I always walk by here and eating on the outside patio seemed so perfect.  The weather was perfect and sunny.  Anyway, the wait was a bit long and we decided to sit inside.  

I was expecting good food, like really good food and probably small portions.  Anyway we ordered the French onion soup and the beef hash with poached eggs.

The soup was too salty, we received 2 pieces of potatoes with the eggs, and the eggs were a little overcooked.  The hash was decent.  

Honestly, the bread they gave us to go with the meal was the best-nutty soft with butter and fresh jam.

I don't' really see what the hype was, but I still enjoyed my time here.I came here for a super late lunch and wasn't that impressed. I was there during Thanksgiving Day and it was packed. Luckily we made reservations so we had no issues with getting a table. 

Ordered: Chicken & Mushroom Crepe ($14.95), Classic Quiche Lorraine ($14.95), and the Onion Soup Au Gratin ($10.95). 

Note in my point of view, that all three choices are enough to share with another person. My favorite out of all the three was the Chicken & Mushroom Crepe. The Classic Quiche Lorraine wasn't that great (I've had better & overpriced). The Onion Soup Au Gratin was definitely overpriced for the overall taste. 

All in all, it wasn't as impressive as it was all hyped up to be -_-... oh, and the French Baguette they give, meh. You can go to a grocery store and get better :DGood service and friendly staff.

It was good food, but not great. I had the short rib.  the rib was tender and flavorful.  The sides were ok.  

I just don't know, it wasn't spectacular and I don't think I would come back for dinner. 

My wife said this was a great lunch place I would probably agree based on the lackluster dinner I had.I have no idea what the fuck these people are thinking calling those chips of what could be a potato a "frite" - but they are not fucking frites. I know frites, I love frites - those things are more like sheddings of potato dermis.

My steak was mealy. Blech.We had lunch there and it was all right, nothing to complain about, but nothing to justify more than three stars either. Expensive, like everything at major Vegas hotels.We came here as suggested by a local. The view is incredible and watching the fountains is definitely a perk. However, I had to give this restaurant three stars due to the lack of terrible customer service. Our waitress seemed stand offish so I tried to make small chat about things to do in the area and she gave suggestions. However, it did start to rain and when we asked to go inside we kind of got this "oh you're those types of girls" kind of feeling. They never offered to open the umbrellas on the patio though. Then as soon as we were inside no one checked on us until it was time to bring the check. My ahi tuna burger was delicious, but had the waitress come by, I would have liked more spicy mayo. The fries are incredible and my friend mentioned they taste like potato sticks - perfectly crunchy and tastefully sinful. So overall, my first restaurant experience in Vegas was subpar. Maybe next time Mon Ami Gabi, maybe next time!Because a friend of mine recommended this place, we thought we'd try it out. First time here with my hubby to check it out as a potential event venue. Mussels marinière and frites were quite good for starters. My husband's Cobb salad was kind of sad looking and the lardons were so hard that they were essentially indelible. My "seafood" crêpe was a crêpe filled with some green peas; this was accompanied by three shrimp and two sea scallops on the side with a cream sauce. One would expect a seafood crêpe to be filled with seafood, not just some sad little peas. Don't think Mon Ami Gabi made the cut for our event. Just meh.Second time here, there wasn't any wait to be seated for lunch unless you want to sit in the patio. 

We sat for 8 minutes before anybody acknowledged us, and as he took our drink orders he tried rushing us to order our foods as well. As we were ordering he had the nerve to walk away mid order and talk with his fellow waiter. Is this real life?
About 5 minutes after he took our order we don't have our drinks, and we noticed that everybody around us had baguettes as soon as they sat down.
Fast forward to around 25 minutes after seating, our table looks exactly as it did the moment we sat down. No drinks, no bread, no attention from any of the many waiters/food runner around the place.  I had to go hunt down our waiter and ask for some bread and water or something.. Anything.
Finally the 34th minute of our dining experience we got our bread and drinks, and our food soon after. 
My steak sandwich was cut vertically? I thought that was weird, imagine going to quizno sub and getting your sandwich cut vertically in the middle.. The steak had NO flavor! The fries chips were delicious but the bread completely overpowers the meat in that sandwich. 
The tuna sandwich, macaroni, and quiche were delicious as well. Although I thought that somebody split salt in the tuna sandwich.
Overall,
Food: 7/10
Service: 2/10I wanted to love Mon Ami Gabi but alas, it was not meant to be. The steak was only average, the herb butter and the pomme puree were both so salty they rendered the rest of the dish inedible. The french green beans were delicious and the fresh bread was among the best I've ever had. 
Our server was great, very sweet and attentive, but the food was so mediocre that our awesome waitress just couldn't quite save the meal.Got seated here for a family dinner and some friends and our server was very friendly and helpful. Ordered the steak with the delicious fries (so thin and tasty) kinda reminds me of in and out...couldnt stop eating the fries. The steak was good as well. I do not remember anything else but they do have a nice seating outside of the strip to eat and watch people. Would recommend this place!French food is usually awesome.  While Mon Ami Gabi is a good restaurant because it serves good French food, I wouldn't go out of your way to come here if in Vegas.  I live in Boston and every French place I've been to there is better than Mon Ami Gabi.  A French place with no duck on the menu?  Never seen that before.  Look for something else because you can do French better almost anywhere else.  

That being said, it is still serviceable French food and a worthy option if you are in a bind and looking for a nice restaurant at a fairly reasonable price (for Vegas).Mon Ami Gabi gets the biggest meh on the planet.  And I really wanted to like this place because I lost my virginity to a woman named Gabi.

Bread was fine.  Good bread, really.  But even italian restaurants in Iowa give you some pepper and parm to add to the oil you're dipping it in.

Escargots were bad.  Lacking flavor, under seasoned, and 17 bucks for 1.2 ounces of snail meat just isn't a good deal.  Only good thing is that once you ate the snails you could dip some of your leftover bread in the snail sauce and the bread absorbed enough of the flavor that it wasn't bad.  If this is the best they can do on snail meats they should honestly take them off the menu.  I could do better than this at home.  And I've never even seen a snail.

Scallops I had were okay but not great.  Tasted surprisingly fishy for scallops.  It wasn't necessarily a bad fishy taste, but wasn't something I was used to at a nice restaurant.  Seemed weird.

My gf ordered a steak and it was good but I thought this place was French.  It's not like they're gonna beat Craft or a dozen other places on steak.

Sides were pretty meh.  We had the rat one, plus pommes puree.  They're relatively cheap (6 bucks vs 11+ at some places) but they also weren't that great.  I guess they're rated okay, given the relatively low price.

Bottom line is I'd go elsewhere.  You can do better at this sort of mid tier vegas price.We were strolling along the strip and since nocthing else seemed to be open, we decided to give this place a shot. The one thing I loved about this place is that it is right across the Bellagio water show. That was lovely. The food here is good. Their baked cheese is to die for :) The waitress was really nice she even offered to take our picture after we were finished eating. Maybe we will be back.Food was Ok, nothing too special, but what really annoyed me and my group was that our waiter was extremely rude. Also, one of the steaks arrived cold!I have only agreed to come here on my husband's insistence because he claimed that they must have had an off night when we were here last year and my medium rare Beef Wellington -- something I was really looking forward to trying -- turned out to be a dried up piece of meat wrapped in dehydrated pastry. After all, this is such a popular place! "Of course", I said, "perhaps it WAS an off night, after all." But as it turned out, OFF is  a permanent condition here at Mon Ami Gabi...

I really, really, really wanted to like this place both times I ate here. It has a very cosy main dining room and of course, what can be better than sitting out on the patio people watching and enjoying the view of the fountains.  And lucky us: without even trying, we snagged a patio table on a sunday night! Then a  beautiful crusty baguette with slightly sweet butter was brought out and things started looking even better! However, that's where out luck ended, because then they brought out the rest of the food. And it wasn't good. At all! 

My soup du jour-- lentils with duck confit -- smelled like a Sephora store on a busy afternoon. There is just no explanation for an extremely strange perfume-y smell that was hitting my nose every time I tried to put a spoon of that soup in my mouth. A shame, because the flavor was quite nice... perhaps I should have tried holding my nose while eating...

Next came the scallops: another huge disappointment. They were fishy! No self-respecting restaurant should have let that dish leave their kitchen... My guess is they were either frozen or stored in sodium tripolyphosphate, which makes them appear nice and juicy but completely alters their taste. Ugh! 

My husband's main course -- lamb -- had great potential, but was completely under seasoned. Another bummer! Needless to say, we chose not to order desert...Waited for 50 minutes to get a table and we had made reservations! Our waitress Sarah K was useless. She didn't tell us any specials until 20 minutes after we sat. She forgot our bottle of wine! After taking 3 of 5 orders she went to another table and came back 5 minutes later. The water server was much more attentive!

Food was delicious thoughThe snails and bread were good otherwise don't eat dinner here.  Slimy undercooked farmed salmon and greasy cheesy pasta.  No one at our table liked the various other entrees. Great view of the strip though!This was from back in Dec. 2012
Actually I would give it a 3.5 ha! It was quite good everything except my entree, boohoo! It might not be their fault either, I tried to go with something different for me, being in a French restaurant and all...So I tried some pork chops with fig, but maybe it was fine and I just don't know how it's supposed to taste.... I didn't really like it, I didn't like the texture of the pork chops, too soft and it was too much on the sweet side for me...

Now, the bread....oh the bread...that takes 5 stars right away, enough said.
and the little salad that comes with the bread...delicious!

The place was packed, but it wasn't too bad the wait because it was freaking cold outside and we brave the cold and accepted a table outside. If you kept your jacket on you were fine.

They have big space heaters all over the place, there was one right behind my chair, so it was actually perfect. 

Nice experience overall!I went here for breakfast this morning and it wasn't particularly good considering the price ($18 after tax and tip).  They did have some pretty good table bread, which my girlfrind really seemed to enjoy.

If you're hungry and looking for somewhere to eat then it's fine, we got seated very quickly at 11:30 on Labor Day Sunday.  Just don't really expect to get anything you couldn't make yourself.My wife and I had one of our first dates here many years ago and it was excellent!  We had not had a chance to come back but always wanted to and we finally made it a point of returning this year to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary. We were excited, however, unfortunately the experience left us disappointed and wishing we'd gone to one our other favorites in Las Vegas that we know would have met our expectations. 

First of all, the food was very good and the chef staff deserves some credit. They sent out a small comp dessert which was also nice. The view and the ambience is also very nice. Those two things are the only reason for 2 star rating. 

However, the service staff, leaves much to be desired. Our server and the busser were very unfriendly and could not care less that this was a special occasion for us and they did not treat us well at all. They were short, unfriendly, and uncaring.  It was as if our patronage was an inconvenience to them. 

To make it worse, we ordered escargot appetizer, a caesar salad, wine, and entrees, and they forgot to bring the salad and then brought our entrees instead.  We ended up just accepting the mistake and taking the entrees because at this point we just wanted to eat and leave. To make it even worse, when the server came over, we had to tell her of the mistake and she didn't apologize or seem to care and had an "oh well, I don't really care" attitude about it. Then she disappeared for 20 minutes and never checked in on us again until our meal was completely finished. 

Again, food and ambience was good, but service was horrible and very disappointing. Whether an anniversary special occasion or not, the service was unacceptable. The price alone for this meal demands a much higher level of service. You pay for fine dining to receive high quality food and high quality service. 

Needless to say, unfortunately, and I say unfortunately because this place had a special memory for us and we had high hopes of coming back, but we will not return. Wish I could go back in time and redo this special night at a different restaurant.I had to eat at the bar because it was busy and it was pretty loud.. The food was good though. The steak frites were yummy and the steak prepared just rightMixed feelings about this place. Based on the reviews I thought it was going to be incredible, but was sadly disappointed. Visited with a group of 4.

The Good: The french onion soup was delicious. Cute interior and decor. Comped some of our meal after issues were brought up.

The Neutral:
- Refused to seat our party of 4 despite a reservation because 2 of our party was missing. We wanted to order for all 4 people in advance... not sure why this was an issue (we were going to order for all so as to not keep the table longer than necessary) but I understand that's their policy so will keep that one neutral.

The Bad:
- Seating is large inside but very tight. My mother got knocked HARD on the back of the head with a plate by a waiter walking past fast (she was woozy and had a headache after) and also got bumped twice more on the back of the head with elbows/backs etc by passing waiters. Did not seem like it was a weird event as we saw it happen to others. Aisles should be bigger or waiters should be more careful. We were tucked in as much as possible. Beware!
- Our food took much longer than all the other  tables around us. We were very friendly  and polite the whole time so didn't seem like it was us, but we were definitely forgotten. Waiter and manager came by to apologize.
- Crepe machine was broken so could not order crepes.
- Grapefruit juice was "off" -- and I'm pretty tolerant of bad gf juice!
- My nutella waffles tasted good, but we had to request syrup. Others ordered blueberry waffles and french toast -- blueberries were frozen SOLID and cold, and french toast was raw batter on the outside.

Perhaps we ordered the wrong things here or just had an off day. Would not return.I absolutely loved the view at Mon Ami Gabi. We were fortunate enough to get a seat outside and the vegan protest in the view we encountered, only added to the experience. I did not give this 4 stars due to the service. I don't know if our waiter was avoiding our table purposely, but I did feel like we had to flag him down a few times in order to get service. If the case was that he was overwhelmed, then that is an issue the restaurant needs to address. We had a group of 5, so gratuity was already added to our check, so maybe he did not feel the need to work for it and be a bit more attentive to the table. He also seemed to be a bit rushed when he was taking our order. Not to mention, the "secret service" (probably the floor manager) standing by our table throughout the duration of our meal. It was just a bit cramp to have him hoovering the entire time. 

The meal was ok. I had the Beef Wellington, but was not pleased with it. The best part of eating in a group is being able to sample a variety of dishes at one time. Our appetizer: Warm Triple Cheese was delicious beyond words. My sister had the Salmon which was also tasty. My friend had the Hanger Steak...arguably the best thing at the table. We had Chocolate Mousse and Caramel Crème Brulee for dessert. The Brulee was the better of the two.We are here on a Saturday night. The atmosphere was nice but we had a terrible experience with our waiter and the meal. We had three people in our party. The waiter messed up the orders and brought one meal before the others and before the appetizer. Then they brought an appetizer salad with the meal. The steak orders were wrong, the soup and fries were cold. Even our after dinner coffee was cold. We were not rude about what was wrong but wanted things warm and Instead of the waiter attempting to fix the errors, he got snippy and threw the check at us. Not an experience that is acceptable at any restaurant much less at a high end place like this.Really romantic place to end up at in the evening on a date.  Steak was great, sauces were cold, French frites so so because they were soggy.  I had French onion soup that was good, and my husband enjoyed his salad.  Might have been better sitting outside.Serviceable, nice view when outside, but overall the food is just ok. Seems very mass produced which doesn't jive with the price.just had breakfast here.  hostess was disorganized but seated us after we were 1/2 hour late.  had the turkey omlete which was bland.  the potatoes were crispy hash browns which was great.  the waiter charged me twice for tea ($7.90) for 2 teabags and told me afterward that there was refill on hot water only.   WTF?  i have never been charged full price for asking for another teabag.  charged 4$ each for kids drinks.  would not come back again.Had lunch there today.
Seemed like an assembly line when I showed up at the front desk - although there were at least 5 staff standing there and 1 guest in front of me, I wasn't greeted until the woman in front of me was seated. I was told they would give me a window seat, though I did not end up next to a window... ? I was in the patio. The temperature was perfect.
As my server asked for my drink order, I picked up the drink menu but was immediately blocked by a pitcher of water. An assistant had reached over me to fill my water glass. I think he could've waited a few min!
When I'm finally able to look at the menu I hear a "thunk." Oh, a loaf of bread has just landed on my table!

I had a frangria, which was good.
I had the French onion soup which everyone raves about - it was very good. A large quantity! I actually did not finish it.
And I had the au poivre burger, which was cooked to my preference, but a little too salty (they sprinkled large grain salt on the slice of tomato and, it seems, the rest of the plate).
I barely touched the fries that came with my burger - they were mostly chewey! And a few were hard as rocks! Not sure what all the raves about there.

Overall, the food was alright, but it was such an odd dining experience. Many of the staff looked upset/grumpy (like the people who delivered my food). Wasn't what I expected from reading all the Yelp reviews.I told myself not to write this review until a day had gone by so here it is. My boyfriend and I were walking around Las Vegas Blvd when we came across this restaurant. We had our pup with us so I decided to go in and ask if he could eat with us in their outdoor seating area. I went in and asked one of the hostesses if our dog could eat with us if we sit outside and she said "Um, yeah for how many people?" And I said two. Then she said it will be an hour wait for outside. So I went back outside to ask my boyfriend if the wait time was fine and he said ok, so I went back in and told the same hostess that we would wait, so she took my name down and gave us a buzzer. After patiently waiting for a little over an hour our buzzer goes off, so I give it to the same hostess that took my name down. She looks down at my dog who is standing right next to me and says "Um, is that a service dog? Because we don't allow dogs here"...... I then said "I asked you if we could eat outside with our dog before you took my name down". A hostess standing next to her then says to me "She wasn't here an hour ago". LOL what?!!!! I was absolutely LIVID. They were basically calling me a liar. Why would I make that up and purposefully wait an entire hour when I have better things to do while on vacation. How dare they??? I remained really calm, which I now regret. I wish I would have cursed them out, I really do. If she wasn't there an hour ago then I must have been talking to her effing twin. EVEN IF they were right (which they were not) and I had asked a different hostess, someone still told me I could bring my dog!!! After the manager came out she told me it was against their health code to let dogs eat in the restaurant, even if it's outdoors, which is totally fine but why was I not told this before waiting a fucking hour?? 

Manager lady, please check your surveillance cameras for 03/09/2015 around 12:30pm and tell me again that the same hostess did not take my name down. I DARE YOU. And I hope you reprimand your hostess for lying to a customer right to her face.

Avoid this disgusting and dishonest place. They have a staff of liars working here.Mon Ami Gabi, I hyped you up way too much in my head. I almost feel guilty giving you three stars as fellow Yelpers below seemed to have had an amazing experience here. 

First off, our waiter was super rude! I guess since we came as a party of 6 and gratuity was included in the bill maybe he felt he didn't need to provide top notch service to us. Our water was refilled once, he seemed upset having to make two separate trips back for napkins and extra bread and he even gave us the bill before we looked at the dessert menu...in fact, if it wasn't for the service we received, I probably would have bumped it up to 4 stars...

Now onto the meal, I ended up ordering the filet mignon merlot $37, a seafood starter platter $55 which included a lobster, salmon tartare, shrimp cocktail (4) and fresh oysters (4) as well as two orders of escargot. Now the escargot wasn't bad, however it seemed we had more olive oil than actual pesto in it. The filet mignon was cooked almost perfectly but the fries it came with I could've done without. The seafood platter was the winner, the lobster and oysters were very fresh, the shrimp was good but the salmon tartare needed something more. I guess it's hard to compare when I've only had salmon tartare in Portugal. 

For dessert, our table shared a caramel creme brûlée which was amazing. The dessert was 5 star worthy! If you tell them it's your birthday they also bring out a small ice cream dessert. 

Overall, this place wasn't bad. Perhaps I came on an off day. I don't think I'd come back to the same waiter if I dined here again but other than the service, everything else was pretty good!My wife and I had dinner at Mon Ami and were very disappointed. The service was good, the caeser salad was mixed at the table and excellent, but the main courses were over cooked and not appetizing. The venue is very noisy and almost like eating in a cafeteria, not very intimate. Not worth the expense. We will not be back.This is a great place to come during the summer. The patio seating gives you a great opportunity to do some people watching :) I've been coming to this place a lot because their appetizers are pretty legit. Here's are some of the things that I enjoy when I'm there. 

Chicken liver mousse: creamy pâté on a hot summer day, perfect combo. 

Duck confit: it's so moist and juicy and the cherries give it just the right amount of tart. 

Shrimp cocktail and oysters are always a must here for me :)

I'm giving this place 3 stars because you come for the patio seating and the the food, not the service. I wish that it could be a little better and friendlier :) 

Happy eating everyone :)Food was ok, bf poch egg was not done well. Waitress tried correcting bf.. Not cool.. Pricey for what u get as well. French fries were burnt, couldnt even taste the potatoe.. Not happy. Wont come back.THe setting is nice and if you hit the right time and table you can see the Bellagio fountain.  As for my food, I am giving this an okay.  The escargot was actually pretty good.  If rating on just that I would give it a 4 star.  I enjoyed dipping the bread into the escargot olive oil.  Yum.  However, for my main course I got a steak. MEH...Definitely not very good.  It's a very thin cut of steak, kind of chewy (not in a good way) and the seasoning was lacking.  What a shame.  I expected more....Probablement la brasserie française la plus chère du monde. 
Très touristique, mais une jolie vue sur les fontaines du Bellagio. 
Mon Ami Gabi sert des plats qu'on trouve en France ... dans les brasseries et aux prix des resto gastro.
En revanche, énorme point noir, le vin était tout simplement atroce (Sauvignon & Pinot Noir). Le goût n'avait d'égal que l'odeur. Retour en cuisine et ont a fini à l'eau.Hostess process sucked. They were very rude this morning. How many times do I have to give my name?  How much longer do I have to wait for my reservation?Great view of the Bellagio fountains and the food is solid French Bistro cuisine. With all of the amazing restaurant options Vegas has to offer, I can't justify giving this place a 4 but I would rank it as a 3.5. The food is solid and the price point is very fair for a restaurant on the strip with such a great view.

I came here for lunch and there's a nice selection of crepes, sandwiches, and lunch entrees. The french fries here are the super thin crunchy kind so that was one of my favorites.Andy and I went to eat here with my parents in Oct. and the service was ok, food was ok, nothing special hereThis is the first and last time I will go back to this restaurant. My ladies and I were there for a nice girls night out and we've never experienced such poor service in a restaurant like this.  It started with the bitchy hostesses, then continued on with the water guys and the two servers we had.  I had to give 3 stars because the food was delicious. I had one of the steak w/ frites and their yummy creme brule.  I don't care if their food is delicious, I don't need to drive to the strip and waste money on this place that treats you like crap.I got food poisoning here from eating their quiche. Everyone else in my group was complaining about how their food was bland and all of our plates came out cold (we ordered things like scrambled eggs and French onion soup so it definitely shouldn't have been cold). The service was additionally super slow even though the restaurant was empty besides our group and a few others. I'm not really sure why this place has such high ratings sorry to say it.For our Monday brunch I give Mon Ami Gabi 5 stars for their complimentary bread, 4 stars for ambiance and service, and 2 stars to the food. The location is obviously a great plus, with its view of the Bellagio fountain and people watching. Though the Vegas heat was at an oppressive 100+ degrees, the misters and umbrellas did a decent job keeping us from overheating. The bread is phenomenal. Our appetizers were great. But the dishes we paid the most for ended up being the most underwhelming. 

The appetizers that were a hit were the oysters, which were plump, fresh, and super refreshing, and the moules frites, though, I give more credit to the bread for that as it was the main vehicle in which we enjoyed the moules frites since the fries were just so-so. 

The seared tuna salad is definitely one to avoid. The seafood crepe had great scallops on the plate, but the shrimp tough and extremely overcooked. The best of the entrees was the open faced crab salad sandwich which was great for such a hot day, and unlike the seared tuna salad, seasoned well. I got sweetness from the crab, creaminess from the avocado, and bite from the thousand island dressing that boasted some really delicious chopped cornichons. 

$50 per person and we had drinks (iced tea and french 75s).Just left this place quite disappointed. My party and I sat and waited to be served early on a Friday morning for breakfast. After 15 minutes of waiting with no waiter in sight, I looked around me and noticed that the couple who had come in right before us were already eating! The service staff had not even taken our order! I walked out, tired of waiting, and none of the staff bothered to inquire as to what made our party of five walk out the door. Their staff is quite apathetic, take your business elsewhereWe were lucky to walk up about 11:15 AM and get seated immediately on the patio, as desired.  A street band was setting up at this exact moment, and we enjoyed the sounds of Spain while we ate French LOL  It was glorious.
3 stars because service was slow--we were told that "the shift is changing right now and your new server will be with you soon."  We could have at least been served drinks while we waited, but no.  Even after "shift change," things just moved at nearly a snail pace.
The food was....alright.  I've enjoyed a much more flavorful plate of French cuisine in Houston compared to what I was served here.  My son enjoyed his crepe and practically licked his plate clean---but I expect nothing less from a teenager.
We are willing to give it another go if we return to Las Vegas.I think this place is good, but it's not great.  It's got a nice view of the Bellagio fountains, and has some really good bread.  With that said, I don't think I'd get the steaks here, I didn't really like it too much.  The steaks were not as charred as I liked, and those frittes were under seasoned and underwhelming.  The pate was good, and the escargot was yummy, but like I said, underwhelming.  I will give them props for their service, the waitress was really sweet and attentive.  Don't know if I'd go again, but it was good.(3.5)

We went here for my mom's 70th birthday dinner and there was 20 of us.  I was disappointed we could not reserve to sit outside so I did not get the best part of this place.  Instead we were seated inside which was rather dark and loud especially for older people.  Also, they would not seat us until half our party was there which was kind of annoying.  I did not like the seating arrangement that much because I was sitting in a place where I could not get out unless everyone in my row scooted over and let me.  

Our waitress was attentive except she gave the cupcake to wrong person not my mom, which I am sure was an honest mistake.  Over all I would say the service was good here. 

Everyone seemed to like their food.  I got the scallops which were decent although the side that came with it was not too impressive.  I believe you can switch that out though. Pretty reasonable prices for Vegas I would say.  I think next time I would want to sit on the patio.  I went and looked at it and it was way nicer.  I would go back and try this place again and maybe order the salmon.  My mom said that was yummy.Qui présenter des contradictions!?  Two years ago we had a wonderful breakfast, and today we had a completely different experience.  

Pros:
Most of the food was tasty ... really, truly delish
Waiter was friendly, even though he clearly had too many tables
Setting (glassed in patio) was lovely
Will do half orders for kids

Cons:
Slow service ... I mean really slow 
Over cooked food (waffles disintegrated into crumbs when cut, English muffin required a serrated knife)
Manager was walking the floor but completely missed our pleas for help

The smoked salmon plate and crepes are winners!  Waffles and benedicts, not so much.I've been here twice before and recently went here for a group dinner for a friend's birthday during my weekend in Vegas. 

I ordered the grilled salmon and spinach salad. The vinaigrette was a bit too acidic, the inside of my mouth started to hurt - I should've asked for dressing on the side. But the flavor combination was delicious and the salmon was cooked perfectly.

For dessert, I shared the bananas foster crepe. I can't remember if this was amazing or just good... I'm gonna say it was good, but not memorable, since I can't remember (obvs). 

Service is great and the prices are reasonable. It's a really good place for fancy steaks and frites in a casual atmosphere; and for around $25, not bad! (Doesn't compare to $3 steak and eggs specials elsewhere, though, but that is a different review entirely.)I gave Mon Ami Gabi another try recently after a horrific experience the last time I was there a few years ago (the waiter didn't take a food allergy seriously and didn't check with the kitchen). I realize that staff may come and go and my last experience wasn't the fault of the restaurant itself, so I gave it another chance because my girlfriend wanted to try it.

 The food probably won't be the most memorable part of your experience here; I'd venture to say it'll be the atmosphere. If you sit outside on the patio, you'll have a great view of the fountains at the Bellagio and plenty of people watching in the meantime. 

 The prices are pretty reasonable given the location ($25 steak+fries) and the food does a reasonable job of representing the sort of fare you'd expect in a french cafe if it were cooked by an american chef that had learned to prepare the food by reading the menu. 

 The service on my latest visit was much better. The waiter (Manuel according to the receipt) actually checked with the kitchen about my allergy and was back to me promptly with the confirmation that they do in fact (rather unusually) make their french onion soup with chicken stock (a bizarre allergy, I know). 

  My last visit mostly redeemed previous experiences and I'll probably give Mon Ami Gabi another go in the future if for no other reason than the view.I remember liking this restaurant the first time I went there years ago. This time we went on a busy night but had reservations. We went right in. There were lots of people and I found service to be fast and good considering the amount of people there. My fiance's steak was Ok not good but not horribly bad. I would def. not order that again. My scallops were good-but would not really say it's worth the money. The french onion soup was very good. Overall they have a nice view, good service, overpriced (but expected on the strip), portion size is decent, but food is nothing special. I don't think I will be going back.I forgot about this pathetic place. Maybe it's just me, maybe it was just a bad Friday night...maybe it was just a terrible suggestion. but in the end, the lesson to be learned is that no one can upsell a cheapa$$ cut of cow (ie skirt steak) to a carnivore and throw in potato leftovers ( I mean LOUSY french fries)  on the dish to make it appealing. 

This establishment is why I hate trying new places out.. all the hype.. ohh the food is good, it rocks, we should try it.. yah yay yah.mmbop .. whatevers! 

NO, don't get the SKIRT STEAK, no matter WTF they called it, it's friggin carne asada! but REAL carne asada TASTES good! 
/ end PSA. 
That is all...

next time it's Del Friscos d-bags... no and's if's or but's!I'm going to be one of "those" people and complain about this well-established and popular joint. I made us reservations so the wait was a non-issue. Our server was a true gentleman and was knowledgeable about the menu, so that was also not a concern. But the food was where I was a little bothered. First let me say that the bread and presentation is delicious and well-thought out, respectively. I was super excited to eat the Steak Frites, which is usually one of my favorite combinations, but very disappointed in the fact that they use grain-feed beef and are proud of it, as described on the menu. EW. As a quality meat lover and Paleo-enthusiast, I cannot support commercial farming by ordering that, sorry. As a result, I ordered fish, which I realize is a "no-no" at a Steakhouse. Under the circumstances (I was actually grossed out), I felt no other choice, and let's say I won't be ordering that again. The frites, which I did try, where totally not the way I imagined them to be, as they were a weird shape and not delicately fried like I hoped. Our starter was OK...the warm brie, but since I'm not a fan of hazelnuts, I wouldn't order that again, either.
I hope I'm not insulting anyone in saying that you would only like this place if you're used to eating mediocre quality food. If you buy Organic produce and Grass-fed meat and hit the farmer's market for seasonal, fresh food, don't bother.We ordered small portion of food for the table to start with and asked our server, Stephanie, to come and check back with us in 5 minutes after all our food was served. She never came back to ask how the food was, nor she ever filled our drinks. I tried to grab her attention to order extra food as the portion was too small for my family but she never looked at our table nor paid any attention. The food itself was great, but our night was ruined by her service. As I couldn't get her attention to order more food, we just finished with what we had and waited for about 10 minutes just for the check. I even had to ask for our check from another server by stopping him and ask for a check. He had to let Stephanie know that we want check and she just simply dropped her check off to our table without saying anything. At the end, I had to leave no tip and informed her of her poor service. I will never go back to this place and I wouldn't recommend any of my friends to this place.lame and expensive. You want good food go to Lolas on charleston. Nuff said.This is a nice-casual place for breakfast or lunch with a great view of the Belagio & fountain across the street. Had eggs Benedict for breakfast & it was tasty. Not exceptional, but enjoyable. They also offered a gluten free eggs Benedict option which was nice. Service was good but not great. Good coffee!I had higher expectation for this place, but was sadly disappointed. I've had better filet mignon, fries, and duck. The merlot butter left a dry aftertaste in my mouth that was not enjoyable. The steak was cooked a perfect medium rare so they get kudos for that. The duck my husband ordered was dry. The ambiance was romantic, but very crowded. The service was good. 

Overall, I don't think we'll be coming back to this place. If you still want to try this place out, I would recommend that you make reservation online because there is always a wait. You can even request where you want to sit (i.e. indoor, outdoor, window, etc.) and the front desk will try to accomodate you the best they can.I've eaten here twice and both times were good. Not fantastic though, which makes me think I need to return for the steak frites! The patio is definitely one of the best on the strip. It has some shaded areas but can still get extremely hot.. my butter melted completely just from sitting in the sun! Great people watching.. it's too bad you can't request to be seated there when you make a reservation. I think my favorite item that I've tried is the chicken crepe. The bread and butter is very good.. the little bag makes it feel like a true french baguette!Everyone in my party got a steak, but with different sauces. They were all ok. Steak is thin but tender. The bordelaise sauce was a bit too sweet. The frites were delicious, like extra fried in n out fries. We also shared mussels and they were pretty good.

Although not bad, not really 4 star worthy on yelp, especially given the price. Nothing extremely memorable about the food. Would have been nice to sit outside. Service was great though.As expected was very busy as most places in Vegas are. Came with a party of 7 and had a reservation; wait staff handled it well.

Good location on the strip; I would sit outside or on the patio if possible.

I tried the onion soup, steak bordelaise and the salmon.

First thing I noticed was water stains on the steak knife, after conferring with my party turns out one side of the knife always has water marks.

The onion soup itself was a bit runny with a heavy hand on the cheese; the bread in the soup seemed to be in there for days. The steak bordelaise was a bit bland and the cut a bit thin for my taste; the steak merlot on the other hand seemed overly sweet. The fries that came with the steak were oddly not bad. The salmon was pretty bland as well; nothing too special, not terrible either; typical flavoring of pepper salt and lemon.

For the price it's a nice ambience in Vegas, but in terms of the food, there are many other options available.I have eaten here few times while visiting Las Vegas. I have had breakfast and dinner. The food has always been always great, except coffee which has been below average. However, I am giving only 3 stars because of service. When you are by yourself and not ordering alcohol, the serves profile you. They know you won't spend tons of money, so they don't give you as much attention.This food was great and so was the view. The only reason why I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars is because of the service... Our server seemed bothered that she had to wait on us and was flat out rude the whole time.To me, service is always as important as quality of dishes. We had a hard time bringing the server to our table throughout the dinner. The only time she came to our table without us calling her was when she was collecting the payment. The server wasn't able to give us a recommendation on wines. She seemed like she had absolutely no knowledge on wines and when asked for a recommendation, she told us to look at the wine list and pick any because all the wines listed were "good" to her. We ordered scallops and steak frites. Scallops were heavenly but the steak was just okay. If I go back to this restaurant, it would be because of their scallops. We got a table for 2 by the wall and it was too tiny to fit two dishes, wines, and waters. I almost burned myself, trying to get water, with the candles that they put on the table. This restaurant was too pricey for the service and the portion of the food that we got. Tip: If possible, make a reservation beforehand. We had a reservation and got there a little early for dinner so there was no wait but when we left, there was a long line outside.I had lunch here one time and was disappointed.  I had the steak sandwich with fries.  the sandwich wasn't filling and didn't taste as good as i hoped. All the fries were small, burnt and crunchy, like the ones u get at the bottom of a McDonald's bag.  and when i asked for ranch the server looked at me like i was crazy and said they don't serve ranch.  I'm sure they have better food and maybe one day I'll go back and find out.mother's day lunch

busy busy

reservations made

yay we have a table

seated in the well-lighted indoor area

nice interior

sea scallops with cheese and carmelized onions

salty and gooey and sweet

oh i think i'm going to be nauseous

no more scallops for moi

creamy chicken & mushroom crepe

creamy, yes. not enough to save the dry chicken

geez, even i'd make better crepesLet me first start off by saying, Mon Ami Gabi does not understand the point of reservations. If you make a reservation, you still have to wait in line with people who do not have reservations. So don't plan on just being able to walk up and check in. Generally, the food was good. Nothing notable about it, but good none the less. It's a reasonably priced, reasonable quality dinner place on the strip. If you're looking for dinner on the strip and don't want to pay hundreds of dollars, I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi.Food was pretty good,  and you can't beat the view. Disappointed in the number of options,  but glad to see they have a gluten free menu.I was really looking forward to eating here after coming to Vegas so many times and never having tried. We went for breakfast and I figured a french bistro, I couldn't go wrong with eggs Benedict right? WRONG!

I don't know if the bread used was frozen and then thawed or if it was sitting out all night but it was so hard I couldn't cut it to save my life! I even asked for a steak knife and that could not cut this rock-hard brick of bread. 

What made it worse, was our server could care less about our table. She was too busy working on the larger group tables to even notice we had a problem. She never came back once to ask how the meal was going. 

Paid the bill and left very disappointed.For what they're going for, and what they actually provide, they need to work harder.  It's good... but should be better.

Big black hair in the food... very uncaring service... food was on the lukewarm side.  Sure, what I had was tasty (berry crepe with lemon creme), but everyone else had a very meh to bad meal.I've been wanting to try out this place for awhile, and finally did during my last trip to Vegas. Maybe we just didn't order the right things, but my bf and I weren't that impressed.

We came for brunch and ordered the Quiche Lorraine and the Corned Beef Hash. The quiche was cooked well, but it was too much of one thing and I couldn't finish it. I was expecting several small pieces of crispy bacon, but ended up with some big chunks of fat. I didn't try the corned beef hash, but my bf said it didn't taste the way he expected.

Service was okay. Our waiter didn't check on us quite enough, but did his job. I expected a nicer atmosphere, but for some reason it didn't seem that nice. The place seemed too cramped and busy. Maybe it would've been different if we sat outside with a view of the Bellagio fountain.

Overall, I wasn't that impressed by this place, but I'm willing to come back again to try out other dishes.Parking: Park in the Paris parking lot and navigate through the casino heading towards the strip (towards Bellagio)

The quality dropped drastically to when I last had it 3 years ago. I got the french onion soup (~$11). There was a huge block of cheese followed by the soup. I didn't remember the soup being so salty. I ate it with the whole baguette because it was so salty. Pro tip, combine the cheese with the bread and you get cheesy bread.

You can make a reservation through open table since this place does get crowded. The thing with open table with this particular restaurant is that you have to put down a credit card.I really wanted to like this place. It all started out very well, made a res, was seated almost immediately on a busy night and even landed an outside table which was awesome. Great people watching! This is where the experience stops. You could tell the waiter didn't really want to be there. I dont blame him....but all in all his was really professional. Space was extremely tight, my aunt had to keep moving her chair so people could get by so that was annoying. Now the food, most importantly...we had the oyster, great selection horrifyingly overpriced. Steaks were 'meh'. They were good but no where near the price we paid good. Now i understand this is vegas and everything is up charged outrageously but i guess i expected a little more.I went here with family . This is a average strip restaurant. This place isn't great its just alright . I've been here for breakfast and dinner service both just okay. For out of towners this would seem awesome but to a Vegas local I've  had much better off the strip.Came for breakfast...service was slow, food was ok except they don't know how to poach an egg...I am not sure what the fuss is about but for the price I would have expected betterWent here for a late dinner (around 10:30pm) on a Friday night. We had wanted to check out the Paris hotel and get a bit to eat and Mon Ami Gabi was one of the only restaurants still open in the hotel. It did take us quite a while to decide what we wanted seeing as the menu is mostly steak and neither me or the bf are quite fond of it. I settled on the lemon chicken, with hesitation because it didn't seem very French but was one of the only things that appealed to me. The bf had the salmon and both turned out to be very good. The mini baguette and butter was also quite tasty and the restaurant is very cute inside. My favorite part of the meal, however, was the sparkling rose', of which I had two glasses.

I would recomment Mon Ami Gabi if you are a fan of steak and don't mind paying $30 for it.(edited on 11/17/12)

I have been there about 7 times. I like to sit outside - to watch Bellagio fountain show. 

Food quality wise, you can't compare to Robuchon or Bouchon - Mon Ami Gabi is a French version of Denny's. That's for sure. Or maybe worse... 

I've had Ground Ahi Tuna Burger and Bacon Cheese Burger - nothing special, nothing better than burgers at Hard Rock Cafe.

I've had seafood crepe - it is OK. Seafood is not fresh. Could be using frozen seafood.

Gratin - greasy - heavy - rich - if you like to gain fat, this should be fine. I am worried if someone get heart attack. 

Trout - i remembered it was no good. 

Fish and Chips - very thin sliced fish make it pretty greasy. Kinda same as one at Todd English at Aria. (it was my fault to get fish&chips at French bistro, yo know)

(newly edited) 

I USED to like all their mousse and pate - along with oysters to pair with wine - with a great fountain view. However, I went back and it was a huge disappointment.

Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail - when the server put the dish on our table, something was wrong - shrimps looked kinda brown - we thought it was some sort of spices,,, then as soon as we ate it, we realized that it was an unfresh, oxidized shrimp! It tasted like dirt. Horrible! I'm sure they use the same old shrimps for other dishes. Gross!

Liver Mousse and Pate - I guess no one orders these items here - I could tell because all the edges were all dried out - pretty disgusting. 

Endive salad - It is not a great experience to have green leaves turn brown and wilt. 

Mussels - bad,,,,, They didn't break my expectation. NOT FRESH! At this point, I was concerned about food poisoning. So, I asked to get a check. It was enough...

When the food, especially seafood, gets old, they should throw them away - because you know, there is a risk of spreading food poisoning! Don't give me these stained shrimps, dude.

Btw, frites are better than Lay's potato chips. Complimentary Baguette is pretty terrible. You can get better baguettes cheaper at Albertson's.

My suggestion - never get seafood here if you know what decent seafood tastes like. Just get burgers - cheap and simple. I guess those people who are giving 5 stars just eat burgers and steaks, not seafood. 

Service - not that great - too busy all the time - my server wasn't nice at all - she didn't stop at our table. No refills. I saw she was chatting for a while at another table, tho. 

You will see all the men in black here - they indeed look professional in a funny way - but imagine if they change it to Denny's uniforms - surly enough, they would fit really well.

Also, when I made a reservation today (Sat. Nov 10 2012 around lunch time), the hostess was really rude over the phone.  This is Karma on Yelp, haha.

I have been going there to see Bellagio, not to enjoy food and service, but it was way too terrible.... I will never go back again.

1 star is for Bellagio's fountain show.Had lemon pancake and salmon eggs Benedict. Wow. The pancake was amazing. The lemon flavor comes out of the thin, crepe like pancake! The eggs Benedict was cooked to perfection but mine had some egg shells and salmon scale still on it. For that reason, I am giving this place a 3/5I am giving this restaurant one star because I had a remarkably unpleasant experience here. They sat me at a tiny two top right near the POS when I was the first and one of the only diners there.
When I asked to move, a security guard of some sort with an ear piece strongly tried to talk me out of moving to a table set for four. He said sitting in a four table by myself would be odd and that it is the "busiest restaurant in America." .....possibly a slight exaggeration, because by the time I left about an hour later there were only about six other parties at most. I probably should have left then and there as soon as he said that, but I didn't really have a choice as this was the only place open and I was supposed to meet someone there. 
I am sure this place gets busy as hell and I am sure it is an extra chore to clear and reset places and yada yada and I am sure that a 20 dollar check does not ensure dancing acrobats, but I am paying for a decent time, service and meal just like anyone else and there was NO ONE else there. 
Bad form! Rude comment! Distasteful! This place has an overinflated opinion of itself, really I had an omelette and a cappacino and it was tiny and the hashbrowns were burnt. I think I made something similar to the omelette once with my leftovers. Horrendous! This was the first time in a long long long time that I truly did not want to pay for this meal, and I am never one of those......
To be fair, if I came here on a different day with some friends it probably would have been different, and there is a terrific view of the Bellagio of course, and maybe the food would have been fine and with a large crowd the ambiance would have been pleasant so perhaps this overall four star rating is accurate, but I only have my own experience.  
Also, I could tell the hostesses did not care for my attire or my suitcases and I got several dirty looks from a lot of the staff on the way out. Get over yourself! It was freaking 7:00 in the morning. It's freaking Vegas, people are coming and going and traveling for long hours and may or may not have been up for several days. They only have a restroom in the dingy casino, they are under a mockup of the Eiffel tower. Hillarious! 
I must say that the server, an older blonde lady, was nice and sweet and a doll....French onion soup was watery with little taste.  We sent it back and were refunded the cost.  The wait staff also forgot that we were there for a birthday and didn't bring out a candle for dessert.  On the plus side my trout was wonderful and my wife enjoyed her scallops.  We've been a number of times but this last meal has tarnished that "must visit" image.  Pricing is reasonable for Vegas and reservations can usual be booked same day.I don't know. I would call the place mediocre. Definitely not more than 3 stars. We had to ask 2 times for a straw. Than they told us that the chicken pate was not available. My co worker received the onion soup 10 minutes before my appetizer finally made it. I just was able to speed up enough and finish my last bite before the main course arrived. The fries were way too salty. They waiter never asked how we like the food or if I would like to have another beer. They really try to rush you in order to make place for the next guest. Not a very enjoyable dinner. They won't see me again. There are way better choices around.This is one of my most favorite restaurants in town. I've been eating here for special occasions for at least 14 years or so.

That being said, I found last night's dinner to only be OK. My group started with the French Onion Soup, the gazpacho special, and the Baked Goat Cheese Salad. The gazpacho was great! The soup was a touch too sweet and the salad, frankly, was not worth it. One circle of cheese on top of greens. For $14.

I found my steak to be good, but not great. In my mind the steaks have always been great so I'm not sure what happened. The fries, very sadly, were a touch over cooked. 

Our dessert was the caramel creme brulee and it was divine! Excellent! Our server was also very friendly.

All of this being said, "OK" at Mon Ami Gabi is "great" anywhere else. I just have so many perfect meals in my memory that last night's meal didn't quite match up.We are staying at Paris hotel the first morning we had our breakfast here the food tastes good and the guy that served us was friendly and helpful so the following morning we did not hesitate eating breakfast here again. unfortunately, the waiter assigned to us was not friendly and helpful at all! They have dish that are not on the menu this guy mumbles those dish that are unfathomable, gave us a lukewarm coffee and after he served the food no follow up if we need anything, i have to ask a coffee refill from the guy clearing the other table. The food was good but the second waiter we had was a total let down .family staying at the paris so we went for brunch on Christmas day.  I had the CB hash.  I'm a hash man and the server slightly oversold MAG's hash.  it was more like big chunks of corned beef and big chunks of potatoes neatly placed on a pretty plate.  I will say the crust on the corned beef and the quality of the meat were top notch.  the eggs were also cooked perfectly. the potato chunks lacked flavor and weren't cooked with the same love as the meat.  I also tried the lemon pancake.  it was darn good.  overall a good experience but not good enough to bring me down to the strip on my own free will.I was expecting really good dishes base on reviews and the amount of money that I spent but unfortunately it is ordinary French restaurant. I ordered duck which was not good at all the only reason I finished it cause I was Hungary my mother orders the fish special for a day and it was not good either and at the end we paid top dollar for really mediocre chief !!!A restaurant with a great view but subpar food.  

This restaurant is located right across from the Bellagio grand water show and while they are situated in the prime spot (we were in the patio area too), it was NOT distracting enough from the lacklustre dishes they served.

The beef bourguignon was too salty for my liking and the dish was amazingly tiny for the price.  The steak roquefort with blue cheese was thin and not the best cut of meats.  It was tough and salty as well.  

This place had all the ingredients for a great dine out experience with the perfect view and exceptional one-on-one service but I can't believe they couldn't deliver on the food.Worst, driest bone in ribeye I have ever had. Seriously. 

The mussels were decent though.Terrible!  My quiche was over cooked, the scallops were very fishy and old tasting. Service was sub par. Over rated indeed.For someone that says they are food allergy friendly they seem to be doing a terrible job. I have a really severe egg allergy and a gluten intolerance. After waiting 30+ minutes for our food it arrived, with bread, and mayonnaise. Seriously?? 2 out of the 3 dishes were just totally wrong. 

Our server apologized and told us in all of the time he had been there he had never had that problem. I accepted and prepared to wait again. 

When they brought out our food finally, it was wrong again. My chicken with apples and brie? No brie. Also a giant silver server of mayonnaise, again. 

At this point I was about to have a full on panic attack. I got about two bites in and realized that my food was cold. Since it was wrong initially I assume it sat in the window while everyones elses was remade. There was no way I was going to be able to comfortably eat this, since they clearly did not take food allergies seriously. 

They did apologize profusely and took a big chunk of the bill off, but it was the worst restaurant we went to for the 5 days we were in Vegas, we will never be back. 

I wouldn't leave such a harsh review if they hadn't told us from my initial phone call before our trip, and when we sat down at the table, that they took food allergies seriously and were more than capable of handling it. 

They need to go back over the system they have in place because it is not working.We came here for our anniversary dinner on May 1st 2010, I'm writing this review a little late.

The only good thing about this place is the view of the Bellagio fountain while you eat... now the bad parts.

- So loud I couldn't hear my wife talking across the tiny table on our anniversary!

- There were as many kids here as adults, and running around free like it was freaking Chuck E Cheese

- The service was terrible, we waited 45 mins for our food, and my steak came out cold and raw like they just took it from the fridge.  Water refill?  what refill?

- Extremely over-priced mediocre quality food.

If you want a romantic, or quiet, or intimate, or tasty French restaurant go to Pamplemousse, don't waste your time here.Steak was OK, Let's just say I felt I over paid for blah food.Service - Pretty good and attentive

Food - I love eating here for breakfast because the Eggs Benedict and Poached Eggs dishes are one of the best I've had.

My only biggest complaint and they should know this already but every time I get hash browns it's always cold, I always have to ask them to remake it. It seems the hash browns are premade and always kills the breakfast mood. They should know that everyone loves fresh cooked hash browns!!!
 
Overall, still love coming here in the mornings to sit outside the patio for the view of Bellagio and the city center.Mon Ami Gabi is situated at the front of the Paris Las Vegas hotel, but the Parisian theme is applied much more subtly inside the dining room than in the rest of the host resort.

We were seated at a table located at an odd intersection between two dining areas and the kitchen doors which meant a steady stream of servers passing back and forth. This added a fun air of hustle-and-bustle that you might experience in a Parisian Bistro. It was fine at lunch time, but might not be what you want during a romantic date night dinner.

I Started with the Onion Soup au Gratin, which arrived piping hot and topped with a bubbling layer of gratineed cheese. The soup itself was far too sweet and far too gloopy, a symptom of the baguette slices that had been submerged in the dish rather than floated on top of it as is traditional.

My entree was much better; filet of Pacific Snapper pan-fried in a light herb batter that lent a subtle texture to the fish. The fish sat on top of lobster cream and butternut squash orzo pasta, which was light and flavorful. 

There was a broad selection of French wines available, plus a limited, but high quality selection of beers.

I would eat at Mon Ami Gabi again.There was a 15 minute wait for the outdoor seating, which I will say go for it! Who wants to spend a beautiful Sunday morning in dim lighting? Just go play the slots and maybe you'll end up paying with your winnings. :)

Crab Cake Eggs Benedict was sensational. Best crab cake I've had, but a little on the thin side. $15.95

The Prime Rib with 3 Eggs was also tasty with a side of toast and hash browns. The complimentary jam is yum!!! Wanted to dip my fingers in and lick 'em. Which I sorta did, hehe! Only warning for this dish is the prime rib may come out more done than you wish. If you want medium, say medium-rare. $18.95

Great atmosphere, but can be a little hectic with waiters and busboys running around. Add in chairs and heaters in minimal space and you'll find yourself in a tight spot, literally. 

Wish the fountains were on. 

Food wasn't piping hot. 

MIGHT try lunch or dinner.$$$ Expensive!  I ordered the steak on my first visit.  The steak is small and the french fries taste fries from a can.  Besides, they put the steak on the top of the fries which soaked all the grease from the steak.  It made the taste bad.  I ordered a chicken on my second visit but the chicken was too dry.  The only dish that I liked was the French onion soup.Stop by this place for a late lunch.  Good value compared to other restaurants on the strip. I had a seafood crepe. Be aware the scallop will be sliced fairly thin.  There were done micro greens sprinkled on top flowing out of the crepe was a Béchamel sauce with sweet peas.  While a good starting point I would have preferred since seasoning in the sauce... Not need just not memorable... The sauce would have made the difference.The good: 

Location: great location right in the front of Paris' casino. Central to the strip. Some tables have a good view of the Bellagio fountain if you wait to sit outside.

The bad:

Staff: Our server was very rude about confusing our order. We asked for a recommendation of chicken liver pâté or chicken liver mousse. He recommended that the pâté tastes better but is thick and not as creamy so we opted for the mousse. When the wrong dish came, he argued with us that we took his recommendation... no guy, sorry but you should have apologized and brought us the correct appetizer not stood there defending yourself that we ordered the other dish. Worst reaction a server could have 

The food: Unfortunately all mediocre. The mousse was pretty bad (I eat mousse all the time, this was missing the gaminess and came with a stinky after taste). Our steak tartare appetizer was tiny and covered with fried onions, masking the presentation and taste of a beautiful raw beef dish. We got the daily special of steak medallions which were good, as were the side potatoes that came with it. We ordered a side of garlic spinach as well, the saltiest spinach I've ever eaten.

The price: I feel like I was eating at a TGI Friday's. We we're definitely price gouged for being on the strip. 

Next time I will follow my heart and eat at a celebrity chef's restaurant even though the wait may be longer. At least someone outs their name on it. Gabi and I are NOT amies.Overhyped. Expensive. Rude staff. But the food is amazing. Went here with reservations. Asked for inside but the staff felt it necessary to tell me (smugly) that an outside table wouldn't be available for 20 min. I had asked for a quiet table. They say me at a tight, small two top near the noisy bar. The greeters, etc. were very rude. Perhaps they were trained in France. The food - now there was nothing wrong there. Service was a bit slow but the food was amazing and worth the wait. Everything was delicious. I might go back here again, but even with great food when the staff is dismissive of my requests I tend to eat elsewhere. There are lots of places to eat in Vegas.Went for brunch on a busy Saturday. We sat out on the patio but didn't wait too long (maybe 15 mins?.. 30 minutes? My sense of time in vegas is nonexistent) They do omelettes right! The eggs were nice and fluffy but nothing to write home about. Standard brunch fare. The coffee was also very good. And the whipped cream for the waffles. mmmmm.....Four stars for the food, but minus one whole star for the service.

I've had Mon Ami Gabi bookmarked for a while now, so I was extremely excited when we finally made plans to dine here on my latest and greatest trip. 

We were looking forward to the famous DIY Bloody Mary bar, but were unsure about how to put a Bloody Mary together. When we asked our server if he had a recipe for us or any recommendations on what to put in the Bloody Mary, he was extremely sassy and unhelpful. When the food arrived, we noticed that there was an extra order that wasn't for our table. Again, he was extremely sassy and kept insisting that someone in our party ordered it. If someone did order it, I'm not sure why we would be refusing it! 

Luckily, their delicious food kept this experience mostly positive. I had the ham and cheese crepe and the orange chocolate chip muffin. Both were absolutely delish and I even took half of my muffin to-go for the plane ride home.Wonderful French wine selections and the French onion soup is so yummy! Ask for outdoor seating after 3:00pm so you can enjoy the fountains at the Bellagio as you dine.In my opinion the food was good, the venue was excellent, and the service was below par.  A poor testimony to mandatory gratuities.

Don't get me wrong, the food here is above average and within our party of 5, nobody complained about the food.  I had Eggs Benedict and they were very good.  And, I just don't think you can complain about the venue; it is in a fantastic location and well maintained.  We've eaten here twice now & both of those things have been consistent.  And, for the location & quality of food, the price point is fair.

Ahh, but there is a catch.  Their service is poor.  The girls up front must be the manager's daughter's friends or something.  I stood there for over 5 minutes after our initial conversation before I got a response & then, only after I asked (for the 2nd time) where my party was going to be seated - and during that time, the only person to even come to the station was a person on the way out to make a quick comment.  I was early and on a mid-week day, so there wasn't a lot of traffic.

Turns out, they don't open the patio until about 9 am.  So the little girls at the front, had me sit at an inside table (even though I requested a patio table & was told it was 1st come / 1st serve & I was there at 8:45 & I told them the rest of my party would not be there until at or after 9 am).

When everyone arrived at about 9:05, they asked if we could sit outside, so I asked the bartender who to ask about that & he pointed me to the floor manager who arranged it.  This, of course was an unnecessary move, but whatever.  I left a good tip for the waitress who had served me coffee (only) and moved to the patio table.

Later, after I received my meal, I asked my waitress for a condiment & she seemed pleased to get it.  Later, when it had not arrived and my meal was getting cold, I reminded her again & she acknowledged that she had forgotten.  Yeah, I never got that condiment.

When I got the bill, an 18% gratuity was added to the bill.  Now, a couple of comments on that.  1st - the waitress told me the bill included the gratuity & that was fair of her - i've had that before, of course, but I do feel like they're trying to see if you're paying attention if they don't disclose it.  2nd - 18% is less than I typically tip for good service - but in this case, I would have tipped less, our server didn't deserve more, for sure & since I assume they share tips with the greeters, it surely would have been less.

So, in my opinion the food was good, the venue was excellent, and the service was below par.So I am not the type of person to ever write a bad review, but this was much needed. It was my first morning in Vegas and I was so excited to go to this restaurant for a good breakfast...I was VERY disappointed. 
The waitress was VERY sweet and helpful, so this review has nothing to do with the service. It's about the cleanliness.
The coffee mug that was at the table was stained with brown smudges on the rim, and I promptly gave it to the waitress who apologized and gave me a new one. I didn't even think anything of it until more was discovered.
The food came out VERY quickly which I was happy about BUT what I wasn't happy about was finding a black hair in my eggs benedict....I know it wasn't my hair cause Im very very blonde....
I didn't even touch that egg, the other egg was delicious.
My bf took a sip of his coffee and felt something weird on his tongue, he took it out and low and behold it was skin. We found more of it inside the coffee.
So after that we asked for the check and left.
I will NEVER go back there.
-Dirty cup
- Hair in food
- skin in coffee

GROSS.It's my birthday and I want mussels - Mon Ami Gabi has them and off we go on a very hot Sunday afternoon.  We immediately ask if we could sit outside, and the hostess is quick to tell us there is no shade whatsoever if we choose to sit out there.  (Hmm...it's like over a hundred degrees today!)  So, we decide to sit inside, but as we are headed out, I notice a handful of people sitting in the blazing heat and we decide to go for it.  Smack dab in the middle of the patio and perfect for people-watching!

It's a quick peek at the menu and we're set to go!  Waters arrive shortly, along with warm French baguettes and butter.  The bread and butter is SO good, and just so French!  Yum!

Our food soon arrives:
* Mussels Mariniere with frites ($21.95 full order) - Loaded with tons of onions, we start digging in.  One of my favorite things about eating mussels is the yummy sauce that comes with it, perfect for dipping warm French bread into!  What I don't like is finding the beard still attached to the mussel.  Sure, I can let one go.  But there were at least four mussels were I was spitting the beard out.  Yuck.  The frites are usually one of my favorite parts too, but I wasn't digging their version here.  It's more like deep-fried potato sticks

  * County Style Pate "cornichons, whole grain mustard, country toast" ($9.95) - The pate was just okay, nothing spectacular.  You take a piece of pate and put it on the country bread, and take a bite.  Have a cornichon too while you're at it.  But it wasn't something that transported me back to the French countryside.

Our waiter also forgot The Husband's Kronenbourg, which required a bit of reminding.

Service was good in the beginning with our water glass being filled often and more baguettes coming our way.  Then I think there was a shift change because all of sudden we were forgotten about and we had to wave the staff down for more water and our check.  We also noticed that we didn't get any kind of dipping sauce for our frites, but noticed other tables automatically got ketchup.  I would have been happy with mayo!

Overall, I guess I was expecting more - from the service and the food.  Everyone raves about this place, and I was left feeling underwhelmed.  The location is perfect, and if you sit outside, it's fabulous for people watching and the Bellagio water fountain show.  Perhaps I'll go again and further explore their menu.I don't get the hype on this place. The service was terrible, the food not that great, the view was blocked by pedestrians and trees. For the price, I expected better service and better food. Go to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery Cafe, where the food is good and cheap and the service was really great.The food was very good 

BUT 

Half way through our salad, our entree arrived. Felt very rushed.90% of my love for this place was the view. We were inside but next to the open wall so we could watch the water show the entire time. The service was great. For an app I got the steamed artichoke which was only ok b/c i didn't care for the sauce that was served, it was a lemon sauce and just tasted too bitter. The scallops were delicious but there were only a few so I left hungry. I would go again though esp for the view.My boyfriend and I came here one morning because it is one of the few breakfast places that looked appealing to us. 
This review is going to be short because there's not much to say.
Firstly, the only entrance is from the inside of the hotel, even though there is outdoor dining and it is facing the strip. There was no signage and it took at least five minutes just to find the entrance.
The options are as "American imagining French entrees" as it gets.
I know this place offers other meals of the day as well, but when a French restaurant has items mostly ranging only $10-$20, and the best-looking items are served at breakfast, that's a bad sign. 
The chicken and apple crepe I got for breakfast was average and a little too cheesy, but not in a good way. My boyfriend ordered a Benedict, and agreed that his was also average. 
Our server was also sort of snobbish, as if she was from France and that this was the best French restaurant in town and that we knew NOTHING about French cuisine. Yuck. Won't return.Overall, ok. Come for a nice view of Bellagio. I recommend sitting inside by the glass windows rather than outside, unless you want to squint while eating. 

FYI: Also breakfast ends at 11 on weekdays.French onion soup, complimentary bread, service are awesome. Highly recommend the soup.

The steak frites was disastrous. Took 40 minutes to be served. Ordered medium rare, but came medium well. Strange cut and texture. Fries were overcooked and were in fact more like chips, and very, very oversalted - overall inedible.i made reservations for late 4th of july dinner. we were seated quick, the restaurant looks nice, dim lighting, you get the view of the water fountain and the strip. we ordered the raw oysters, escargot , almond trout and the seared scallops. the oysters tasted good but were on the small side. the escargot was just ok. the almond trout tasted like something i could have easily made. really nothing special at all. the seared scallops were ok they were a bit on the cold side and were small. the food was just ok and it really is not worth the price at all. the service was ok.Service is good here but paying for cold food is not a plus.

As soon as I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict it was out within 2 minutes.
Even the server made a comment that "oh they must of had it waiting".  Wow-ok.

Everything was cold on the plate.  It was as if it was pre-made & sitting under a heating lamp that didn't work.  The muffin, the egg, and the sauce was cold.  The champagne with the pear & ginger added under the mimosas section was way too sweet.  They add a liquor vs a juice.  The side dish of fruit wasn't even filled up.
It had all of 5 blueberries, 2 blackberries, and 3 raspberries.  This was a sad display of food for a place that has so many 5 stars.  I could be picky, expecting my food to be warm.....

Overall $40 for this was not worth it for a cold breakfast.3rd time was not a charm . . . . .

Finished a conference in LAS, was nearby and needed lunch. Have eaten midday in the past with good results.

Table for 1? - greeted with dysfunction, a 40 minutes wait  and poor attitudes,, bypassed the greeters and I  went to sit in the bar and it was full, though surrounded by  lots of open tables?

Round 2 - seated when pressed with the situation, was that so hard?
waited, waited, waited, waited, waited,

Ordered the skate wing, 20 minutes later oops, apologies that it was taken off the menu yesterday, when the chef didn't like the looks of the delivery. Ordered the London Broil Sandwich of the day.

Round 3 - Cold, poorly presented and clearly sat under the lights for too long. 
Should I complain or suck it up?  The ladies next to me were knee deep in arguing about their check and service . . . . 

Conclusion - Ate, paid, and left - probably won't return.Not much to say about the food. It was good not great. I've had better French. Portions were decent. I thought the onion soup was over priced. $10.95 for a cup and it was just ordinary, I could probably find a better soup at a diner. 
Why you should go, if you get a seat outside or window seat it's a nice view of the strip on street level. Also when the Bellagio has their fountain show, you'll get a great view. 
Service was great and very attentive.I expected more from this place for the price. One tip is to not order steak from here. I ordered the fillet and it was bland and too saucy. If you want great steak for the same price, go to Joe's! I do have to say that the fries were great! They are light and crunchy! If you like escargot, order it from here. I also liked the warm baguette they bring out!Worst Steak ever. 
Service was ok. 
View: amaizing. 
Never again!Meh...

I really don't see what all he hype is about. I completely agree with Sharon W. I think serious steak snobs...I mean regular steak consumers will not care for this place at all. Maybe I got an off day...still when you eat at a steakhouse that is well reviewed and not exactly cheap one should be allowed to have higher expectations...

I bookmarked Mon Ami Gabi and was looking forward to eating here for a quite some time. I wanted to treat my folks to a decent steak dinner. The service was just fine, but the food...not so much. 

We got the New York Strip, Bone-In Ribeye, the Filet Mignon Merlot, Sauteed Mushrooms,  the Ratatouille and 3 different glasses of wine; a Piont Noir, a Bordeaux and a Malbec. The Malbec was the best out of the lot, it paired better with the meats than the other two. We requested all the meat to be medium-rare. Everything came out medium...no rare at all, making the meat tougher. Nothing melted in you mouth...tough chewy...so disappointing! Not at all what I'm expecting from a steak house on the strip, especially one so well rated. I honesty think it was the cut of meat. The Ribeye was the best out of the three. The Ratatouille was the worst I had! I don't know if it sauce was old or just not prepared well, it tasted like it came form a can! If you love Ratatouille, do NOT get it here. The mushrooms were OK, definitely edible, but nothing to brag about. The best part of the meal was the bread and butter.

I am thoroughly heartbroken about my experience here...Our bill came to about $200...um I think I've eaten a better meal at the outback! Honestly you are much better off eating at the Paris Buffet. The cuts of meat there are just as good as a steak house and you get however much you want!It's easy to get caught up in thinking food (and other things) is better than it actually is when you're on Las Vegas Boulevard, particularly a French restaurant inside a French-inspired resort and casino (the Paris Hotel and Casino). I wasn't feeling impressed with the visit, and my girlfriend validated my thinking by not loving it, either.

We stopped in for brunch before our midday flight. Maybe I went into it with a negative attitude, since it was the end of mini-vacation. I went with a standard crepe because I didn't feel like thinking hard at all about what I wanted. I ordered a standard crepe, and a standard crepe is what I got. It was thoroughly standard and maybe even below the median. My girlfriend ordered the Croque Madame and was more impressed. Maybe actually try something besides a boring crepe if you're here.

Cementing in the 2-start rating for this place is the service and layout. Our server was maybe what you'd expect in Las Vegas; she wasn't engaging and acted like she'd partied hard the night before but wasn't hungover. The seating was obnoxious because we were extremely close to the table next to us. They were in town for some convention and all I could hear was the guy trying to hit on the chick. It was that kind of set up where there's one long booth bench with tables running parallel, and on the opposite side of the tables are chairs. Like at Le Fou Frog or The Cheesecake Factory in Kansas. I hate that seating.

Out of so many options on The Strip, I wish we'd gone somewhere else now.

Food: 2/5
French inspiration: 1/5
Service: 2/5The atmosphere here is spectacular, especially with a view of the Bellagio fountains, but the food just did not live up to all of the hype. The meal started off with some nice sangria, a delicious baguette, and french onion soup, but went slightly downhill.

Frangria - If they're known for sangria, I am going to try it, and this place delivered on it. It was nicely sweet with all of the fruit bits soaking in it but still strong enough. I just wish it was a bit cheaper.

French Onion Soup - This was the standout of the meal. It had plenty of onion flavor and a huge helping of Gruyere cheese! I actually really loved this and another bonus is that it's huge. It definitely feeds two people, no problem. 

Steak Bearnaise - The steak was chewy to the point that both the bf and I had to spit out a couple of pieces. The Bearnaise was actually cold, and from my understanding, it is supposed to be served room temperature. It wasn't very flavorful either. The frites that came with them were unexpectedly thin, but quite good. They reminded me of those little fried potato matchsticks you can buy in a tin from supermarkets. Ahh childhood nostalgia.  

Sea Scallops (entree) - I had actually ordered the appetizer version, with caramelized fennel and onion marmalade, but they mixed up my order and out came the entree with butternut squash puree and brussels sprouts. The scallops were cooked very well but everything else on the plate was not great. Perhaps this is because I'm not a fan of brussels sprouts. Also, the butternut squash puree was light and not an overpowering flavor, but again, didn't enjoy it so much.

The staff here was wonderful and thankfully they didn't charge me extra for the mix up. The waitress did ask if I wanted to send the scallops back for the actual appetizer but I thought I would give the entree a shot. I must say I regret that a bit.  

I may give this place another shot in the future, but for now, my only recommendation for this place would be the bread, french onion soup, and sangria. Also, make a reservation ahead of time as this place can be pretty busy.My friend has been wanting to come here for a while, so we made it for brunch this last Saturday. It was my first visit to the Paris hotel and casino, but it wasn't hard to find the restaurant since it's large and has a patio right on the strip. Our reservation for 5 was accommodated despite being late for our reservations. The waiter was a little quiet and hard to understand at times, and didn't really check up on us. 

Since we were having brunch, I decided on getting a Bloody Mary that you fix yourself at the bar. I've never made my own at a restaurant before, so the idea of it was fun but mine didn't turn out as good as I expected. I wish they had more garnishes instead of just celery, olives and peppers. 

For food, we started with the escargots which were pretty good. I also had the classic quiche and I thought it tasted fine, but not something I would care to return for. My boyfriend's steak frites was the best dish I sampled. I liked the crispy fries a lot. The temperature of the steak was a bit overdone though.Very casual and good service.
Quality of food and price are not so great.
Of course, it is Las Vegas!
Still I think its price is too high.
- Service: 4/5
- Location and Atmosphere: 4/5
- Taste: 3/5
- Price: 2/5went for my birthday. The indoor patio had the ac so high i was shivering (it was 8:00 pm on a day where it had been in the 110's outside)... it also made our food COLD pretty quickly.  I had the FILET MIGNON MERLOT.  The sauce was great, but the filet mignon did not make the cut.  It was more like a piece of round roast... I'm pretty sure that's what i got, or it felt like that's the kind of cut i received.  I'm being honest here.

Our waitress was also judgmental.  and not the best servant. perhaps because we didn't go for an expensive wine.  Also we had our cameras with us... so we probably looked like tourists... nonetheless service was DISMAL!  I AM UPSET ABOUT THAT.

My grilled had the New York Strip Steak... it was tender and juicy, the bordelaise sauce was good.

The indoor patio VIEW evened things out because of the beautiful view out to the bellagio fountains!Not as great as is made out to be. 6 guests (18 % mandatory gratuity) ordered different items. Luckily we had all gorged ourselves on the baguette and butter that the relatively small portions of the sandwiches did not bother as much. Sandwiches were OK but not deserving of 4 or 5 stars. Same with the salads.We made reservation and were seated immediately. The waitress was a little odd. She asked if we have any question on the menu. I started asking her about the steak frites. One of the option was pink peppercorn and I ask her what's in it. She said it the pepper and showed me the pepper bottle. Hmm, I know what's peppercorn is but my question is what's in it. Also, she left us to chat somewhere else and we have to waive to someone else to get the check. On side note, coffee and water were refilled. She did not picked up the glass to refill it. Ahh, it's okay .. the water from the side jug was dripping to my frites. Anyway, the food was okay. The steak was more welldone than my medium liking. The frites were awesome. My honey Gabi fish was a luttle on the dry side. But the frites were sooo good!3 out of 5 stars....

What is the point of making you make a reservation if you still need to wait 20 to 30 minutes for a table?

We actually visited this place 2x during our trip. Once for brunch and once for a proper breakfast.  

Seafood platter for 2 was amazing.  You get one whole lobster, 4 oysters,  4 jumbo shrimps, a salmon ceviches,  and various dipping sauces.

Endive salad was tasty. It's light and refreshing.  
Goat cheese salad was very decadent. 
Salmon salad was straightforward.  

All the dressing on the salads were well balanced and lightly tossed. 

I know this is a popular destination for people, but I didn't appreciate being rushed when I was trying to decide what I wanted to drink, eat, or how fast I was going to eat and leave. Where is the hospitality?A roulette dealer told me that the food quality in Vegas restaurants has really gone downhill, perhaps due to the rising meat prices. I came here in 2010 and had a lovely steak dinner. This time around I pondered trying something else so I inquired about the scallops. The waitress highly recommended them so I went for it. My friend ordered the chicken grand mere. Bread came promptly and was quite good, accompanied by whipped butter. We sat outside on a Tues early evening under a heat lamp and enjoyed the people watching. It was early enough to get a seat outside (around 6 I believe) as by the time we left the once-empty inside was full. Sadly my scallops, all four of them, arrived cold and were chewy and very bland. The squash purée was a cool temperature and there were only about five brussel sprouts on my plate. Good thing I'd eaten a lot of bread. I sent back the scallops and was told they'd be reheated. The waitress and busboy were very nice and caring. I have nothing bad to say about the service other than the waitress's bad call on the scallops. I was offered a complimentary refill of my rose champagne as I waited for my meal. Meanwhile my friend was pretty happy with his chicken but not in amazement by any means. It was juicy and was a good amount of chicken. Potato purée was tasty as were the roasted garlic and onions. Just don't expect very much of the sides. Scallops came back to me warmer but I had zero love for them. I ate them because I was hungry. They really really needed some kind of sauce. I think I know what rubber soles taste like now. It was my birthday and I was given a profiterole which was tasty. The two meals with two glasses of $11 champagne (not counting my complimentary one) plus tip came to $112. Disappointing since I'd felt like I had to force myself to eat the scallops. No enjoyment at all. Like several other places i revisiting on this trip after great experiences in 2010, I'm crossing Mon Ami Gabi off my list and will search for more consistently good places to patronize.Was lazy in planning and didn't make reservations in time for anyplace better.  First time visit here for me, last Saturday night.  

Food was just okay, especially considering the prices.  I guess you're paying for the view of the Bellagio fountain across the street.Food was just ok and took 45 minutes to get. With so many good places to eat in Vegas I wouldn't return.Always a reliable go to in Vegas. Their Baramundi over grilled asparagus was excellent, not a regular on the menu. Normally comes with a chickpea puree; however, I'm not a big fan of chickpea puree so I asked for the grilled asparagus and the wait staff was so nice to accommodate.One of my regular outdoor brunch spots in Vegas.  Their outdoor patio is awesome for a relaxing brunch while watching the fountain show.  
I like their crepe dishes and their soup is ok too.  Their mussels were very delicous at one point, but very disappointed when I was there last time.  I would give them 3.5 stars because of the inconsistency in their food quality.  I would still go there for my brunch, but without my high expecations in their food quality.Had a nice dinner here with the manfriend and all of his staff.  The service was ridiculously slow...like we got in at 6:30 and left at 9:00 slow.

We ordered a seafood platter and the best thing was the ahi tuna salad and seaweed salad.  AMAZING. I could eat those all day.

I had the scallops and they were ok...nothing too spectacular.

The bread is AMAZING!!! So warm and soft.

I would give it another try but maybe for brunch.

The view is nice.  We sat out on the patio and had a great view of the fountain.Went here with friends for lunch on Monday afternoon. The patios is nice to sit at. The food was average at best. I had the chicken crepe which was ok but was lacking in flavor.  Also had the profiteroles for desert, and they were disappointing. The puffs were chewy and stale. Was expecting more. Disappointing.Written from weekend brunch experience--

[WAIT TIME/SEATING]
There was a line out the door for tables, but because there is so much seating indoors and outdoors, the wait wasn't too long. I've heard this place gets crowded for dinner so I suggest making reservations. Like I said, there's plenty of seating, but I recommend sitting outside because you get a beautiful view of the Bellagio water show!

[GRATUITY]
There was an 18% gratuity charge for my table of 5. I originally came with a group of 10 and we split into two separate groups to avoid the longer wait if we all sat together.

[SERVICE]
Waitress came to take our drink orders and food orders, but that was about it. She didn't come to check up on us and we had to wave two people down to ask for the check. There were waiters walking around constantly that came and refilled our waters and made sure that we had everything we needed, though!

[FOOD]
Love love LOOOVEE the bread and butter. You can ask for more if you run out!
I ordered the blueberry french toast that came with a blueberry sauce and whipped cream. Really loved the whipped cream, but the blueberry sauce was way too sweet for me.
My friend ordered the corned beef hash that came with a side of hash browns and it was the best dish at our table. My group also ordered the salmon eggs benedict, seared salmon, and steak. 
The poached eggs for the benedict was a little over-poached, so there was no yolky-goodness that everyone enjoys seeing. Not sure how the salmon and steak were.

Overall, price isn't too bad for a fancier restaurant, but I was not satisfied with brunch. Will consider coming again for dinner, maybe!Location great, food superb
Bar service stinks 
They have a bartender by the name of Angie, that negotiates and sells the seats at the bar, even though Peter , one of the managers personally confirmed to me that seating at the bar was first come first serve
That bartender was rude, and out of place, very bullish
When I complained to Peter the manager, his remedy was a couple of free glasses of merlot.
I didn't complaint to get free wine , but for other patrons not to have to go thru the humiliating moment that Angie, the bullish bartender made me go thru
Evidently they have  some rotten employeesI don't get all the hype. The place is just ok. Not bad, but I guess I had really high expectations.Wish I could say, it was packed because of the quality of the food.

Restaurant is right on the strip, in front of Paris, and facing the bellagio fountains. It's all about location, location, location! 

Our party of four came on a saturday night for dinner. Of course it was a full house. We were told it would be an hour wait for inside & an hour and a half for outside. Since it was getting late we opted for whatever was fastest. Thankfully we only waited roughly 45 mins & we were even seated outside :) YAY lucky us!

Tables and seating arrangements were really narrow. Complimentary bread was pretty yummy - your typical french bread. Except they gave butter and this interesting shredded carrot spread. Oddly enough, it was actually quite good with the bread. LOL!

I ordered the steak classique with maitre d hotel butter. ($23.95), which is a large thin cut of steak with an herb butter sauce. It was good but nothing outstanding. The meat was a large piece, but thin so when asked for medium, it was more medium well to well done. The fries that accompanied it were overfried & overly crispy.  

The rest of my party wasn't too impressed as well. They got the filet mignon, steak bordelaise, and scallops. Our table rated the scallops as the best thing that night.

Ambiance was nice, romantic, but over crowded so it kinda killed the romance. Service was just okay. Kinda had to ask for refills on bread & soft drinks. They were good about refilling water though. Best thing about the place is sitting outside on the patio watching the bellagio show while eating. Would I go back? Surprising to say but probably not. I could have ate better quality & more at a buffet for the price.Really adorable restaurant with a great view of the Bellagio fountains if you're sitting in the right place.  Food was decent but not amazing or memorable.

They start you off with a warm loaf of bread, cold butter, and a carrot "salad" that was supposedly compliments of the chef for the evening.  Unfortunately, it all looked better than it tasted.  Didn't even bother finishing the bread.

The steak frites were good, but what is up with the potato chip frites??  I'm all for thinly-sliced fries, but that was just ridiculous.  

Also tried their butternut squash & chestnut soup as well as the french onion soup.  Both were good but not great.

All that plus a beer and ginger-peach tea = $68 pre-tip.  Not terrible for Vegas, but I don't know if I'd be back.  Shame, as I had rather high expectations for this place.Their food here is really quite good, however their customer accommodations are not so great. Hence the 3 star rating. We've been here numerous times and the food and service are both nearly perfect every time. However, accommodating customers in their very tiny bar (or the back bar, which is also small and often quite busy)while waiting for the remaining members of your party is a bit cramped and they won't budge on policy at all. If you're entire party is not at the host desk they won't seat you, even if you're just waiting for the elderly members of your party to walk through the casino to get to the restaurant. While I do understand their policy to some degree, I wish they had a, "if the majority of your party is here we'll seat you" policy instead. The food here is worth a little wait though, as they really do strive to be authentically french in sin city. Great steak and fish dishes, a good variety of wines to choose from and wonderful desserts make this a place worth visiting twice! Also, their porch makes for great people watching right in the heart of the Las Vegas strip!My boyfriend took me here and it looks nice and the servers are nice but the food was lackluster for the price. I got the special which was swordfish with sautéed spinach and he got steak and mashed potatoes. The steak was wimpy and over cooked in general and the swordfish was okay but it left me wanting more not in a good way. We both had gotten waters so when they check came out to $85 I was quite surprised. We ended up eating at some Mexican place a few short hours later because there was just no substanceI was so excited to have a nice dinner in vegas with my friends while on vacation.  I already researched the menu and knew what i want to get but when i got there I wanted to taste much more.  I ordered the smoked salmon on a brioche with creme fraiche, a goat cheese salad and then split the filet with hand cut pomme frites with a friend.  The one thing that was really good was my wine and they didn't make it!  I am pretty sure this elusive brioche was wonder bread with the crust cut off, the goat cheese salad was more bitter greens then anything else and the filet was overdone.  You ma ask how can you go wrong with pomme frites?! well they tasted like French's fried onions that you put on top of green bean casserole.  not good. I didn't even order the chocolate mousse i had previously been dreaming about.  Shame on you mon ami.....you are not my friend.I have not been to Mon Ami Gabi for about 10 years.  I don't remember it being too great, but I thought I would give it another try last week.  I was traveling in Vegas for work, and having dinner solo that evening.  I went in around 8:30pm and sat at the bar.  The first thing I noticed was the numerous servers standing around, and just chatting with each other.  They were definitely overstaffed.

I got the bartenders attention, and ordered a glass of Bordeaux.  I was bothered that she served it to me in a small white wine glass.  I noticed that other patrons were served in Bordeaux glasses, but she elected to just quickly give it to me.  She even opened a new bottle, and did no offer me a taste.

This was basically how the entire meal went for me.  I was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, and she definitely gave the attention to an older gentleman wearing a suit at the end of the bar. I usually don't weigh service as an issue at restaurants, but I do take offense when I am ignored for wearing a t-shirt, or if nobody says goodbye to me when i leave.  I definitely had an experience with both of these at the restaurant.

To eatm I had the filet and a side salad.  Both were mediocre, and nothing fantastic.  If I was rating the food alone, this would be a 3 star dinner.  However, the service clearly makes me drop Mon Ami down by at least a star.  In my opinion, for the price, 2 stars is very generous.  I suggest passing and trying another french bistro (Bouchon or DB Brasserie).I am giving it two stars only because the waitress was so nice. The food, however, was far from stellar. My husband and I went for a late dinner for our anniversary.  A french steak house so of course we ordered steak. I had the calssique, a strip steak, medium rare. My husband had the hangar steak, also medium rare. Mine was so thin I could almost see through it. My husbands was almost blue, it was so rare. Both steaks were chewy, not fatty chewy, just chewy. My hands hurt trying to cut mine. The bottle of Pinot Noir we shared was the best part of the entire meal. The most disappointing meal of our entire stay.I made the reservation and noted it's for the 7 star player's birthday.
But the whole service was poor and fell below my fair experiences here in the past and upset my first-timer guest. 
The hostess is new and never wore a smile on her face, no greetings and NO conversations on the way to our table. I asked her the information about the seats, and she told me she is new, so she doesn't know. Not Helpful staff at all.
The server was slow that we had to ask for refills every time for the coffee and beverage. The tuna burger was dry and very fishy.
Most people come here to enjoy the strip view and Bellagio water show. The tourists next to our tables asked the sever the time of water show, and his answer is he doesn't know. Not Helpful staff again. 
And there was neither surprise nor a simple "Happy Birthday" from the staff.
I doubt I will come back here again.Please note that this review if for December 3rd. 
My wife and I decided to try Mon Ami Gabs for lunch. We both had the Trout Almondine, excellent! We liked the restaurant and the service so much we came back for dinner after the concert. My wife had the Casareccia Pasta and I had the Classique steak. Not sure how the food came out as fast as it did. My steak was excellent so why the 3 stars? Well, to say that my wife's pasta was uneatable would be a drastic understatement. The truffles were so salty that I (a salt lover) could not eat the dish. So we shared my steak. Accidents happen so the review is not for the salty pasta, no it is for the server and manager. If we had not had the excellent lunch and my steak then this would have been a one star review. As a restaurant owner I do not like giving (or receiving) bad reviews. That is why I have taken so long to post this one. All would have been ok if the server would have cared just a little bit when I brought my concern to her attention. I asked for a manager (because I wanted to treat them as I would like to be treated, that is let them know that if my wife's pasta was way too salty then others may be also) and she simply turned her back and walked away. I paid and on our way out addressed my concerns with who I believed was the manager. It may just be Vegas, but I have never had such a "I don't give a sh.." attitude from a server or manager. Too bad since over all the food was great. We will not be back.I love this place and have been coming here for years. I love coming for brunch and dinner. But, I made a reservation 2 months ago and when I got here I was told I had to be put on a waiting list to sit outside. I was told the waiting time was 1-1.5 hours. It took over 2 hours to be seated outside. The only reason I wanted to sit outside was to see fireworks which never happened because we waited over 2 hours to be seated. I was told by the manager that this year (2015) I wouldn't be able to see any of the fireworks bc they weren't being set off the rooftops of the casinos but only by the pool areas. At around 9pm, while still waiting for a table I saw the fireworks outside and clear as day. I will never make a reservation or come here on the Fourth of July again in the future.Great view but nothing more. Don't bother telling your waiter/waitress how you like your steak cooked because the less-than-half-an-inch thick slice of beef will come out well done regardless. Salmon salad is only as good as what you'd get at a fast casual lunch joint. Wine by the glass super mediocre. Don't waste your time and money! Go finer, or cheaper.--General
Great place! The location is awesome, you get a perfect head-on view of the Bellagio which is a gorgeous view. Reservations may be hard to find, but if you manage to snag one for dinner then you can have water shows goin the whole time you eat.

Classy, friendly, comfortable atmosphere. Definitely ask for patio seats, or at least in the back. Especially with weather in Vegas always being so sunny and warm.

Price was manageable, especially if you consider the fact that you're on the strip.

--Food
The food is good. We went for brunch and I got the Eggs Benedict. I've definitely had better, but it was still a great meal. Their steak frites seem to be the most popular dish, so if I came back I would definitely try those.Steak wasn't cooked the way I asked. And it was super thin like paper. It still tasted good and everything. But there was barely any red when I cut into it. Red is where the flavor's at, yeah?!

Came with some really small fries. But they were really small so they didn't really have any potato taste. It was like eating pure crunch texture. So texture wise, it was wonderful but there wasn't any flavor to get my mouth watering.

Great atmosphere though. Wonderful decorum, as expected of a Vegas restaurant. But skip this place, dine at the Eiffel Tower restaurant and get a spectacular view.

Or better yet, head over to Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood next door for a cheaper alternative and an equally delicious sandwich. =)Ehhh. Nothing fantastic. Pretty average. 
Eggs Benedict - nothing fab about them. 
Seems to be a tourist trap. I prefer to look for local joints off the strip.Mon Ami Gabi was right next door to our hotel, and we were starving so we gave it a try.  The interior and exterior is beautiful.  Although it's a French joint, I ordered a bacon cheese burger of all things.  I have to say it was cooked perfectly and was very tasty.  I liked almost everything about Mon Ami Gabi.

The one thing I didn't like, was our frat boy server.  I think he though the was being witty, but he was really just rude.  He kept poking at someone in our party who did not want to order food, and it was a bit annoying.

Our table happened to be next to the beverage station, and I overheard him talking to other servers, and literally yelled at them to speak English instead of Spanish.  Yes right in front of the customers.  I thought it was totally disrespectful and uncalled for.  It kind of ruined my experience.  The service itself was fine, but I don't think I'll go back.I guess people come here to eat outside and view the Bellagio Fountains across the way. Maybe we had an off-night... but the food was terrible, tasteless and tough meats. Service was OK.. atmosphere very good.. but food, yuk and expensive. The French onion soup (which you would think would be good in a French Restaurant) was so salty we could barely eat it and it was mostly bread, and not the good kind...
ugh.We went here many years ago and had fond memories. So we went back last week and the quality had gone down. It was just too crowded and food was mediocre at best.If you like bad customer service that everybody are in a rush to get you money and kick you out and if you like paying overprice price for mediocre food that this is the place to goGreat breakfast menu and view of the strip.  We did not get to sit outside but close enough.  I wasn't feeling well so I only ordered coffee and the crossiant sandwich.  The coffee was not very good considering it was French.  Very watered down.Came here for lunch and had a prime steak sandwich and the boyfriend had their steak. Per him the steak was very good. My sandwich was a 3 stars. It was more quantity than quality. The meat was chewy and a tad thicker than my liking on a sandwich. I only had half of it. The menu was also rather small. I say come here if you want cheap steak and fries.  Look at the menu before coming. I would come back only to check out their breakfast.I have been wanting to eat at MAG rest ever since I drove by it back in the days, finally we decide to eat here for Valentine's weekend since we were in town. We are seated in the Pavilion which was really nice and fun (very romantic too), reminds me of Dubai restaurants. I ordered the french onion soup which I am dying to try; it was very good, but I honestly don't think it was the best I have had, maybe it was my cup, but there was really a lot of cheese, I mean do not get me wrong, I LOVE CHEESE, but there was almost more cheese than onion broth!!!! I swear I could feel my thighs expand with each spoon of cheesy soup!!! For lunch entree I had the Warm chicken & Bree sandwich which was OK!! nothing out of the ordinary. My husband ordered the cream of mushroom (i think thats the name) which was delicious. And for lunch he had the Quiche Lorraine which was really really really buttery. My husband is not a difficult man to please when it comes to food. He never leaves a plate with food on it.  Today was the first time seeing him barely touch his plate! I am not sure if it was the eggs or the butter or the crust being even triple buttered as well, it just was not good! You can say that I am a harsh critic, but my God my husband didn't finish it!!! I could not even swallow the bite I tried!!!! I had high hopes after reading all the yelp reviews! I wish it was better, maybe the steak would have been a safer order which was his original thought but poor thing he figured he would try something different!!! LOVE THE BREAD STICK though and the atmosphere.Met the familia in Vegas for Xmas reunion and picked this spot for our Xmas dinner. Made a reservation for 9 ppl way in advance (thankfully since they were not taking walk ins till past 10 pm!). 

I never understood why restaurants refuse to sit a group until the whole party arrives. My PIL got a little lost and so we were seated a tad late but at least they didn't give up our table! ^_^

Our server Sarah was excellent and the bussers were great too. Food came out pretty steadily after we ordered. The food came in massive portions and are very well priced! 

I tried:

Fries - most of the mains came with their house cut fries that were more like potato chips! Crispy and quite addictive.
Crab Cakes - Not very good at all, mushy and blah...
Escargot - Very good
Duck Confit - Great flavours but not a confit, the skin was not crispy and fat was not rendered off.
Steak Classique - Steak was a little grizzly, the butter compound was delicious
Steak Bernaise - Steak was tough and chewy, bernaise was OK but a bit broken.
Roast Chicken - very good.
Rib eye - Seasoned very well, cooked to right temperature but grizzly
Salmon - Tad overdone but the spinach was amazing
Cod (Fish of the day) - Very good and cooked well
Scallops - Best dish of the night, even with the sweet butternut squash puree it was good.
Crepe - Good
Creme Brulee - blah...
Profiteroles - meh..

Not so descriptive since I pretty much tried every dish on the table (my family is great like that!!).My parents took my sister and I here for dinner before heading to the show across the street. We sat inside instead of out on the patio because it was a pretty chilly night. I had the skate wing. It was cooked so it was a little golden brown. I enjoyed the subtle crunch when I bit down. The chewy texture on the interior was interesting. Not bad but not spectacular. Next time I'll come with a date, order steak frites, and sit out on the patio to enjoy the fountain show.More like 3.5 stars. 

The restaurant had a great view and ambiance. Me and my boyfriend decided to eat outside to enjoy the water fountain show in front of the Bellagio. The waiter was nice and courteous. I ordered the steak bordelaise and french onion soup. Steak and frites were delicious. French onion was too salty for my taste. 

It would have been four or five stars if they hadn't started turning off heat lamps 20-30 minutes before closing. They left one heat lamp on for the table with more people.  We started getting really cold and rushed to finish our food to get back to the hotel. No waiter came outside, so I could ask if they could turn on a heat lamp. Until we stopped eating and waited for the tab, then a waiter showed up.

I might return, and try something else if I stop by Vegas again. First impression of the place was somewhat a turnoff.Had dinner reservations for a Thursday evening at 7pm, and checked earlier in the week with the host about availability for the patio. Upon instruction we arrived prior to our 7pm reservation, and were put on a waiting list for a patio table. Our wait was maybe 20 minutes (but I'm sure it's longer later in the evening and/or on weekends). Our table was not right on the edge of the fence which is probably best if you don't prefer to be very close to people walking by. I had really hoped that the view of the Bellagio fountain show would have been better. I knew it wasn't going to be great, but I forgot to take into account how many times buses and those ridiculous call girl advertisements go by. You can faintly hear the music, but overall if you want to see the fountain show don't plan on seeing it from MAG. Even though it was probably 90 degrees outside it was still very comfortable on the patio. I'd hate to see their electric bill, but from our table we could easily feel the air conditioning from the building. Our waiter was nice but not overly chatty. Even though we know it is just the French style the complimentary baguette was way too hard for my husband's taste, and it unfortunately went to waste for us. We ordered two of their steaks (Bordelaise and Roquefort) and thought they were okay. Their steaks are very thin cuts of meat so cooking them to temperature seems difficult. Their signature 'frites' were good, but not exactly what I would go out of my way to order to go with a steak. For dessert I had the chocolate mousse and my husband had the strawberries briand. They were both delicious and by far the best part of our meal. The strawberries for the briand were perfectly ripe and such a nice clean dessert after something like steak. Since it was my birthday our waiter even brought a little creme puff with an ice cream center with a candle. Such a lovely gesture and nice ending to our meal. Overall it was a fine meal, but just not quite our style. I think next time we would like to do breakfast instead since we have heard great things about their menu options.I was immediately turned off from Mon Ami Gabi because of the cool, indifferent service. Ok, I get it. Youre a "French" restuarant and the French have a rep for being snooty, but get a grip Mr. Waiter, sir. Youre from friggin Fresno not Paris! Ok...end rant. Their signature drink, the Mon Ami Margarita is great. I would have ordered more than one if our waiter  decided to come back and check on us within a reasonable time frame. 

The food is okay. I really didnt have anything that stood out for me. The mussels were good but a distant second to how enjoyable I found their margarita. But here is where Mon Ami Gabi gets ridiculous. We ordered french onion soup. It was GROSS. What the hell?! Its french onion soup. Youre a french themed restaurant. All the baked Gruyere cheese in the world couldnt have saved that soup. Id eat my hand if you put enough cheese on it, but no way would I eat this soup.  My entree was the roasted chicken with mushrooms and frites. The chicken was very flavorful albeit quite dry but the frites were really good. 

If you decide you must eat here sit on the patio, watch the Bellagio fountains ,get a mon ami margarita, and fill up on your frites.Great place for breakfast, great service always aware of their surroundings. Across the street from the Bellagio hotel a short walk to get your blood flowing in the morning.Not bad. Was expecting more. The food was not that good - had the mussels. Have had better. Not worth it at all if you sit inside. Outside you are paying for the view. The wine is goodWhenever we're in Vegas, we have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi, our favorite restaurant in Vegas.  We were there for Thanksgiving dinner this year and had an outstanding turkey dinner. So, knowing that turkey was again on the menu and we would be in Vegas for Christmas, we happily made reservations at Mon Ami for 6:30 PM on Christmas Day.  
With reservations, the wait is minimal.  And, so it was this Christmas Day.  We were seated by a window overlooking the famed Bellagio Water Fountains.  We settled in for a romantic dinner.  The server, who (and I kid you not) was the spitting image of Flo from the Progressive car insurance commercials.  She flew by and said, "We're out of turkey."  Huh?  How can you be out of turkey at 6:30 PM on Christmas Day? We had much a much later reservation on Thanksgiving and there was plenty of turkey then.  
When the server returns, we tell her how disappointed we are about the turkey.  We were looking forward to their excellent turkey dinner for Christmas.  She didn't apologize. She shrugged and asked for our order.  We asked for a couple more minutes and it was obvious by the look she gave us that she wasn't happy with us.
We decided to have appetizers (oysters for me, salad for hubby) and split a steak with pommes frites.  After she took our order, we overheard another server telling his table about the evening's specials.  We then realized our server had never mentioned them to us.  
When hubby saw the manager, Constantine, walking by, he asked him to stop by our table.  We shared how disappointed we were not to have turkey on Christmas.  He profusely apologized and told us we had every right to be upset. he had already received complaints about running out of turkey.  He said someone in the back had not ordered enough turkey for the weekend.  He wanted to make it up to us when the check came.  
Hubby had asked for a glass of ice when he ordered his wine.  When the server came back with the appetizers, he reminded her that he still didn't have his glass of ice.  She promised to bring him one as soon as possible.  As she walked past me, I heard her say, "Christ!"  Finally, halfway through dinner, the glass of ice came.
After dinner, we asked the server to see the dessert menu.  I asked for coffee while we waited for the menu.  I got my coffee and we waited and waited.  Finally, she comes not with the menu but with our check.  When hubby reminded her that we wanted to have dessert, she said, "You said you didn't want dessert, only coffee."  Not wanting to argue, we asked for the menu again.  By the time it came, I was ready to leave.  Dinner was a big disappointment.  
Constantine, however, came through.  He gave us a 50% discount off our meal.  We thank you, Constantine.  You were a class act!  
Yes, we'll come back.  Their food is delicious and their location is perfect.  We're chalking the experience to an off night.  Every restaurant has one and unfortunately we were there for Mon Ami Gabi's.Came there for dinner with 2 friends before the concert. Had food a couple drinks. At the end asked to divide the bill three ways (33.33% each). When we asked for the bill I got the entire bill to pay (100%) and both of my friends got half of the entire bill (50% each). So at the end that place billed us twice for dinner probably thinking that we would not notice. When we asked for explanations manager told us that it's an "unintentional error by the cash register". Not that I expected him to tell us that they wanted to steal our money, but blaming the machine is also not a good idea as waiters are supposed to check what they input there. Does this place get audited/inspected? Curios how often they have those "unintentional error by the cash register".We ordered steak, sea scallops, oysters and mussels. The food was OK, but not out of this world. We waited almost 2 hours. We have had much better food than this. But more than the food alone, we enjoyed our dinner in the patio watching the fountain show at Bellagio. Perfect location for a romantic dinner and people watching. French waiter was also entertaining to interact with.This is a mixed review. First the setting. We were there in June (hot), but we got a table on the patio in front of the open windows. The AC inside was working well, and our table felt like a cool breeze was blowing. Very nice view of the Bellagio fountains. Basically a perfect setting for a patio on the strip. 

Now for the food. We ordered the onion soup. A big bowl. Very sweet. Maybe we should have added a little salt. I liked it. Wife was "meh". 

We both got steaks. Wife got filet. I got the NY Strip. We ordered medium rare, and both came medium (or a little more--no pink). I was OK with that, but my wife sent it back. Waiter came back with a totally rare steak! I mean pretty much raw from about 1/4 in to the middle. We asked for a medium rare steak, so sent it back again. Waiter came back with a medium steak. Ug. I was halfway done, so my wife decided to eat it. It was good, but not what she ordered. We chose to stop complaining since we didn't think it would do any good.

At any rate, I recommend the place, but check your steak when you get it. If it comes wrong, send them ALL back since you want all your food to come out at the same time. Ask for the manager too, maybe at least they can comp you the food. We should have done that.Service here was five stars and we had a five star view on the balcony for a six o'clock dinner.  This review however is for the food.   We expected higher quality for the food.   We started out great.  Warm bread and butter.   Who doesn't like that?

Main course was very average.   Hubby ordered steak and frites medium.  It came out medium rare.  We were in a rush so didn't have time to ask for more temperature.   For a steak restaurant I expected the temperature to come out right the first time.  

I had the trout dinner.  It was bland.  I was full but not really impressed.  This restaurant has a great location and we enjoyed the view and the water fountain show but the food was just so so.   Food quality and taste is core to my experience and therefore only 3 stars.One star because there's no option of no star. This is a place that leaves a bad taste starting from the hostess. It was a nice 1/3 Friday noon that one thinks it must be nice to sit at a patio overlooking the Strip people traffic. There were at least 4 girls at the entrance (not sure if they all were hosts). Separate lines for patio versus inner sitting. When asked how long will wait be for patio "45 mins to an hour, sit inside no wait". OMG, rude! When I decided to sign up for patio, given a pager, "don't walk past the white bridge/stairs, and no outside coz no signal". Rude the second time. Finally it's my turn to be sitted. "Are all of you here yet? if not, you have to wait till all of you here" "My friend is not coming, just myself." Hostess face twitched. "Well, you'll have to wait for 1 person table" What is the difference between 1 or 2 person table. At that point, I decided to leave, no turn back.

It's true that Vegas the Strip is famous travel destination, but customers are not chopped liver, especially having to pay insane double to triple prices for mediocre food one can find in other metro areas. I'm done with Vegas, not coming back in several years. Or will not dine at the Strip!The atmosphere is pretty but the steaks were tough. Service was good. Bread, fries, and salad were good. Too bad the steaks were so disappointing.Steak and french fries...meh.  was expecting better.  The steak was not steakhouse "wow" but was solid.  The frites were fine.  Conceptually nice restaurant, but not surprisingly good.  No "wow" factor.Vegetable tagine is good but not great. Too much liquid and not enough spice variety. Too much celery and cilantro. Too Little couscous and it was large Israeli type instead of drier Moroccan type that absorbs sauce. One of the few vegetarian choices at the place. Good profiteroles for dessert.Let me start by saying we love the food, love the service, and love sitting on the patio at Mon Ami Gabis.  
Tonight, everything was as good as usual except sitting directly across from us was a young woman and her partner....she was in a bikini with a dirty towel wrapped around her waist.....really?  Have we finally sunk this low in Las Vegas that this is appropriate at a casual fine dining restaurant on the strip?
The best part was that I complained to the manager, through our waitress, and she suggested we could move.  We were appropriately dressed and we could move?   She didn't even come out to talk to us or check out the situation.....very unprofessional.  So she alienated locals who used to dine there 5-6 times a year to champion a 20 year old in a bikini and dirty towel who will probably never be back again.  
Smart.....very smart.....Omg I've been here twice i got food poisoning last Saturday and ruined my Vegas trip!EDIT: 5/3/13
ATTENTION ATTENTION!!!  The world of Yelp almost ended because I typed "prime rib" in my review instead of "bone-in ribeye".  oh noooooo!!!! I guess I did not remember the menu item because I did not order it.  There, there... it will all be ok... no need to attack me for that.

Original Review:

I was actually pretty disappointed with my dish here.  I've been wanting to try this restaurant for a long time.

My friend said the steaks were really good, so I knew I would definitely get a steak frites.  The server said the prime rib with bearnaise sauce was really good.  Instead of the prime rib, I opted for the steak with bearnaise sauce.

Now I'm no expert on bearnaise sauce, but I thought the one at Mon Ami Gabi had no flavor except for butter.  It just tasted like melted butter.  I was expecting more creaminess to it with more herbs and flavor other than butter...

The steak was very thin.  I tried a piece of the filet mignon merlot and it was much thicker and nicer.  However, my steak was too thin and I did not particularly enjoy it.

As for the fries... they were disappointing because they are cut like really thin strips, and they give you a lot!  But honestly to me, it felt like eating kettle cooked chips and crumbs from the bottom of the chips bag.  Not a fan of that, especially in a huge amount (lots of it went to waste).  I prefer thin fries which are crispy on the outside and with some potato texture on the inside.  Some other people in the group really liked the fries though.

The service was alright.  They were nice but they were handing out the wrong plates... come on now.

The complimentary bread was very good, freshly baked and crusty.  It was served with butter and a mixture of pickled shredded radish, apple and parsley.

I may come back to try other items on the menu, maybe for lunch.  Now I just know not to get the fries or the cheaper steak.Disgusting. It took forever to get our food, and when we did, I couldn't eat it. There was an egg shell in my Benedict. Never returning.I went to Mon Ami Gabi for my one yr anniversary. I was extremely disappointed. I specifically wrote on open table that it was my anniversary. There was no anniversary dessert at the end. When checking in, there was a sign that said "No T-shirt or no casual clothes" but EVERYONE there was wearing casual clothes! My husband and I were wearing proper dinner attire. The food was good, but not worth the price for it. You better just go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant if you want a classy dinner especially for special occasions.It's really 3.5 stars. Love the location: right across the street from the Bellagio Fountains so you can see the fountain shows Q15-20 min while you're enjoying your meal. The food on the other hand was so so .But then again, I got their onion soup, and perhaps I should have gone with something else, but my throat wasn't feeling so good so I decided to get something warm. The cheese was all clumped together as one huge chunk, and there was a large piece of bread stuffed inside the soup that was soggy. The soup itself tasted just ok, but slightly salty for my taste. The brie cheese with chestnuts was delicious, and I would definitely recommend it. 

However, I'm willing to come back to try more food from the menu, and you really can't beat the scenic view.For a place whose specialty is steak, I had the toughest bone-in rib eye I have ever eaten. Too bad, as the rest of the meal was pretty good but no excuse for shoe leather like steaks at a steak house! My wife's' filet mignon was done nicely and the sides were decent but I couldn't honestly recommend this place.This restaurant, located in the Paris, was just okay.  I had their breakfast a year ago, and it was really good (crepe pancakes). We had lunch this time, and I was underwhelmed. My French Onion soup was bland -- like beef broth poured on bread with melted cheese. My seafood crepe was way too salty. On top of the crepe were 3 shrimp and 2 scallops -- all were over grilled, making them tough and tasteless. The Bloody Mary was just not good. I always finish my drinks, but could not finish this one. I think I will choose the breakfast menu next time I go.I used to love this place- my husband and I have been to Mon Ami Gabi a few times before but won't be returning after tonight. The food quality has gone down and the service tonight was pretty bad. Our server was not at all friendly and only stopped by twice. Our food had cold French fries that were hard to chew so we asked for fresh ones...and the fries and French bread were the best part of the meal. My chicken was flavorless and dry (I could buy better roasted chicken at the store) and my mushrooms were sautéed so much they were burnt black. My husband could have bought a better burger somewhere else (He said Carl's Jr would have been better). They need new management and a new chef. :(Fantastic lunch spot with friends or your loved one. We were seated partly on the border of inside/outside the patio which was comfortable temperature wise with the a/c and outdoor desert heat. Their onion soup could of been hotter and arrived lukewarm at our table which made it difficult for the cheese on top to melt. Other than that, it was good and not too salty. The steak and frittes weren't very memorable nor was the crab cake. The view of the Bellagio fountains and people watching made up for the lunch quality.Wow, what a disappointment!!!!
I ordered the filet (their specialty) and it was cold and tasteless:( normally I don't care for any sauce on my steak, but the ketchup saved my meal...the frites were soft and room temp:(
My friends muscles were dried out and non-appealing. I could go on, but I have better things to do...the waiter was decent and the bread was above average.
Would not go back.We had lunch here with friends who were visiting. First, it was pricy...but expected, due to the strip location. The reason they get two stars is because the ambiance was lovely, service was just ok but the food quality was fairly lousy. The sangria was good as was the baguette they brought for appetizer. I ordered Quiche Lorraine (French Restaurant, right? Should be good). It was about 30 seconds from being burnt. It was so "well-done" the eggs were dried out. Portion was very small considering it came with about six potato chips on the side for $14 or $15. My husband ordered Macaroni Gratin. It was also dry and flavorless. He sent it back and ordered a hamburger, specified NO RAW ONIONS! It was cooked to order but raw onion on it and NO CONDIMENTS! The waiter dropped it and ran. Never came back to check on us. Finally had to grab another employee to get new lettuce and tomatoes that were contaminated by the onion and some condiments. Not in any hurry to go back.I was eating here as i have many times before when the waiter decided to close the parasol above us . We told him to stop as we were caught in the parasol and the wooden slat had hit me very hard in the head. He didnt stop and nearly knocked me off my chair . All whilst we were still eating our meal. We told the manager as my head was very sore and his answer to thia was he told you to watch out !. We had no where to go so how thia was possible i dont know. Will never eat here again .Do not get breakfast here. Maybe other meals ok.  Burnt toast & hashbrowns served cold.  People who think this is wonderful must eat at Denny's.OK, I admit I'm attracted to any restaurant styling itself a French Bistro, let alone at the Paris in Las Vegas. And when I'm famished, I go directly for my favorite French comfort food -- Steak Frites! Hence my visit to Mon Ami Gabi this week, where I took little note of anything else on the menu and ordered this house specialty.

At MAG, the signature "Steak + Frites" bears little resemblance to its ubiquitous French namesake, as it's a pounded, "triple tenderized" paillard of sirloin covering most of a steak platter and topped with crisp fried ribbons of potato that were difficult to eat gracefully. Amazingly, the chef managed to flash grill it to my specified "rare", but my steak knife really got a workout with the sinews throughout the meat. There was a tasty "amuse bouche" to start (with an extra serving offered by my stellar server Missy), a delicious mini-baguette that would delight most and a very nice wine list by both the glass and bottle.

The patio would always be my choice for dining here, weather permitting, and it's heated in season. With its view of Bellagio's Dancing Waters complete with audible music, this is a good spot for an enjoyable Las Vegas evening meal, but if I were you, I'd order something else. Most around me did and seemed to enjoy their choices. Bon Appetit.We went there because of the gluten free menu. It was good and I didn't get sick. However, it wasn't anything to ride home about. It was SUPER loud and the service was slow.I like the place - made the reservation through yelp's little iOS app. No issues getting in at the appropriate time, although i highly recommend getting an outdoor table instead of indoors. I actually would rate the food/ambiance four stars, but our waiter was really terrible. He seemed disinterested in providing any kind of service, had poor timing, and was very snooty when we didn't get a California wine. (70-1800 for one of those)

I had the Salmon, my wife had the scallops, and the actual food was quite good. I guess though, if i am at a 'spendy' restaurant, I expect the wait staff to at least be on 'spendy' level - this guy wouldn't have cut it as your waitress at Denny's.

And since the wait staff IS part of the dining experience, that is why they are dinged down to 3 stars, despite having great food and an overall pleasant atmosphere.The service was top notch, both the bartender and waitress were very accommodating.  The oysters were as fresh as the staff recommended, however the main course and desert were completely lackluster.  The steaks were barely adequate, and my date's filet was tough as cardboard.Not a bad meal, but recommendations from friends had me thinking this would be more of an event.

My wife had the mussels and fries, liked the mussels, hated the thin flat fries. I had the pate and the egg salad + salmon sandwich. Pate was pretty good, sandwich was disappointing. It also came with chip-like waffle fries that I didn't like.

Also shared a St. Germain drink w/white wine and club soda that was tasty, it appeared to be a standard St. Germain recipe.A decent inexpensive, moderately tasty off the strip bite with ambiance. The warm goat cheese appetizer is note worthy ;DMeeting up with friends for lunch, we stopped at Mon Ami Gabi Restaurant as it was close to another stop we were making. The other 4 were already there (coming from the Venetian) and I was on foot coming way down from the Luxor. Needless to say, I was holding up the crowd. The rest of the party could not be seated or put their name on the list until I arrived as well. When I finally did arrive, we were seated outside on the patio - which was a plus. Nice weather, good views - but the table was very small. Too small to crowd 5 people around. Inevitably, there was frequent bumping from people walking by on their way to and from their tables. 

I thought the service was a bit lower than expected. One guy came out to give everyone water. He filled up everyone's glass and when it came to mine there was only enough for 1/3 of a glass. Did he get more? No. So I drank it thinking it would be a sign to bring more - but it wasn't. We did receive two sleeves of baguettes. One saucer was filled with the olive oil for dinner and there were four other saucers for people to put their bread - except there were five of us. I had to eventually stop someone and ask for a plate. 

Looking over the menu I selected the Caesar salad. When everyone's plate was brought out everything looked so good. Another guy at our table ordered another kind of salad and it was huge - then mine came out. It was one of the smallest, most boring things I have seen ever: a few strips of lettuce, some cheese and a shard of bread - all for the nice price of $9. 

I could definitely do without a repeat visit here.Service was great when the restaurant was packed.  The portions were very small for the price and food was okMon Ami is all about location. We had an outside table looking directly at the Bellagio Fountains. That was nice and service was good.

But, as for the prices you pay for the food... I've had better and definitely prefer the lower scale places. My $35 strip steak was no better than the $7 strip steak I make myself at home. The portions could be bigger but you are paying more for presentation than quantity.this is hard to write since this is where we ALWAYS go for good food and beautiful ambience.  first, the ambience...wonderful setting.  We either sit on the patio or in the glass enclosed conservatory because on the hour and half hour, the fountains of Bellagio give a great show.
You truly feel as if you are in Paris in the restaurant.   Next, the food.... I ordered mussels.  Now, I love mussels.  Have eaten them whenever I see them on a menu.  these mussels were the FIRST time they weren't cleaned properly.  I ordered the half portion and about half of them still had the "beard" (that hairy little leg) on them ...that's a MUST to get rid of.  disgusting.  I showed them to the waiter who said nothing.  a good waiter would have suggested a replacement or taken it off our bill and I should have complained more  but, we will still go back to Mon Ami Gabi but next time I will only order the cheese plate!I made a reservation for 5 (two of my friends heard me) When we for there they had us down for 4. They WOULD NOT accommodate us by adding another chair to our table, even if it was their mistake.  The hostess was unapologetic and said we would have to wait 45 minutes for a table for 5. We took the table for 4 as we were going to see a show later.  My husband went to pick up the tickets and when he returned our waiter was very nice and prepared a place for him. We were able to secure an extra  chair from an adjacent table.  The front staff was rude and I could not believe the poor customer service! If the food was excellent I might have forgiven the rude greeting, but unfortunately the food was mediocre.  Only saving grace  was our waiter.My expectations were pretty low when I went for dinner at this place, I was ready for yet another disappointing tourist trap, as many exist in Vegas.
I was pleasantly surprised though.
The food, while not very refined, was tasty, and plenty.
The ambience was nice and cozy.
Still, I think it is a bit overpriced.
Overall I enjoyed it. I would have given it 4 stars based on the food, but the prices felt  excessive.Came here on a beautiful Saturday afternoon for a sit-down lunch on the strip. Regardless of where you're situated, there's a great view of the Bellagio fountains which is really nice. I enjoyed the special of the day, a Maine lobster roll, which was tasty but not anything amazing. I would suggest coming here for the ambiance rather than the food. 

A big downside to the meal experience was the fact that we found a hair in my boyfriend's dish. While the servers were quick to replace it, we did not receive any acknowledgment or apology from management staff.Mon Ami Gabi, you do not make your food with love. Your crusty baguette, in its tres cool paper sleeve, is obviously kept under a lamp, not freshly baked. Your food is delivered to the table quickly & without any pageantry. Perhaps your steaks are spectacular (as I've been told) but I'll never know because your French onion soup is mediocre & your quiche Lorraine is overpowered by chewy bacon & lacks a buttery crust.

Your patio is 5-stars wonderful, but can I get some quality eats to go along with my spectacular view of Las Vegas Blvd, si vous plait?I visited this place because it came highly recommended to me for breakfast. Our breakfast was decent but truly nothing special. The coffee was the biggest disappointment. Honestly I'd rather have the coffee from my hotel room than whatever they were serving. @ $4 is was definitely not worth it. The eggs Benedict were good. However the bacon was CHARed. I do wish I tried the Bloody Mary's though because they looked so good from across the room. The view was great.  ( I recommend sitting outside if it's s nice day, you can watch people walk by on the strip)Went here for dinner while inn Vegas. It was ok, nothing to write home about. we had a baked scallop appetizer. Very small portion for the price. The scallops were cut in half. My wife had the steak frites and i had the duck and pork belly cassolet. they were both good, but again, not great. Ask the waiter to take our picture because it was our wedding anniversary. He was more concerned about getting the name of the restaurant in the shot that he almost cut our heads off in the picture.The 3 stars is a push.  It was actually quite good, but the fairly poor service and bathrooms with a line-out-the-door in the casino, I had to settle at 3.  So let's bullet point:

PROS:
- Food.  The filet mignon was absolutely delicious, in some sort of merlot sauce.  I believe there was also the word "reduction" in it, which tends to add to the fancy shmancyness.  It was about $32, so me and the boyfriend split it.  It came with an interesting side - these crispy 'fries' that actually tasted a lot better than they looked.
- Asparagus.  Infused with butter.  Nuff said.
- The waiter was from SD and super cool.  Definitely a surfer/stoner type, and we enjoyed his company.

CON:
- There is no restroom in the actual restaurant, so have fun waiting in line with a bunch of drunk Cougars and the 20 something year olds waiting patiently on the outiside to pick out the ripest (drunkest, or bustiest, whatever was closest) one.  Kinda ruined the fancy French restuarant vibe.
- The poor water guy spilled water essentially all over my placing.  He was nice about it, but everything I used that night was pretty wet.
- Actual waiter was cool, but completely forgot that we had ordered a bottle of wine, and didn't even get it until after our steaks were served.

Complaints are minor, and food was delicious.  If you're going to spend $30+ for a steak, I would neutrally recommend this place.  If that even makes sense.Went there about a year ago, expecting French cuisine. It is not only extremely loud and hard to find seats, the service is also disappointing. A waiter spilled water and not only didn't apologize but also didnt clean it up. It's overpriced and the food is not that great. A French bistro would be not only a lot cheaper but also better!WHOA!!! DO NOT BELIEVE WHAT YOU READ!!!
This restaurant is supposed to be one of the best on the Strip.  I suppose it is if it is your only dining experience ever.  For those of you who like or even love steak, head to a real steak house!

We booked a large party and the setting is quite lovely.  You will not be seated unless the majority of your party arrives.  The service is professional and seemingly friendly, but the food is "meh."

Our group ordered the gamut of items.  Some of us shared the mushroom appetizer which was a bit juvenile.  The presentation was nice, but the thick cream and mushroom combination was overwhelming.  

We also shared a caesar salad but, that too, was uneventful.  There were fried, cubed potatoes which was a "psyche" moment because I was hoping for crispy croutons to add texture and taste.
I also ordered the scallops which, had there not been the sliced leek accompaniment, would have been good.  

I tried a bit of my friend's bone-in rib eye.  I eat rib eye ALL THE TIME and found this preparation to be chewy and tasteless...a TOTAL disappointment especially since this is a steak frites restaurant.

All-in-all, I was saddened by the entire dining experience.  Had we not been seated near the window so we could watch the Bellagio water feature, this would have been a complete fail.  SPEND YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE!The food isn't terrible, but it is seriously mediocre. The gimmick here are the steak-frites which were nothing special and severely overpriced. The prices for the other cuts of steak are more reasonable. Tables are rushed to be turned quickly, wine selection is poor for being the purported best French restaurant in Vegas, and the atmosphere is very loud. Credit where it is due, the chilled seafood platter and desserts we had were very nice.My guest and I both ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot and at $37, we were anticipating a delightfully juicy cut of prime beef. Oh the disappointment when the first bite was dry, tough and full of tendons. We sent them back hoping for better. Sadly the next steak was just as poor in quality despite being seasoned, well seared and cooked to the right temperature. The manager eventually appeared and apologized as you would expect. Surprisingly he then admitted knowing about a problem with their meat provider's product quality. The biggest disappointment was that they still chose to serve these steaks in the first place. Perhaps the $$ should be $$$ and the current 4-star rating needs updating.The bread was good, warm.  My hubby had the onion soup and I had the scallops which did not look like the photo.  The scallops were cooked well but the veggies were over cooked and they mushed peas to a mash potato consistency (was kind of gross).  One of the waiters poured the water dropping ice all over the place.  Again is was alright.Mon Ami Gabi why did your hamburgers used to be so good and then fall flat.  Every time I come to Vegas I make it a point to come and get a burger with blue cheese and bacon.   I ordered a medium burger ready for a juicy hamburger.  I received a dry burger that lacked flavor.   The frites were still great as usual.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.Have eaten there several time and sometimes it's great and sometimes it's just okay, the atmosphere is good but for the price the food needs to be more consistant,Great ambiance but the steak was very tough. The steak was pricey and so not worth it but the wine was great and the table and service very nice. I would go again, just not to order the steak.I gave this place 3 stars based on the following:
- their french onion soup is delicious and one of my favorites
- i hate to say this but... Left Bank and Costco make a juicier and flavorful roast chicken... ours was so dry it could mop up the glass of wine we spilled.  hahaha.
- they served a box of popcorn to each table. what the hell???  so weird.  i didn't get it.  does anyone know the logic behind this?
- be specific about where you'd like to sit, otherwise they'll put you in a random spot with the foot traffic of waitstaff and patrons circling around you like a swarm of bees.  i prefer the solarium-type room or patio seating to the dark, cavelike atmosphere of the interior rooms.
- hostesses are pretentious (this is pretty funny)
- the waitstaff are pleasant.
- it's a fun place to have a meal and watch the fountain show at Bellagio.
- again, the french onion soup is quite tasty.  :)
- these guys close waaaay to early.I came in expecting a bit more, the general atmosphere was nice and the wait staff was prompt and courteous but overall the food was a let down.

The bread was very good but everything after that was too salty. My girlfriend and I ordered the Butternut Squash soup, Duck Confit, Full order of mussels, and the Skate Wing. Our appetizers took a little too long to come out but our waiter kept us updated and was nice about it.

Butternut Squash- rich and creamy with bits of ham and spinach, it would have been delicious if it wasn't so salty! After about two spoonfuls it felt like you were licking salt.

Duck Confit- pretty good portion and the overall taste was decent but the fat was not rendered out so there was huge chunks of fat where it should have been crispy skin.

Full Order of Mussels- Lots of plump mussels in a tasty broth with onion. not too bad as well, I can see why people recommend ordering the full order as it comes with delicious skinny frites. Again it has the same problem as the Butter Nut Squash soup in that it the broth was much too salty.

Skate Wing- Crispy and flaky. I really wanted to love this dish, the mushrooms and red sauce on top was delicious and the first few bites were heaven for me. But towards the end of the fish I could feel the crunch of salt crystals and I couldn't even finish it. The mashed potatoes were also forgettable.

The overall bill wasn't terrible for the amount of dishes we got but honestly I think we will go somewhere else next time to get our French Bistro fix.I hate writing reviews about Strip restaurants because I'm just 1 out of a 1000 reviews. But I felt strongly enough about my last visit to waste some time venting here. 

7:30am on a brisk Saturday morning, I found myself crossing town on the way home from a night of a carousing. As I've been known to do on such nights, I decided it would be a fine time to indulge in a nice breakfast. Being that the weather was particularly tolerable for February, I decided to bask in it & dine on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi. I've enjoyed my similar visits in the past. Sure, the food isn't as good as Bouchon, but while it's not cheap, it's not quite as expensive, and the smoking-friendly patio has been enough to make up for any culinary shortcomings. So what happens when you disturb that equation? As it turns out, those pluses aren't strong enough to carry the place.

There were two things in particular that chapped my ass. Firstly, there was the construction team out working or surveying or whatever on the patio. I got there pretty close to opening, and hey, the works gotta get done sometime. But the incessant pacing back & forth, discussion, and ladder-arranging turned out to be disturbing enough to aggravate my otherwise saintly patience. Being that I'm such a nice guy, by the time I'd had enough the place started filling up, so the construction team was forced out by necessity, so I never had to speak up. I was distracted enough by everything that I didn't notice how filthy my water glass was. I'm not the kind of guy to bitch about things like that, but it was bad enough that I didn't feel out of place for asking for another glass. I explained what happened to the waiter, and he quickly replaced my glass. I continued on with my meal, and as I was done I picked up my water to find that the new one was just as bad as the first. Now, you would think that when someone - right or wrong - brings up a complaint like that the staff would spend the extra 30 seconds it would take to find the shiniest glass in the rack. Not at Mon Ami Gabi! By this point I was done eating, so I decided to just mention it to the waitress when she asked how everything was. Well, that opportunity never presented itself (which is a problem unto itself in my opinion). 

Am I nitpicking? Maybe. But Mon Ami Gabi is by no means cheap, and their food is not so spectacular that it makes up for everything else. And sure, breakfast is considered a "lesser" meal at places like this, but that doesn't mean they get a pass on anything that happens before noon. A year ago this would've given them a 4 star review. Maybe I'll try again and see if I caught them on an off day.Had lunch at Mon Ami Gabi on a Friday afternoon around 12:30.  Never thought we would need a reservation as it was not a big Vegas (4th of July, Memorial Day, New Years, etc) weekend, but there was a wait.  They said it would be less than 15 minutes and they were right.  So, it wasn't horrible.  The weather was great so we decided to sit on the patio, but be advised, it's CROWDED out there.  They really cram you in.  

We shared the chicken liver pate, escargots and oysters for appetizers.  The winner for me was the chicken liver pate.  Velvety and rich, but not overly so.  I will say, I don't think they serve enough crustinis with it, so I recommend you either order more or immediately ask for more from your server.  We got more bread very quickly, service was spot on.  The escargots were cooked well, tender and flavorful.  The garlic herb butter they serve them in is fantastic.  The oysters were solid, nothing to write home about.

To eat, I had the prime steak sandwich.  The horseradish cream left something to be desired, not nearly as much heat as I expected from a horseradish dish.  The steak was not thinly sliced which made it more difficult to eat.  It also needed more seasoning.

Overall, it was a good, but not spectacular meal.  I would return, but may sit at the bar or inside.Yikes! My mom and I go here every year when we are in town for business. It's usually a lovely experience. This last time, however, it was anything but. Made reservations and were there right on time. When we arrived we were told to wait in the "reservation line." Never heard of THAT in my entire life. Waited for about 40 minutes because it just so happened to be Valentine's Day and everywhere else would have been booked up. After waiting forEVER (keep in mind I am super pregnant and achy) we were finally seated. After complaining to the waitress the manager came over and made a million excuses without ever apologizing.
And after all that...the food was OKAY.

Bad experience and terrible customer service. Very disappointed. Used to be a regular spot for us.I really wanted to like this place but I guess A-OK will suffice. 

I was just going to get a French onion soup and a dessert as I had eaten elsewhere prior. The overly animated waiter suggested a special potato gnocchi dish and I jumped on it. I guess it was my mistake to go for an Italian classic in a French restaurant so I'll share some of the blame. All the components were things I liked (who doesn't like black truffles?) they just didn't seem to jive like the gnocchi dishes I'm used to. I like a cheesy cream sauce to compliment a good gnocchi and this dish had neither a harmonious creamy sauce nor a good gnocchi. The texture wasn't chewy and they fell apart too easy...the crispy shoestring onions and topped greens also didn't meld. 

Aside from not being super satisfied, I wasn't given bread until the very end of the meal, so I had to eat my meal in reverse. 

This is a cool spot to dine especially if you are fortunate to grab an outside table on a nice evening, I've just had much better French food. I'll most likely come back and give them another shot at some point as the reviews are mostly solid.We had reservations for our group of 4, in which I specifically requested a table outside.  When we arrived (after walking past the patio that was maybe half full) we were rather rudely told that it would be a 45 minute wait.  Why did I make reservations?!  Given that it was a Friday night, and we had other plans, we elected to sit inside rather than wait.

The service for that point on was decent, nothing very impressive.  We waited quite awhile to see our server, and then another long wait before finally placing our dinner order.

The food was fantastic. We had escargot, oysters, salads, the roasted chicken, and the scallops.  All were fantastic.  I'll be back, but I certainly hope they find a way to include the patio in their reservation process, especially when it's half full!I'm harder on the so called finer dining restaurants.  I expect perfection for the premium price.  

The waiter was far below par.  The main menu said ask for our gluten free menu, we did.  The guy literally said, "I'd have to go to the front to get it."  THEN GO GET IT!  I'm not sure if it was a gag or what, but I felt like a nuisance as opposed to a guest.

The food was good.  I had a filet, well cooked, needed salt.  Wife had chicken that was well prepared.

We dined on a night in which a marathon was passing on the main strip.  The people and the Bellagio fountain made for great ambiance, combined with good food, just let down by the wait staff.What a rip off!

Service ~ it took giving our drink orders to 3 different people before we finally got them. It took forever before someone finally took our food order. After that they were rudely rushing us through out meal. Asking several times to take our plates when they were still half full!
French Bread ~ I like crusty bread but this was tooth breaking! The butter that came with it was frozen solid. The apple salad  was a nice little treat.
Scallops ~ I get better from the taco stand down the street. The spinach lacked any garlic, salt, or pepper. The cauliflower puree was bland.
Burger ~ Patty was bland and dry.
Fries ~ Were a joke! They were paper-thin and overdone.
Moscat ~ was served in the smallest wine glass I've ever seen and was 1/3 filled. 

Was left feeling ripped off and hungry! Go somewhere else, anywhere else!Been here twice. This review is for my latest visit. It was not good. First of all my burger was pretty dry and the vegetables looked like it was pre packed the night before under a blow dryer. Second, how do you make a caesar salad taste bad? After telling the waiter that it was disgusting and we did not want it nor a replacement he complied and removed it from our bill. When the bill arrived all the items totaled up were completely off. They tried overcharging us by at least $9. I pointed this out and after about 15 minutes of waiting they came up with the story their computers were messing up? Really? C'mon get your act straight. This was a must go restaurant for me to go to every vegas trip, But Id rather settle for in n out nowFrench onion soup -- um, looked horribly, tasted watery.

Sandwich not so good.  Burger eh.

Waitress was nice.I had higher hopes for this place. Sigh. But nonetheless, it was pretty good and the ambiance was stellar. So romantic and French!! We sat at a window and got to experience the Bellagio fountains. We had the fancy smanshy drinks... I had a Scarlet Letter... meh. $13 and it shoulda been better...and BIGGER. The gf had some martini that tasted of malibu. Double meh. However... apps were to die for!  French onion soup and the scallops gratin... you two little lovlies saved the night!! Amazing. Also the bread and the pickled fennel/whatever... awesome. I have to figure out how to make the pickled veggies. All four of us got steak entrees... meh. I am not a fan of the classic steak frite... the frites.. yes.. pretty yummy... the steak.. ok maybe I'm just a Texan and like REAL steaks!! They can keep the paper thin steak with funky tasting butter. Yuk. The hanger steak the gf got was super tiny and tasted like barbecue. Can't remember what the others got but no one was impressed. Creme brulee.. eh, had better at chain restaurants. The apps and the atmosphere make up for the mediocre entrees. Service was great... super cool waiter. I'd try it again. Maybe.We made a reservation... So trying to check in was frustrating because thy have three different hostess stands, and the hostesses were super rude. I finally find the right one and then I have to wait 20 mins for my reservation. When we finally are about to get seated the hostess offers us a able outside, then the hostess next to her tells her not to offer it to me (seriously). So she apologizes and says I can't have it. Ok?! A guy walks up right behind me with his buzzer and offers him the table outside. Did that just happen?! Oh wait, it did....Possibly the worst first impression of any restaurant I've been to. If my best friend wasn't so excite to eat here I for sure would have walked off.

Lets get to the food. I ordered the special. It was medallions wrapped with bacon. And to be fair the waitress said you could not request how you like the steak due to bacon having to be cooked a certain temperature.... My medallions were so over cooked they were like hard little poker chips... And were as chewy a beef jerky. Possibly the worst steak I've ever had. They were a dark brown color the ENTIRE way through. Gross.

The only good thing that happened during the entire meal was our server. #74. She was awesome! 

I considered ordering something other than steak, but since this place seems to be known for steaks I decided to go with it. And since I was ordering a steak I wanted one of the better cuts. If you are looking for $200 beef jerky and to be treated like crap upon check in you should make a "reservation" for this place. Complete disappointment. Vegas has some amazing restaurants don't waste your time and money on this one.Service: good

Food: small portion, overpriced, average tasting.

The Big Skinny Pancakes (with lemon marmalade) was just an overdone (slightly burnt on the edges) crepe with sweet, lemon jam. Not what I was expecting. Had I known, I would have ordered something else. 

The spouse got their special, which wasn't on the menu (chicken mushroom hash with two poached eggs). It was okay. Nothing to write home about.

if you're getting a coffee drink, get the bowl instead of the cup. It's only $2 more and is literally four or five times bigger than the cup. 

Glad we got reservations and were willing to sit inside, otherwise the wait would have been excruciating.

Overall, not impressed by the food. We will not be returning.I was so excited to try this place out and left disappointed. The prices were reasonable, but the food wasn't the best. We started with the seafood platter which was good, probably the best part of the meal! Everything about this platter was delicious. But when it came to our main courses, they were alright. I got the steak classique and frites, the fries were pretty good, nice and crispy. The steak was very chewy though, I only finished half of it because it was so chewy. My boyfriend ordered the bass special and the fish was tasty! The sides didn't pair very well with the fish though. Our server was nice, but he forgot to put our main course order in so we were there for almost two hours total. It was a pretty long wait just to get the check as well. Overall, if anything, I would come back for the seafood platter and the baguette but nothing else really stood out.Brunch was good, menu selections covered it all.  The best part of our visit was our server; great helpful attitude with a smile!Terrible idea and it was a disappointing meal on the strip I'll never have back.  I don't understand how this place got such good reviews.

My girlfriend and I decided to come here last time we were in Vegas.  I had high hopes given the pictures and reviews.  Lighting was on the dark side and environment was loud, if you're into that sort of setting.  The bread was good, and that's a problem if that's the best I can say about the meal.  My girlfriend had the steak frites, which was dry and rough.  I went for my usual order of choice at most restaurants, the bone in rib-eye, medium rare.  It came out looking great, and in hindsight, maybe the dark lighting helped.  It was "quite literally" the worst rib-eye I've ever had.  Either I had a dull steak knife or that was one tough SOB.  Trying to chew through that thing and not being successful confirmed that it was the latter.  I thought maybe it might just be that particular part of the cut and continued.  But time and again, every piece I had just added to the disappointment.  The only beneficiary of this meal?  My dog, who got the bone and leftover.. hopefully he enjoyed it more than I did.

Don't see myself coming back here again any time soon.great view if youre on the patio, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. prices are OK at this place, considering its view. we had a sketchy waiter as well, id figure you could find much better staff in Vegas. wont be back for the service thats for sure. food was good, fries sure dont look like the ones in the pics here. mine were brown and in crumblesBaked goat cheese $13.95: This specifically I would give 5 stars. It's so good! It doesn't come with enough bread though, but luckily can just ask for more of their house baguette to devour all of this dip. 

Ham and cheese crepe $15.95: This was disappointed. It tasted like your average grocery store ham and not much else. 

Frangria $10.95: A refreshing sangria. Also available by the pitcher. 

Cappuccino $5: It seemed that everyone was ending their meal with coffee as the small coffee mugs were everywhere to be seen. We were too full for dessert but this was a nice ending to the meal.It's good food and enjoyable.  People watching is great, but do consider you're eating in a lovely outdoor café next to a major street with a TON of cars.  So on the plus side, you're outside and on a patio and on the negative side you're on the street and the place is crammed with people and tables.  In terms of food it was pretty good, but I hold the watermark for excellent French bistro fare to Bouchon up the street, which this does not hold a candle to.  It's excellent for wearing flip flops and wanting a waffle and a mimosa (which is totally fine by me), but for the same price I can have staggeringly good food at Bouchon.The food was pretty good I got the boar ragu and it was ok.  I have had better boar and the pasta should have been more delicate and thin.  My wife got scallops which were perfectly cooked but everything else on the plate was a throw away, too much fennel.  They got us to our table quickly which was great because they were busy (9:40 pm).  The wine list was impressive but the beer selection was pedestrian at best.  Next time I would get the steak.This meal was such a Vegas experience. We got a patio table with perfect view of the Bellagio fountain show. It was also perfect for watching the crowd stream by. 

As for the food.. it was quite all right. The beet soup was the perfect thirst quencher for a hot day. The waffle fries were also a hit. Most everyone else was just satisfied with their order though - not totally amazed. Service was very efficient and friendly.Saw that it had an overall of 4 stars so I was really looking forward to the food. Wasn't impressed...felt that it was overpriced. Also, for a party of 5+ they immediately add an 18% gratuity ... Didn't tell us until they brought the check out, felt they they should have told us that beforehand. Staff was very friendly and attentive but I would not go back.Food is good but a little pricey for the quality.  The best part of the restaurant is enjoying your meal on the patio watching the fountains and people go by.We came here for dinner.  The onion soup was excellent but the entree was not as good. 

We each ordered a steak and three of us wanted mashed potatoes instead of frites. All of us got frites.  I think it is inexcusable to serve three incorrect entrees. The waiter did bring the mashed potatoes after we complained. I am not sure why they ask how we wanted our steaks cooked as they are so thin you couldn't possible get a rare steak. Price was equivalent to mediocrity as we paid 27.95 for really thin tasteless steaks.

I do have to say that the waiter was polite and efficient and the bernaise sauce was quite good covering up the tasteless steaks but I wont come back.Third timer here and this is not the best experience I had. I went there with my two girls for dinner. Mind you that they are well-travelled kids and been to Paris (and the real Eiffel Tower). We were going to be seated outside (strike one!) when I told the receptionist that I specifically requested the main dining (my kids hate the heat) so she moved us to a table near the door (still warm). By then, I was already annoyed. Our server came and asked if we were ready - um - we just got seated - can you give us a moment? He came back, we ordered and when I said I wanted the goat and kale salad, he said: "that's it?" (strike two). Deep breaths!!! I was really disappointed by the service. My youngest was saying thank you in French and was being ignored. Guess who lost out on some good tip?I've heard so much about this place and have been wanting to try it for a while now so when my friend wanted to have lunch here during her bachelorette party weekend, I was excited!

We made a reservation in advance. When we arrived, they seated us promptly. The restaurant was packed! We got seated near the patio but still on the inside of the restaurant. The seating was perfect because it wasn't too sunny or too dark; it was just right.

My girlfriend and I decided to share the classic steak frites. I didn't try any of the other dishes that the rest of the party ordered, so this review is solely based off of my entree.

We ordered the steak medium rare (why would you order steak any other way?). Only half of our steak was cooked medium rare. Because the cut was uneven, the other half was more medium/medium well. However, the butter that came with the steak was delicious! The flavor of the meat was good, but it was not hot. It felt like maybe it was sitting out for a while before it was served.

The plate also came with fries (the frites portion). It looked like it was hand cut in the kitchen which excited me, but my first one was really soggy. I grabbed another on that looked a little less soggy and it was nice and crispy. Unfortunately, half were soggy and limp.

At the end of the meal, several other girls mentioned that their food was lukewarm as well. If my meal was hot, it would have been a completely different experience.Im typically a big fan of Mon Ami Gabi.. Been here several times but this last experience kind of left a bad and sickening taste in my mouth. 
To start our waiter was very stand-offish... It was very odd. Usually at nice restaurants you receive above adequate service. I have actually had better service at my local IHOP that I received that night. Which was a complete and total bummer.
Unfortunately this isnt even the worse event of the evening. 
So, they're having a special that consisted of bacon wrapped sea bass. They had me at sea bass and put the cherry on top with bacon. Half way through my fish I notice that the middle of the sea bass steak is actually completely UNCOOKED! 
At first I think i'm imagining things so I have my dining mates look and sure enough.. uncooked! and not a small amount but a pretty substantial portion of meat. 
I call my waiter over and he does take it back and has the chef finish cooking it but It was all too much for me. 
Im not sure when I will be back. Whats most disappointing is that I KNOW the service and food quality MAG is capable of.3 stars consists of great atmosphere and people watching, great French bread and great service but food was inconsistent. 

We ordered the printed plat de jour to find 10 minutes later that they were sold out. We then ordered the chicken and Brie sandwich which was not very good. It was a small flat piece of chicken in a slippery over garlic sauce on a drippy nondescript roll with nothing wonderful French fries. We also had a butternut squash soup which was ok. 

Great place to be but hopefully if you go you will have a better culinary experience.We went there yesterday for late launch based on good reviews on yelp, but It turned out it was worst choice! The waiter was very rude and unprofessional, and when we started to complain to his manager, his attitude was like it is what it is!! The ambiance is good since it is in front of Bellagio's fountains, but its service was  below average! I am not going to this restaurant again at all!After deciding to punish myself for being exceedingly hungover we walked about a mile to this highly reviewed place looking forward to a late breakfast. We were SOL though at noon on a weekday. Server said it wasn't "fair" to the cooks to have to serve a breakfast menu along with the lunch menu. OK, whatever.

DH ordered a burger medium rare with fruit and I ordered a croque monsieur. Burger was served with fries instead. Got the fruit after bringing to server's attention. Burger came medium and was really dry. My sandwich was horrid. Bread was stale, not crisp and fries were Meh. Only thing really impressed with was the baguette and sangria.

Server was pretty nice though. Sat inside and wasn't crowed at all on a Tuesday. View on the patio is nice and great place to watch the fountains at the Bellagio.

Might try once more for brunch but not holding my breath.I visited this restaurant for breakfast. I was told that my wait would be 10-15 min. They gave me a beeper to alert me when my table became available. 30 min later I asked the (incredibly rude) hostess if my table was ready. She told me to "Sit over there at the bar and I'll call you when it's ready". Another 10 min later I was seated. When the waitress asked me if I'd like a cup of coffee, I replied that I'd like tea. She told me that the restaurant was out of tea. I suggested to the waitress that somewhere in the Paris hotel, there must be a teabag. She told me again, that the restaurant was out of tea. So, I left the restaurant and went to the customer service desk in the lobby. The concierge connected me to the voice mail of the Food and Beverage director. I left a message along with my cell phone #. I never heard from him.Mon Ami Gabi used to be my go-to place for brunch before we depart Vegas. What's not to love? Awesome view, delicious food, affordable prices. Not many of these on the strip.

I love the the crepes--small but savory. The french onion soup is an eruption of gruyere cheese goodness. The steak frites are bizarrely addictive. If steaks are your preference, there's a vast selection here, but it's hit-or-miss. My recommendations are the bone-in ribeye (at 22oz, it's for serious eaters only!) or the filet mignon.

Most people fight for the patio seats, but I actually like the pavilion because it's shaded and slightly cooler. Vegas can scorch when you're under the sun! Neither area can be reserved via Open Table.

Unfortunately, my most recent visit was disappointing. The portions are noticeably smaller and the quality is slightly off. Still decent, just not as overwhelmingly perfect as before. However, Mon Ami Gabi will always hold a special place in my tummy.The place was packed. I made a reservation was told they were running 10 mins left. Fine. 

I ordered the country pate for an appetizer. It was so dry. The baguette was burnt. 

The salmon baby kale salad was eh. The salmon was done right but the amount of dressing placed on the kale was overbearingly salty. 

The French onion soup was delicious. 

The creme brûlée was okay. The inside was good but the brûlée was burnt hitch took away my enjoyment of the dessert. 

Nevertheless, I won't be back.I had the Chicken Pate appetizer ($12) and their Jumbo Crab cake ($18)...was not impressed. I actually didn't see anything that really stood out to me, however, my girlfriend order filet mignon with a piece of butter like spread on top and that was delicious! The meat was very tender and the spread just topped it off. 

I gave it a 3 stars because the other dishes were good. Mine, not so much.

For starters, they give you a long piece of baguette with some butter. I thought that was ok also. And I LOVE bread. This bread was ehhhh.

Located inside the Paris Hotel.I went here for dinner on a Wednesday night. We wanted to sit outside so we had to wait 45 minutes. The hostess gave us a pager but it had a small range: we were confined to one small section of the Paris casino, and it wouldn't work outside. We ended up waiting the full 45 minutes (plus about 5-10 more for good measure).

Finally we were led to our table, which was directly across from the Bellagio. Front row seats for the fountains! However, we were also right next to the wait station, so servers were congregating less than a foot from my chair for the entire meal. Awkward, and really close quarters.

Our waitress was excellent. Very friendly, clearly knew the menu backwards and forwards. I got the half order of mussels, and she accidentally put an order in for the full size- she let me know her mistake, and said of course she would only charge me for what I ordered but she wanted to warn me in case I ordered the half-size again in the future and was surprised at the size!

So the food: the free baguette and butter were great. We both got French onion soup, which was okay. Not bad, but also not great: a little sweet, way more bread than cheese, and definitely not worth $10. I wouldn't order it again. My mom got the steak classique, which was great. I got the mussels, which were mediocre. I wasn't a fan of the wine sauce, there was almost a sour note to it? Again, not terrible but I wouldn't order it again. The fries were good, but cut so thin (and so salty!) they were almost like potato chips. We didn't have any dessert, but the table next to us had the creme brulee and it looked pretty great.

I was not overly impressed with the food, but the view cannot be beat. Lots of people-watching on the Strip, and after 7 pm the Bellagio fountains have a show every 15 minutes. The food was not amazing, but I'd be willing to try it again and just order different dishes. The escargot and the roasted chicken looked promising!Typical Las Vegas restaurant: beautiful decor with high priced food that was ok, but average. 

They get extra points for offering gluten free items on the menu. The toast was one of the best gluten free breads I'd ever had. Unfortunately it was also served cold with ice cold butter alongside it. Yes, the butter looks lovely in the little ramekin, but it was nearly impossible to spread. 

The ham and cheese omelet was ok, but bland. The hash browns were extra crispy, which I like, but also soaked in grease. For $14.95, I expected something better. Alongside my cup of basic black coffee for $4, the breakfast was nothing memorable. 

They had some more interesting items on the menu that I might give a try next time but it definitely won't be my first choice.Based on oour extensive prior extremely positive experiences, my wife and I, plus three other couples, made sure to visit MAG for a nice dinner on our final night in Vegas earlier this week.  We could have been seated immediately inside, but it was a beautiful November night and we opted to wait--heck, rolling some dice, plus free table drinks for 40 minutes, no problem.

We finally get seated and they squeeze us into a four-top.  That's OK, we like each other and expected to be squeezed.  If you're new, be warned that they put about 250 diners in a space that any other restaurant would put 100.  For us, not a great big deal because of the anticipation of excellent food and the great view of the strip and the Bellagio water shows.

And the aniticipation grew and grew until about an hour after ordering we finally got our meals.  The waitress explained that she had waited to talk to the chef about an allergy issue one of us had before putting any of the orders in.  I'm sorry, but when you are sitting at an uncomfortable table and will end up paying about $150/person, you shouldn't have to wait an hour to get served.

When the entrees finally got there, they were all very excellent, but those who bided their ample time by eating bread and appetizers could not finish their entrees.  About the only bad entree choice anyone mentioned was the duck confit, which seemed to have about 1 ounce of meat on a bone, and not great flavor.

The onion soup appetizer was horribly cheesy and not as good as on prior visits.  But the filets and steaks, with fantastic Bernaise sauce, are definitely to die for, and it will likely contribute to my demise. 

So after taking about 30 minutes to get through the meal (things go slower when you have to wait for the person next to you to finish using their knife before you do so you don't cut each other open), we then proceeded to wait and wait another 30 minutes to get the check.  It's not like we wanted to further enjoy the nice night--by now it was after 10:00 and the temperature had dropped about 20 degrees in the past hour.  

We were so anxious to leave, no one dared venture into the desserts.

And the worst part was, when we make it back to the craps table, we had just missed a 45 minute roll.  Would have paid for our entire visit, and then some, had we not had to wait for the waitress all night.

Oh well, life is all about memories, and we'll still have memories of some great meals here.  Probably won't come back, except perhaps for lunch and the best boulliabaise you could ever get.

I really feel bad about giving three stars.  Lat week I would have given 5 plus.  It's true what they say that one bad experience overshadows hundreds of good ones.  C'est le vie.I have had a few meals at Mon Ami Gabi and they were not good and way too priceyGlad I wasn't in a hurry. Took about 75 min. To get our food. The table of 8 who gave there order got food their food 30min before us. We had great view patio seat, but something not right with how kitchen is run.came here for dinner on our last night..i wished it was better but it was just ok to me..

ordered:
-oysters-i haven't had oysters in a while so i thought these were good
-smoked salmon-i didn't get the chance to try it but everyone liked this
-filet mignon merlot-my order..i thought it was ok.. over the half the plate were frites! 
-prime rib-good not great
-sea scallops-this was good too
i don't remember what else we ordered.. but what i do remember is the apple slaw they served with the bread.. i liked that a lot! 

i wouldn't come back for dinner but i wouldn't mind trying this place again for brunch/lunch on the patio so i could have a view of the bellagio water show..I would have given this place a four star if it wasn't for what happened when my friend forgot her credit card.

We had a lovely snack on their patio, escargot and some wine.  We had plans for dinner with the rest of our group later that day so we didn't want t a huge meal. The server was polite but not friendly. The food was great! The escargot was tender and the pesto sauce was buttery and tasty. The fresh bread went well with the pesto sauce.  The bread is perfect, crunchy on the outside, soft and slightly sour on the inside.

We had a great time, so much so that my friend forgot her credit card.  We're thankful they kept it for us.  When my friend went to pick up the card, there was a note asking for tip?! Did they want a tip for holding her credit card? We left the waitress a 15% tip. I've been a server before.  At no time is it ever acceptable to request tip from anyone! My friend felt mortified and so embarrassed when they asked her for tip.

We were excited and talked about going back for lunch or dinner on our next trip, but we'll try other restaurants first.  Sucks because we really liked the food.

5 Stars
-1 server was not friendly
-2 for a lack of tipping etiquetteWe were in Vegas this past Presidents Day weekend and ate here for breakfast.  It was good, not great.  Our chocolate croissant tasted like it was been reheated from a very average bakery, there was nothing flaky or buttery about it like a delicious French pastry should be.  My husband had the crouque madame which was really good and I had the lemon skinny pancake.  At first it was good, but then started to become a little dense and doughy.  Also, the service was just ok.  I told my server I did not want the whip cream with my pancake, not b/c of calories, just because I don't like whip cream that much, fresh or otherwise.  He insisted that I have it because I "haven't tried theirs".  Um, ok I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in the country and I'm pretty sure I have tasted great whip cream.  It came, I tasted some with my fork (average) and then when he came by at the end of our meal, he insisted that I I had not tasted any and preceded to inspect my cream!  It was just really annoying.  Anyway, breakfast here is pretty good, but not going out of your way for.Don't go to New Years Eve dinner here.  Overpriced, horrible pre-prepared cold food, with seating "time limit" if you have a patio seating.Maybe it's because I only came here for breakfast, and didn't experience the right type of food, but I was very underwhelmed.

I paid $6 for a yogurt parfait that was the size of a yogurt cup. And the croissant I had was the most greasy croissant I've ever been served. A croissant sandwich was $13, which seems a bit steep to me.

The setting is nice if you sit outside on the balcony, but there are other places on the strip that have balcony and better price points.Waited in a long line outside of the restaurant, only for the hostess to tell us "you can sit down immediately if you just go to the right where the sign says "exit" or I can add you to the waiting list for patio seating."
So we went inside. Food was pretty good. We had salmon app along with pate. I had the poached eggs over cornbeef hash which was delicious. We also had the chicken & broccoli crepe which wasn't so spectacular.
After several refills of orange juice, it wasn't until after we got the bill that we realized there was a charge for each glass.
The fire alarm went off for about 15 minutes which didn't help things either.
Oh well, it was still decent, but for a $75 lunch for 2, I think I should have gone back to Wicked Spoon a second time. :)Food here is average and below my expectations. Most of the time i agree with the ratings on yelp reviews but this time I don't think this place is 4 stars. 

First of all I think the food here is more "American" than "French". Maybe it's a different type of French styled food I haven't tried but I've been to several French restaurants and their flavors are more complex and rich. Which leads me to the second reason why this place is average. 

Food here is pretty plain. There is nothing fancy or great about their flavors. We ordered steak frites, scallop for appetizer, and the cod with eggplants. Sure their steaks, cod, and scallop were tender and juicy but other than that there is nothing else good about it. 

Service was very good and their food portions are pretty huge. This is the second place the food disappointed me in Vegas based on Yelp reviews.Was in the mood for some Crepes Sunday Am and decided if I went early I would beat the post Patty's Celebration Crowds. Perfect plan I tell you, about 830 straight to a table street side. A little disappointed in the lack of Crepes on the menu as they had only Deseret Crepes. However my server explained that "thin pancakes" are really big crepes.

I opted for the lemon and fruit "thin pancakes", with a double shot espresso and a fruit cup on the side. 

Espresso - Wow, I was super disappointed as I was imagining myself sitting in Paris sipping espresso in a cafe. This espresso was really bad. It was made perfectly (texture and color) but was bitter and just a bad roast. Now I am sort of a espresso snob coming from Seattle however I don't feel that having high expectations for espresso in a French Cafe is too much to ask. I expected an artisan roast and something very smooth, wrong.

Now the thin pancakes were excellent. I was very happy with the flavor but the sheer size literally made me think this is so not French. It was massive and wasteful when it came to pure size of the pancakes themselves, however it was pretty stingy on the fruit topping (possibly 3 strawberries slices up). The flavor was very good and would have seemed somehow even better, if it were in short supply making me savor each bite. However with this huge portion it I ate until I was very full and still sent back half a plate of food. 

Overall a good experience but if you are a French Bistro in a French themed hotel; they might want to send the manager to France, Paris in particular, to see how the french really eat and live. It seems like a French Claim Jumpers or something when it came to portions, and a  jip of a coffee pastry place. I think they need to focus a little more on trying to serve great food and minimize the portions to a reasonable level and stop trying to be everything to everyone. I imagine accommodating the fanny pack crowd is a challenge as you have to to make ends meet on the strip however, most fanny packers are not ordering the thin pancakes and espresso. Do the IHOP thing on the American items but make some crafted products for people who are real foodies. You don't have to totally sell out to make the dollar.

As far as price, I was a little surprised considering the $25.00 bill with $5 tip. $30 for crepes and espresso? I think the espresso was $7 which actually made it even worse than the taste. I might go again, but I might not. Probably better places to fit my cravings when I get them.Been here four times, twice for dinner and twice for lunch. Ordered the steak classique all four times, both dinners were great, yet both lunches failed. The salmon tartare was very good the first time and so so the last couple of times. They're not very consistent and therefore I'm not sure if I would go back. The service also ranges from great to so so.Welcome to Disney Land!  A beautiful façade of a Parisian cafe worthy of a single visit.  After that, the spell breaks.  

Quick and dirty:

- Three dining spaces (outdoor overlooking LV Blvd facing the Fountains of Bellagio, indoor sun room, indoor steak house). 

- Three check-in lines (outdoor wait list, indoor wait list, confirmed reservation).

- Franco / American café menu at reasonable prices.  

- Great selection of French wines by the glass or bottle.  Glass prices are VERY high.

- Friendly, bordering on unprofessional service (faked French accents for some tables, Parisian style silence for others).


The food is below average.  High point;  the baked brie starter.  Served in a hot baking dish, accented with hazel nut oil and honey that perfumes the air.  Unctuous.  Rich.  Just good eats.  Unfortunately, the escargot is the opposite.  Tender morsels of snail dressed with hard parsley stems.  Ack.

Mains fail to deliver. A paltry two ounce, steak sandwich served with an overly reduced, sweet onion au jus.  A croque monsieur made with pressed deli ham.  Very low quality (sub USDA choice), albeit inexpensive steaks.  Frites that accompany almost every dish are terrible.  Some crisp, most soggy, rubbery, and oily.

Worth a single visit to enjoy a bottle of wine and see the fountain show.  After all, the Parisian authenticity is enhanced by the confetti of playboyesque images on cards that litter the sidewalk below and well lit mobile billboards of  scantily clad "Hot Hot Hot Ladies" crossing your view.My boyfriend and myself were there to spend Valentine's day. After 35 min waiting we got our table (yes we did have a reservation ) we got free nice bread complentary from the cheff, our plates were very visual and good teast until I found a horrible hair stocked in the middle of my pasta. No one came to apologize,  I didn't order anything else we however got one chocolate moose as an apology. .. with dirty forks.... thank you, no thank you. .. maybe was a bad day but... I pass next time.Great Bloody Mary Bar and beautiful location on the patio, other then that food okay. But great little tourist place.Came in on a Sunday around 12:30 and there wasn't really a wait.

Free baguette and butter.  Warm and crusty bread for free?  what's not to love about that?

Took a while for our food to come out for some reason. Went thru 2 baguettes, while waiting. Steak classique with frites. We ordered medium rare but it came out kinda grey with grill marks so definitely more rare than medium. Steak frites were pretty much potato chip strips.

corned beef hash was served with 2 poached eggs and toast with blackened crust(unintentionally i'm sure) and hash browns on the side 

I might consider coming back to maybe find something redeeming on the menu.Not sure why the reviews for this place are so high! I know that many people can't be wrong, but I've been here a few times and it has yet to impress me. 

It's not incredibly hard to get a table here if you request a reservation a few days in advance. I've heard the outside seating to view the bellagio water show is pretty difficult to get though. 

I've tried to bone in ribeye, filet, New York strip steak and none were that good. They're decent, but don't taste like a $35-40 steak to me. Servers are always busy, hard to flag them down. 

Paired entrees with some wine and appetizers, which were average as well. 

Maybe I'm not ordering correctly or because I'm not getting the wonderful view, but I'm definitely not in love with this place. 

Would only recommend if you can get a seat with a view. Otherwise, I'd pass!I arrived on time for my reservation and found that there was no difference between reservations and walk-ins.  No big deal since the line was moving fast.  After getting to the front of the line I checked in and was asked to wait off to the side for my party of 2 to be seated.  While waiting, I saw 7 other groups seated in advance of me (all parties of 2, and none had reservations).  When I went to ask what was going on they said they missed my name on the list.  They then told me that the others seated ahead of me must have been different size groups....
After being walked to my table, we found that it was already taken.  We were asked to take a seat at the bar and wait and again witnessed more groups being seated ahead of us.  At no point did anyone apologize.  Terrible service.Ordered a new york strip steak asked for medium well! Steak was burned and over cooked! Also Manger was so too!Their service is ridiculous... im not sure if they just dont care since most of the guests are out of towners and dont regularly return but it is very clear that they dont strive for any customer service..We ate here a few years ago but were not overly impressed by anything. The food seemed pretty generic and our waiter was actually kinda creepy.

I'm hoping to give it another try some day and hopefully have a better experience. If so, I plan to update this short review.Very bad 
Had nothing to do with French food. Except for few French words on the menus maybe!!!
What a shame...For our third night in Vegas, we headed to Mon Ami Gabi.  Now I wasn't quite as excited as my friends because we have one at home in Bethesda.  They sat our group in the patio room which had a great view of the Bellagio water show.  It was exceptionally dark though.. so much that we needed to pull out our cell phones to read the menu.  Mood lighting I suppose.  Our waiter was full on with the theme and right off the boat from France.  He might as well have been named Pierre, wore a beret and a little scarf, and had on a black and white striped shirt.  It was really too cute.  I was SUPER disappointed, however, when he told me that the only duck and lamb options were available on a single day of the week... not Saturday.  I considered having Chilean sea bass for a third night in a row, but instead went with the Seared Atlantic Salmon with pommes purée, mushrooms, pearl onions, red wine sauce for $19.95.  It was a great sized portion and they cooked the salmon to perfection (extremely rare).  My friends ordered the brie (which I'm never a fan of) and the mac and cheese for side dishes.  I was not impressed with the mac and cheese and stopped after a small bite.  It tasted like anything I could have made at home.  Nothing special.  My adorable waiter does get extra points for helping me to select a great wine that fit my taste buds.  He also explained the difference between French and South American Sauvignon Blanc.. complete with a map!  Dinner was great and I'd go back.. just in my hometown and go somewhere a little more unique for Vegas next time.Not more than 2 options for vegetarian lunch.... May be a meat lovers paradise but if you dot eat meat please do not go with expectations.On any other occasion I would rate this restaurant four stars easy. I've had excellent service and the breakfast here was some of the best I had. I recall telling my fiancé last year that the food had a balanced taste, well prepared, and not over or under seasoned- just right which is rare at any good restaurant! On my most recent visit, the experience was soured for two reasons: my ahi burger was extremely over salted to the point my lip hurt and I could no longer eat and my whole party that tried it agreed they'd never had tuna so salty; the service was pretty terrible also. The waiter (Rey) seemed grumpy from first interaction and at first my party thought it was just me who read too much into the curt, unfriendly, and unprofessional service. By the end of the meal, everyone at the table felt he was rude, impatient, uninterested in providing quality customer service, and just plain unpleasant. He had this look on his face and a tone in his voice that being asked questions was a trouble or bother. He did not apply the frequent diner points (whatever it's called) to be redeemed for the meal as asked several times and my dad was rudely cut off and interrupted by him. I don't know what was worse the salty meal that we did not even get any apology or acknowledgment for other than it being removed from the bill or the crappy waiter that made me not want to return to this establishment.Breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi. 

The food here is reasonably priced which was a nice surprise. 

Skinny Pancake - Lemon: I was pleasantly surprised by this dish. The French don't make pancakes. They make crepes! The "pancake" is a few layers of crepe with caramelized lemon sugar, powdered sugar and fresh strawberries on top. It also comes with whipped cream and strawberry sauce.

I was not overwhelmed with my meal but it's a lovely breakfast place with a nice view of the strip. I'd come back for another brunch.My GF had Mon Ami Gabi bookmarked; so, during this stop over in LV, we decided to give it a try.  We were looking forward to trying the Beef Wellington, but upon sitting down we soon found out that it is their Sunday special, and since it was Thursday we were SOL on that front.  Ok, no problem.  Surely there is a lot of other good stuff here to eat.  We started looking over the rather brief menu.  We decided to go with a Shrimp Cocktail, the Summer Tomato Salad, and the fish special of the day - Sea Bass.  The Shrimp Cocktail was nothing special and very over-priced: $15 for 5 shrimp on a bed of ice with a very small cocktail sauce container.  The summer tomato salad was even more disappointing: a few slices of tomatoes spread over a plate with a basil leave or two, a few very small pieces of grilled zucchini, and an almost non-existent marinade.  I can make a more impressive looking and tasting tomato salad.  I understand this is a French restaurant, and smaller portions are the nom in Europe.  I have no problem with that provided the quality of the dish makes up for it.  Mon Ami Gabi's did not.  But the real icing on this cake, and the reason for two stars instead of three, was the incredibly lousy service we received from our server, Gabriel.  From the moment we sat down, it was a lot of attitude, and a lot of waiting.  We were planning on trying a desert, but we got tired of waiting for our waiter after we finished eating, and decided to not give Mon Ami Gabi any more of our business.My review is based solely on brunch. I would have to say, if I was to return, I would return for dinner, not brunch. IMO the food is way too heavy for morning or even mid-day. My hubby and I had the french onion soup as recommended by many reviewers on yelp. I found it too cheesy. . . and I am a person that likes cheese. My hubby got corn beef hash which he seemed pretty "meh" about. Not bad, not good. I ordered a tuna melt. It came open faced, with a thick slice of cheese melted on top. The tuna was mixed heavily with olives and olive juice. My first bite was so salty I could feel my face swelling up already. I decided to preserve both the sandwich and the fries for the homeless man sitting outside the restaurant. My appetite for food had vanished and I proceeded to order cocktails. Cocktails were good. Service was great. Ambiance is what gave my review two stars.You can't beat the location and the lively vibe here.

The food was alright but I've had much better elsewhere on the Strip.Mon Ami Gabi is a very popular and well-loved café at the Paris Hotel with prime real estate outside seating right at one of the most vibrant sections on the strip and  across from the Bellagio fountain show.  It is a perfect spot for brunches or drinks, to people watch or just to absorb everything Vegas.

However, our dinner experience was unimpressive, if not a bit disappointing.

The steak frites (steak and fries) which they prominently highlight on their menu was at best mediocre.  The steak was very flavorful but tough and chewy.  The fries were so thinly sliced that they were almost like potato chip strips.  They were dry and hard and flavorless.  No, these are not the "frites" as they are known in Paris, France.

The scallops had a fishy smell and taste which I didn't like.  The sauce and the red peppers were delicious though.

Service has been really good.  Our sever was cool and friendly and she checked back with us often.  Selections of wine by the glass was large and prices were reasonable. Everything came at a perfect pace - prompt but not rushed.

We'll probably be back for drinks and apps and to grab a hot spot outside to enjoy the Vegas scene.  However, we'll most likely not go there for dinner again.First time visit - Brunch experience. Sat in the glass enclosed seating area with brilliant sunlight coming through. Atmosphere was comforting and prices were affordable. The waiter scraped up the bread crumbs and accidentally scooped all the crumbs onto our bags. The hilarious part was that he made such a good effort and pretended that he did not see his mistake and walked away casually. I got a kick out of it.

Second time visit - Ordered the steak special. Good but nothing too special. Actually, if you're in it for a bargain, this place works for just that. My steak can be divided into 2 pieces and still feed two grown men. However, quality of food is just a-ok. I probably would opt to pay $10-$15 more elsewhere and have something that would be great.There was a hair in my French onion soup. And my salad was served to me completely dry with no dressing.  Didn't get offered anything to reconcile this. Over priced and rude service.Picked out this restaurant for Valentines Day dinner and thought the meal was very nice. Got food poisoning later that night.For some reason our visitors from out of town want to head to Mon Ami. I only oblige them cuz I am a good host and I am a sucker for the view while sitting on the sidewalk. Other than the view, I just don't see it. Mediocre food to give it a compliment. As a steak house...there are over a hundred mo betta in Sin City.I've been here a couple times. It's got a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountains. LOL Yea let's go to Paris and watch the fountain show at Bellagio. HA! I actually like this place. I wouldn't consider it super French. Although the food is approachable French food. Not overly Americanized. But tasty. The Escargot with herb butter is a must. Stop being a wimp. Snails are almost  like eating clams except they're faster. It's pretty legit. But I end up always ordering the same thing. Steak. Eh. Maybe it's my obsession with red meat and my urge to fix a car and have sex after. But it's a manly meal. 
I prefer the steak frites with classic butter. That's fancy for fries...yea. Fries. But it's ok They have lighter foods like salads and seafood, oysters, fish, etc. But I never go for it. Maybe I just don't give this place enough credit. Maybe I should come here with a girl and be super impressive. Nah......Ate dinner this time. Didn't mind sitting inside, so no wait YAY! Ordered a glass of Riesling, side of Brussels sprouts with bacon, spinach, and half order of mussels. 

As always, love the fresh baguette. For dinner they also give a nice little apple, radish, vinegar salad that was really good. The mussels were just ok. Also, one of them was still closed, which you're not supposed to eat. Honestly, from such a nice restaurant, they're supposed to check in the kitchen and throw it out. This makes me wonder what else they may have missed... 

The Brussels sprouts with bacon were really good. When they say bacon, they mean chunks of pork belly. It was AWESOME. The spinach was overcooked and boring. Again, I expect more from this place. I guess I should stick to the main dishes, but I don't eat very much and avoid large slabs of meat. I heard the waiter say they are known for their steak that is just cooked in butter. Maybe next time. 

Oh yes, and dessert was the baked apple tartine. It would have been one the most awesome deserts ever had it not been sitting in a pool of syrup sauce. It soaked into everything, and it was like injecting my veins with pure sugar. I would try to order the sauce on the side, then it would be perfect.  

Otherwise I think I'll stick to brunch. My last review from brunch:

Brunch on Saturday. Ordered a mimosa and french toast. The french toast was served with house made blueberry syrup, with fresh blueberries on the side. Wasn't too sweet, until I got too full. Brought it back to my room to snack on later. Heated it up in the microwave, and it was still ok. Not as good, but still a good snack. All meals come with a fresh baguette. Yum!Really want give four stars but I just can't after my experience. I have lived in Vegas my whole life. Mon Ami Gabbi is one of my favorite places to take my friends when they come into town. From the ambiance to the view you can't go wrong. The crepes are my favorite and I always get the steak tar tar. I've never had a bad meal. Unfortunately I've noticed over the years that service is slipping. This is not an expensive restaurant but it's always a wait to get into but I alway find it worth coming back...

Heres my problem. 

Last time I was there we had THE most obnoxious waiter I've ever encountered in my life. I have ZERO problem with "gay" people and have lots of friends that are. But please, have some professionalism I don't enjoy being called "sweetie" nor do I enjoy the embracing antics and the flamboyance I'd see at a drag show. Please I respect you as a person but you (a man) don't need to be putting lipgloss on as you take my order. Making my guests who are men uncomfortable. Im a woman and I don't think that's appropriate for me to do in that situation either. This person thought that it had something to do with his lifestyle instead of me just finding him personally annoying. I asked the very kind manager to switch my table and even after she did he continued his verbal assault on me. 

After this I really just question the management at Mon Ami for letting him stay there. I say that because as the owner of company with 70+ employees this was by far unwarranted. I've never lost anyone in 3 years to any drama. I just wanted to take my friends to a beautiful QUIET brunch and did not appreciate the SHOW he was putting on. I'll be calling to see if he's working before I return next time because I'm not going let one bad egg ruin my favorite brunch spot.Needed to find a place for a weekend lunch with the bachelorette group and we ended up here.  Perhaps it was just my luck...but they sat us at a table where a large amount of spilled ketchup was all over the floor underneath the table.  They reseated us at a different table, but did not offer any apology....for the mess that attacked our feet.

Onto the food...I ordered the seafood crepe...the seafood was fresh and delicious and well flavored but I felt the crepe was rather unremarkable.  I've definitely had better crepes.  The fries that come with their sandwiches and burgers are delicious...really they aren't fries...they seem more like kettle chips in the shape of a fry.  And they are very addicting!!

The food took over an hour before it arrived at our table....and our waiter when we were trying to pay for the check was no where to be found....for a establishment on the strip...overall the service here is horrible and the food is at best slightly above mediocre.Mussels - Were good. More on the expensive side though. The wine sauce was tasty as well. Fries were small and crispy. Maybe too small for me though. 

Duck confit - Tasty, especially the skin. Would order again. The lentils under the duck were also tasty. 

Cod special - The fish itself was good but the dish as a whole was bland. 

Scallops- Were really good. Nice texture and flavor. I usually don't like scallops.Should have gone to Binions!
With 2000+ reviews how could a girl go wrong, right? I'm a visual learner so I'm going to break this down into Pros and Cons, just a warning there is going to be more in the cons column!

Pros
- Beautiful decor and lighting in the bar at least.
-Gluten free menu
-reasonable prices
-large portions (almost too much, like your own personal flank steak on a small serving platter)
-good bread
-fun little cream puff with a candle for your birthday

Cons
-Noise level, tile floors are nobody's friend
-extremely small waiting area (it's compromised of the hostess table, the bar and table seating)
-Service, pretty poor and lackluster, came back to the table twice, I noticed the table on the other side of us, had the same problem, trying to track down their fries before their meal was over
-No outside alcohol, (which I understand, but when rudely asked to drink it or it will be tossed, doesn't bode well for the rest of the evening)
-Reservations (this is what really burned my baguette; I made a reservation a week and half+ before the big day. I said it was my birthday and that we would have two people that are hard of hearing in our party and anywhere that was quieter would be great, maybe that was a ridiculous request but I don't think any of my requests were actually acknowledged that night. So with our two week advance reservation we arrived 30 minutes early and were told to wait, I had gleaned from other reviews that the seating times were a little delayed but we waited an extra 15 minutes on top of ours, so after shuffling through the crowd at the front, we are shown to our table and didn't have to walk far! It was 20 steps from the doorway and two steps from the bar and ordering system, so for my 27th birthday instead of a view of the Bellagio fountains I stared at a black floor mat and paper table covers! I was flabbergasted when we sat down and once I came to my senses I  asked the hostess if there were any other tables available not in the bar, she checked and said if we wanted to wait another 30mins there would be something then. Before you think I'm some disgruntled birthday girl, the table next to us, a husband and wife celebrating a birthday as well, were also dismayed to learn that their reservation meant a romantic view of the bartenders legs, they however had a better server and managed to get a better table, I guess we should have gone donner party on half of our group to get a worthy seating assignment.
Steak- the frites weren't anything special, the steak was tender but almost like it had been tenderized (Mom and Grandma both commented); the top layer had that mealy texture. This is coming from someone who eats steak like twice a year and was really looking forward to a good one. So to put insult to injury the steak I had consisted of a four inch section of sinew down the middle, you couldn't cut it! I told the waitress, which I never do, I am not a picky eater and never want to step on someone's toes ( bad haircut, no prob it'll grow out!) but tonight I had enough, she understood, took it away, brought out a new one, and comped it, which made up for the misery a little.

So on a whole this night was just so bad I had to write a review, I think I would have been happier with In-N-Out!Some might have had a good meal or two here but my experience wasn't good. 

I got the oysters and I took a closer look at them. I saw tiny little wormlike insects swarming all over them. 

Tiny little black maggots looking things in my oysters, I was pretty grossed out so I didn't eat that night and the nice waiter apologized but the manager was a douchebag didn't seem to give a crap. My friend got steak frites. Steak was dry tasteless and fries were soggy.

* horrible management, rude manager
* the wait was so long
* contaminated, disease ridden food.Nice street side seating. Enjoyed the brunch (Eggs Benedict) and bloody mary bar. Overall a good experience and would return.It saddens me to see this place go downhill from what it once was.  I always order the steak here, which used to be amazing.  Along with the view of the Bellagio fountain across the street, it would make for an incredible experience. Last time I was here, I had to spit out a good portion of my steak because it was not edible.  It used to be amazing quality here but they raised the prices and lowered the quality.I came to Mon Ami Gabi for lunch with my mom and sister. We sat inside because the 100 degrees beating down on diners on their patio didn't sound appealing. Their restaurant is nicely designed because although we were inside, we weren't really inside because the cafe portion is open air leading out to the patio. I really enjoyed the luxury of both the air conditioning and  outdoor seating. 

Their menu had a good selection, but not many options. For my entree I chose the chicken, mushroom, and kale crepe. I imagined my entree to be a dinky crepe, but I was very wrong! The crepe was huge and delicious! 

I'm giving Mon Ami Gabi 3 stars because it is good, but not amazing. I would come back again.Charged us $75 for water. I guess we have to ask for tap water? Do they offer tap water? This place is ridiculous. I guess I'm not a French restaurant kinda girl.Overrated.  My friends and I went here for Labor Day brunch.  We were pleased that there was no wait despite it being Labor Day.  We started off with some coffee, which was hot, tasty, and strong.  I decided to get the burger which was a pretty huge disappointment.  I ordered it medium rare but it was definitely medium well/well done.  I chose brie for the cheese in my burger and the portion for that was tiny - didn't even fill up the surface area of the burger and it was unevenly distributed.  There was a super thick piece on side side and a tiny on the other.  The lettuce on the burger was half of a piece of romaine, with a huge stem.  I hate having stems in the lettuce on a burger.  The bun could have been warmer too.  The frites were soggy, which was very disappointing.  Although it was all edible, the food did not live up to my expectations.  The actual restaurant itself is very nice and cute.  So much potential to be a 5 Yelp star place!

The service was pretty bad too.  The server would walk away before we even finished talking to her.  Way rude.

+1 star for ambiance, +1 for good pricesDespite the raving reviews posted here, we had a less than enjoyable time for our anniversary dinner. Most of it was spoiled by our waitress, who was too bossy at the table with my wife and acted impatient. She brought us a plate of the full mussel dish that had become cold. had to send it back... And then made to feel bad about it. As we were walking out she mentioned that she had forgotten to bring us something for our celebration... But in an off handed way to make us feel bad. unfortunately I would not recommend this for anyone.Someone shoot me next time I try to come here.  I don't know why I come back here.  The only saving grace is the service.  Food sucks. The steaks have been flattened by a bus so it's pretty much impossible to have it cooked any way but well done.  The noise level is ridiculous.  I was literally shivering eating dinner, it's so cold.  I guess they have to keep it so cold so they can cool down the outside seating area (and the rest of Las Vegas.)
In a word -- sucks.Ate there with a large group while visiting LV for a conference. 
First the food: our dinner was great! Started with the escargot and oysters both of which were very tasty. The escargot was cooked well, not chewy or rubbery but soft,  and delicate. I ordered the steak tartare (come on raw steak, all i can say is yes. . .) it was wonderful, meaty and served with pickles and a whole grain mustard, oh and let's not forget the gems on the plate. the pickled pearl onions, I would have eaten a pound of them if i could. 
that being said lets talk about the way you get seated. regardless of your reservation time you have to stand in a line waiting for seating. this makes NO sense what so ever. It is an issue that can easily be corrected by placing a hostess stand outside the restaurant, oh wait they have one of those but all they do is say ok now you have to stand in line and check in. So why are they there? No reason from what i can surmise. So we got into line 15 min before our 8 pm reservation. we finally got seated at 9pm! This is an issue that could easily be solved by giving the hostesses standing outside the restaurant the ability to check in people with reservations instead of standing in line. You charge top $$ for food but are the worst at organization of your seating. I will NOT be going back for this reason. there are similar restaurants with similar food with better organization. 
 
Just be warned if you go make sure you get in line and you MAY get seated around your reservation time.I ate here late night after an up night of gambling.  I ordered the following:

Filet Mignon
Seafood Platter
Skate Wing
French Onion soup

The steak didnt have much flava, even though it was cooked pretty nicely.  That means the meat was not AAAAA+, so veer away from that one.

The seafood platter was impressive.  It came with an entire lobster, oysters, shrimp, seaweed salad and tuna tartare.  The lobster doesn't come cracked, so prepare to get dirty.  This dish was $$$ but the lobster is def worth it.  My girl and her mommy loved the tuna tartare with big chunks of Ahi and Avo combo!

Sting ray you say?!  Aye mateeeee!  Def get this one.  The texture is like a more tender version of scallops.

French onion soup.  This one was in alot of the reviews and it was good.  Heavy on the cheese, and a hint of sweetness from the onions.  But $8 for a small bowl of soup?!  Better get lucky from the tables games then.Ate here again a couple weeks ago. The wait staff was extremely slow. The pate was extremely dry. The frisee salad was extremely bland. I remembered the food being better than this. Huge disappointment since I think it's such a cute eatery and love sitting on the patio, only when the sun is not glaring straight on my face.The food is pretty delicious. The portion sizes are decent (not to big not to small). The service however is horrible. Our waitress was rude and completely for got the drink order and the place wasn't even busy!! Never came back to check on the table and took forever to get the check. If you don't care for service then it's not a bad place at all.After a long two nights in Vegas, the gals and I decided we were in the mood for a GOOD breakfast. Fellow Yelpers steered us right into the arms of Mon Ami Gabi. 

After a very short wait, we were seated in the sun room at a quaint little table across from the Bloody Mary Bar. (This was a BIG hit with my girlfriend!) Our server was friendly and attentive, and we loved the open-air, non-smoky environment. We all seriously felt like we could be back in Paris, sitting at an outdoor cafe. It was kinda perfect!

We all loved our meals- I ordered the chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe. It was a delightful meal, and I wouldn't hesitate to go back on my next trip!I and my husband went there to have a lunch.We got a table very quickly  maybe bc it was Monday.service was okay,our waitress was not the friendliest,no smile at all....but it's Vegas.most of all the places have the same service here.the food was okay too.i love French food,and I have tried much better,in LA tho.
We got mussels as an appetizer,my husband liked them,for me it was a bit salty,we both like the fries what comes with it.we both got sandwiches for a meal.my husband got lobster roll,we liked it,it was fresh and tasty.i got a salmon one,nothing special...and again we liked the handmade potato chips,it was yummy!
So overall just 3 stars,but I would come back it's still better than a lot of other places on strip!it has a nice viewWarning dog owners this restaurant is listed as pet friendly. It is NOT PET FRIENDLY. But only for service animals. After waiting 20 minutes for a table, after I informed them that I had two small dogs. They still started to seat us just to turn us away at the last minute.  They need to be removed from the pet friendly list!!!Good:
Bread
Atmosphere
Many authentic French menu items
Wine selection

Bad:
Steak Frites - medium grade meat - weak sauces
Weak cheesesLunch was OK.  I had the soup de jour (lobster bisque) and the smoked salmon appitizer.  It was my first time tasting the soup...I thought it was going to be warm, but it was not warm at all.  The bread was so gooood!  I only way I finished my soup was dipping the bread in it.  I hardly touched my smoked salmon.  It was nothing special.  The patio seating was great!  I enjoyed watching the Bellagio fountian show!  I would come back, but I would not order the same plates.All three of us had the chicken and brie sandwhich- I'd give it 3.5 stars. Onion soup was very good but overly salty, so 3.5 for that as well. Very nice ambiance. Service was super slow, however, and cocktails were a bit weak. So three stars instead of four, but still worth visiting.This is a great place to sit outside and watch the world go by. It was so hot,we chose inside. Nothing spectacular. I would have chose something else but,I was there and what the hell. I ordered a steak which was the same quality as Ellis Island and at Ellis, the steak would have been half the price of this place.If you can get on the patio,go for it.I do not think inside is worth the money.There are just too many better restaurant options in Vegas other than Mon Ami Gabi ...

Mon Ami Gabi is a fairly popular French restaurant located in the Paris Hotel. The biggest reason to dine here will be their outdoor patio seating. These patio seats come with a great Bellagio fountains view and they are 1st come, 1st serve.

A pretty casual dining atmosphere and service was good. 

Steak Frites (Béarnaise, $27.95 - meium rare): Good steak quality, average tasting mashed potato, and flavor for béarnaise sauce was weak. (3.5/5)

Chicken Paillard (roast kabocha squash-sautéed mushrooms, lemon butter, $20.95): I liked the chicken, but nothing really struck me as special. (3/5)

This is a good example of somewhat mediocre restaurants in Vegas.was good. thankfully i did not pay for the food, otherwise i'd probably be upset.

looked around for the "best burger in las vegas" and thought it'd be here. it wasn't.

the search journeys on.


**first time eating snails, though! that earned it an extra star.Because I'm new to the area I've had a lot of opportunity to experience things in Vegas that I didn't really have much time for when coming for vaca. I have to say 90% of the great places I've eaten at were not on the strip. I was really disappointed with the food quality here. Service was great though.  I've made better steak myself and the burger I tried was not even medium rare like it was ordered. I've had better escargot from the freezer section of the grocery store. The only way this place could have been better was if I were wasted from the drinks I DIDN't consume playing slots.Came here on Independence weekend. my 3rd time here after a year and the quality of service and food went down since they've gained popularity due. 

When i got there at 8:30, the greeting/book person was so rude to me. I asked for a table and I agreed to wait the 30 minutes for the patio but when i asked her if there was anywhere to sit and wait she laughed at me in a condescending matter saying "i don't know, outside?". i just wanted to leave but my family was already on their way. and when the table was available she didn't let me sit until everyone was present even though i saw my family members standing in line outside... 

waiter was nice to me, but the food's quality has gone down so so so much. i proclaimed this steak the best I've ever had before, but now its just as bad as any other. everyone asked for medium rare classic steak. and for 30 mins i was chewing beef gum. really hard to cut (got stringy) and i just couldn't chew it. the fries used to be very crispy but that night it was soggy. 

yeah... never again, there are other steakhouses on the strip.Great atmosphere outside, right across from the Bellagio fountains and great for people watching. 
My drink of choice was the Frangria! The french twist on Sangria! It wasn't too sweet and not much fruit in the drink itself, except for some orange slices, but it was good. I ordered a second round. 
Food was ordered. Appetizers included Escargot - it came in a DELICIOUS garlicy sauce perfect for dipping the bread in. Could probably make this a meal with the bread and AMAZING sauce! I tried one of the snails too and it really doesn't taste like anything. But DAAAAAMN, that sauce!!! NOM NOM NOM! 
I had a Caesar salad and it was nothing to rant and rave about. When it hit the table I was actually rather disappointed with the presentation and how PLAIN it looked. The French Onion soup wasn't too bad, the usual saltiness and nice and cheesy.
For my entree I of course had to order the Scallops! I was actually NOT impressed with the scallops at all. I ate two of them and had the rest boxed up. Normally no matter how full I am, I would DEVOUR my scallops. They were just so-so. Not as tender, buttery, awesomely-delicious as ones I've had in the past. 
Friend ordered the special, Bacon wrapped filet medallions with fingerling potatoes. I like bacon, but I really don't care for bacon wrapped foods. I tried a piece with the bacon on it and wasn't really impressed. Then I tried a piece without the bacon and it tasted a lot better to me. 
For dessert we ordered the Chocolate Mousse which was OKAY. It came with these little chocolate crunchy balls on top that I didn't care for too much, but the Mousse itself wasn't bad. 
There was also White Chocolate Bread Pudding which was GOOD! I've had bread pudding before and never really liked it but this one was actually DELISH. 
I believe my dessert was THE best one out of the three: the Banana's Foster Crepe! So SO good with the caramel, sliced bananas and vanilla ice cream! It was fresh tasting and awesome! NOM NOM!Very hyped but couldn't live up to it. I would personally never go to a very hyped restaurant because there are long lines and the food is not always good. "it looks better than it tastes!" "I don't know what is this supposed to be!" are some of the comments made by my friends at this place. We were here for dinner. 

The waitress was very nice. She was pleasant and always available for all of our needs. She also helped us understand the menu. Now the menu is in french because we are in Paris! If you go to Paris, with the real eiffel tower, you will find menu in more than one languages! The atmosphere is very dark, low light and crammed places for us to sit. 

The appetizers were very good. I would strongly recommend those to anyone who is here for just a bite and some booze. I am not sure I can say that for anything else on the menu. Now for a good restaurant, it is very hard to screw up the appetizers. But the main dishes even though their menu has not changed much over the years are not excellent taste. The location definitely invites a lot of people because they can get the free view of the Belaggio fountains. 

Avoid if you are looking for an intimate place to seat and eat very good food. Go if you don't care about the food but want to check off a place that is hyped and you can brag about it to your friends.This place does not accommodate people with diet restrictions. The assistant manager Toni is especially arrogant and I was almost sent to the ER because of her incompetence.. yes believe it or not Toni, some people can have allergies and diet restrictions. How is someone like that working in food business?

For our party of 15, one plate tasted great and 14 of 15 were not good. I do not recommend dinner at this restaurant. Toni should be working in the kitchen and not interact with customer. 


Dinner is not recommended at this restaurant!The food was average and staff was not very friendly. The egg benedict bread was so hard that we could not cut it with a steak knife. Overall not worth the hype.Ate here in Jan 2013.  

This was always on our "must do" list for Las Vegas.  We used to go a couple times a year but skipped 2010 and 2011 altogether so were very much looking forward to eating here again in 2013.  

It is definitely not as good as we remembered.  The Frangria is still GREAT but the food was not.  The warm brie tasted like it had freezer burn or that refrigerator taste?   I know you know what I'm talking about.  The mussels were not good at all and were cold (should have been warm) and the frites were soggy.  

Service was good.  

I'll go back and just have the Frangria next time we go, and just eat somewhere else.Huge disappointment on the food quality. Bread was hard and chewy. Meat was salty and overcooked. It seems like the food was prepared days ago and they just reheat before serving.  

Only came here for the view and people watching while eating brunch. Probably got the best outdoor seating with a blast of AC.It must have been our bad luck.

We saw the thousands of reviews and just had to make a stop. We went for dinner and had a nice seat inside but patio adjacent, which meant a view of the Bellagio fountain show.

The food... We ordered steak and the trout. Our waiter sold us on the trout as boneless. Great! I hate bones. Well... Boneless it was not. It actually had enough bones that I had to put them on the tablecloth (sorry... really not ladylike) because I had no more room on the rim of my plate... When we told our server, she seemed surprised but not really apologetic. That said, our bill came back with the fish comped. A very sweet gesture that we didn't ask for.

Wish it had lived up to the hype. Maybe we should have gone for brunch here instead.Had lunch here this morning with my girlfriends and 9 year old daughter.

Hostesses were okay; they never smiled. Our server was alright; she looked like she doesn't like people that much and the food was mediocre. The best part was having seated outside the Terrace. We had a great view of the strip right across the beautiful Bellagio fountain. 

I love salmon egg Benedict. Their salmon was thin, the bread wasn't fresh but the eggs were cooked perfectly, runny just like the way I like it but it was a bit bland.

My expectation for breakfast wasn't met but I would come back here for dinner, I heard dinner here is delicious so I'll give their dinner menu a try.Eek! Methinks NOT is right.
Didn't like the food. was WAY too SALTY.
If you heard about the view. Don't Bother, with the Trees, buses and Crowd you will not really Enjoy. So for the Price and Food Quality, Me thinks NOT is right haha. Hope this helps. 
If you are a Local, I would Rather go to Marche Bacchus, at-least you get good Food there.The service is terrific here.
Food-
Chicken moose pate was good.
Steak, asked for medium and got well done. Texture and flavor was not all that.
Scallops, horrific! Texture and taste, worst ever.
Red apple martini, very delicious.
For over $80, it's hurts!I wanted this to be a romantic night overlooking the Bellagio fountains before going to "O" cirque du soleil. My night was foiled by one misstep after another which added up to be a 3 star rating.

1. We had to wait 20 minutes after arriving despite coming 5 min early to our reservation.
2. We wanted to share a salad "endive and pear" which was delicious, but did not split or give a second plate until we asked.
3. I ordered the trout which was overcooked and impossible to cut with the dull butter knives.
4. It was overcrowded, extremely loud and not romantic at all.

Needless to say we did not get seated outdoors because there was a 2.5 hour wait.

The salad was tasty as was the mashed potatoes, but for $100 dollar check I should have received better service.Me and my friends ate here last wednesday to have a taste of french cuisine, however, our server is not that friendly, it took a long time for him to take our order, he is not even smiling at us he just took our order and refilled our water it feels like he doesnt even care that we are there. I wish I asked for his name, other server who put our food in our table were very friendly and has smile on their faces. We regret that we even tipped our server. About the food, their pasta is really good their steak is really tasty however my steak is tough. Their chocolate mousse is superb! We will not go back to this restaurant again, if we will I will ask for another server if the same guy will serve us.Steak and eggs weren't very flavorful. Waitress didn't do our order properly (missed a few details but we're not big complainers). Eggs Benedict was pretty basic. Nothing to brag about. House coffee is meh... Nice atmosphere and fun to people watch on the patio.ehh  overrated!!
price was ok, but the food was not. 
Our steak was really thin and dry. We requested medium-rare but what they gave us was overcooked..
other plates didn't have much flavor.. 
One thing I HATED!!about this place was the menu they handed us.
I was sticky, dirty, blurry at some parts... ewww
seriously, they should print new ones and put new covers on it..I wanted to love this place but I couldn't. Hoping to start the day with a good breakfast ended up with disappointment. Went with a group of four, ordered the egg Benedict, mushrooms omelet, savory crepe, and  another dish with poached eggs which I forgot the name. All eggs were overcooked, coffee dripped all over the table. With the high rating and beautiful setting, it's sad the basic didn't tackled right.High expectations meet reality.

And please someone change that $$ to $$$.

Service was so-so, with weak recommendations from the waitress.  Here's what we ordered:

- Escargots de Bourgogne (oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter) - pretty good

- Housemade Country Pate (cornichons, whole grain mustard, warm country bread) - a LOT of pate, too little bread, I liked this dish, but talk about disparity b/t the two.

- Chicken Liver Mousse (burgundy red wine mustard, toasted brioche) - same as above, with respect to mousse to bread ratio - too much mousse, too little bread.  I was looking forward to this dish, but that burgundy red wine mustard is just nasty and overpowering), pass!

- Sea Scallops Gratinees (caramelized fennel & onion marmalade, mussel cream) - thin scallops that were tasty, but surrounded by too much cheese.  Should have gone with the entree version instead, sigh...

- Rack of Lamb Special - overpowering mustard sauce on the lamb that was just unpleasant.  The lamb was tender and the au jus was tasty.  Excise the sauce and it is  tasty, but $36 worth of tasty?  No.

- Creme Brulee - this was the best dish of the night, nice and creamy with the right thickness to the sugary top.We stopped here for appetizers.

1. The food was fantastic. We liked it. 

2. The problem? The waitress. She was rude and refused to listen. We told her when she greeted us that we were only here for appetizers. She asked us NO less than 4 times what we planned on having for dinner. Then, she forgot my wine -- TWICE. 

ALL in all -- would think twice before returning due to service.I reserved a long time in advance for a friend's birthday.  We requested a table in a quiet section and this wish was granted.  The service was ok.  The decor is nice.  It is a bit loud and crowded.  The food was ordinary.  I was expecting better.The crepe is good. Egg Benedict is on the dry side. They do not have total reward discount.The line for patio seating was hella long.  We walked right in and were seated in the bright sunny solarium.  Score 1 for me.  Awesome servers here kept our coffee and waters full, brought me my yummy mimosa, and got our orders quickly. 

Immediate upon sitting they bring you your own crisp baguette with butter.  Absolutely delish.  We both ordered eggs Benedict.  I was impressed with the very crisp English muffin, and while my eggs were ok, my husband complained about the lack of egg whites on his, where they separated from the yolk during poaching.  For the money, I would come back here.Who knew the French could make great burgers?  Overall good experience here. The bread was awesome. The food my friends had looked great. Their beer selection could use improvement and the staff looked busy and not very open to conversation. If you do go I suggest a seat in the patio. Great people watching out there. Next time I go I want to try the bloody mary bar. Looks interesting.I was impressed that they had a gluten free menu but there was not one gluten free vegan option so I just asked them to make me quinoa with vegetables.  Somehow what I got was a bowl of broth so I had to try to fish out my meal which now was soaked and had no flavor.  I can't imagine what the chef was thinking when he poured broth over my meal and turned it into soup.Ever since I moved to Las Vegas people have told me about Mon Ami Gabi and when my boss came to town and wanted to meet for lunch and since he was staying at Bally's, MAG seemed like a perfect place to meet.

The decor was nice, the service good and attentive, the bread was nice and crusty so I expected to really enjoy my lunch.  Even the house Merlot was good.

I ordered the Steak and Frites with bleu cheese, one of my favorites.  The steak seemed to be pounded thin but did not have much steak flavor.  The bleu cheese was flavorful but it didn't raise my opinion of the food.  I found the frites to be too stringy, not crispy and was disappointed by them.  Had I been on anything other than a business lunch I would have sent it all back and ordered something else.

Again, the service and decor was fine and my boss ordered a cobb salad that looked great and he didn't say anything so I assume it was fine.  

I am not sure if I want to try again, on my own dime or not.My wife and i went here for our anniversary last night. The food was great but now as good as the people watching:) 
I woke up this morning to look in the review journal to see mon ami gabi recieved a c rating from the health district........maybe would have thought twice about the oysters and tuna tartar knowing this.
We had the brie, seafood sampler, and shared a filet mingon. The service was really great from "20"? They wear nametags with numbers on them? But she was really cool and the service was great.I was recommended this place by a friend knowing I was going to Las Vegas. The view was nice since it was across the street from the Bellagio and you can see the water show as a lot of reivewers were saying, this place was always packed every time I passed it on the strip. We were seated right away because of reservations, you def want to get a reservation if you don' t wait more than an hour. We sat inside only because I feel it's not very clean being outside, don't want random bugs in my food, or rain. 

We ordered the Bone-In Ribeye. Medium. Both of us, it comes with these flat crispy fries. I was in a a hoodie and jean shorts, and my husband was in a tshirt and khakis, we felt a little under dressed but no one said anything, there were others who had casual clothes on too, but it would be a nice place to dress up to also. 

My Ribeye tasted like a sirloin. I wanted medium but it tasted like medium well done. It was hard and grimy. I didn't like it. The fries were ok,  I was too embarrassed to ask for ketchup. hahah. 

First time here, I'm not sure what else I'd order next time if I ever came back, Maybe try breakfast, I just thought this was an ok place to go. I'm a meat eater so everything else on the menu I didn't care for. 

I had an overpriced steak for sure. Even texas road house steak tasted better. So much for $40 steak.This resturant is so adorable and the service was excellent. I came here for dinner with my boyfriend the day we arrived in Vegas. I ordered the Vegetable  tagine and my boyfriend had the Steak classique. I wasnt the biggest fan of my meal and I wish this place had more options for vegetarians but my boyfriend did enjoy his steak. Overall not a bad resturant but I think it may be better for breakfast or lunch.I thought I would give Mon Ami Gabi another try and I would say three stars for the food and two stars for the service.

We stopped in for lunch and did not want to wait for the patio seating-and now I wish we did since we were having such nice weather.

Lobster roll was very good, frites were fried to perfection frisee salad was forgettable and if you're considering the French classic Croque Monsier for $11 skip it.  A slapped together embarrassment.  Cheese was not melted and no sauce on top-and a waste of money.  

Service was nonexistent.  I don't think I'll be coming back for a while.I have wanted to eat here for a long time. I had heard a lot of great things but this is not a restaurant you should goto for steak. The sirloin cut in the steak frites was more tender than the filet. How is that possible??

We were there for lunch. We had a patio seat  and enjoyed the view of the fountains. It was a slightly windy day and they would not open up the umbrellas. The sun best down on us which didn't help. 

The service was good. 

My expectation were set high before I came here. Not at all what I expected.Have always loved this place but very upset this time Walked in and ask for a table outside in the shade under an umbrella  I got attitude and a comment back  that the sun moves so they can't guarantee a table in shade. Ok so is you are a good host and alittle more than 14 you should know which tables are currently in the sun and which are in shade with an umbrella. So they walk us outside and offered the one table that is completely in the 100+ heat sun.  I said do you not see this table is in complete sun. When I asked for another table and pointed to atleast 4 others in the shade near us I was ignored and taken to another table that was  also in the sun. Hello what part of shade do you not get. Next to this sun table was atleast 6 shades tables.  Got our food and I had the longest black hair in it I ever saw. All 3 hostesses had black long hair. I say no moreI have come to the conclusion that not one single restaurant in Paris Hotel Casino Resort is edible.  Not the cafe(s), nor the buffet, and now add Mon Ami Gabi to the list.  

I've been staying at this hotel/casino for 5 days (Thanks for the Comp Red Room, Paris!).  Our last night here so I thought I'd give this place a try.  I was hugely disappointed at my meal.  We were seated in the 'Atrium Room' with direct view of Bellagio Fountain.  Yes, it was nice but I came here for the food.  There is a door opened out to the outdoor seating area and the constant chill wind which cools the food very fast was not 'cool'.  

The Jumbo Lump Crab Cake (celery root remoulade, gribiche sauce) was really average.  I'm glad it was grilled and not deep fried. 

The Butter Lettuce & Honey Apple Crisp Salad (roasted beets, aged goat cheese, apple cider vinaigrette)  was also forgettable.  I could barely taste the dressing.  

The Roast Chicken & Frites ( all-natural roasted half chicken, mushrooms, bacon, pearl onions) - oh pleeeaaasssee!  Costco's Rotisserie chicken had more flavor than this.  It was dry and tasteless!

The Filet Mignon (merlot butter, red wine reduction) which is their signature dish and you would think it should stand out!  First of all, I ordered it medium and it came as medium rare.  The sauce was supposed to be merlot butter but it was so bland that I had to add quite a bit of salt and pepper to flavor it.  But after about 3 bites, I had to trade it with my fiance for his Roast Chicken which was even worse!  

And those FRITES, what the hell were those?  String potato chips?  You could have served it with FRENCH fries and that would have been better.  

Service was friendly but I wouldn't say it was attentive.  The waiter was more interested in talking to his fellow servers than to his guests.  

It's food like this that reminds me of why I don't care for French restaurants!Als wir früh morgens um 7 Uhr eintraten und fragten, ob man draussen die Wärmepilze einschalten wird, war die Antwort vom Manager kurz und knapp (und in einer sehr unfreundlichen Art): Nein, es sei draussen genug warm. Naja - es waren gerade mal 16 Grad, Danke! Wir bestellten egg white only Omeletten - diese lagen uns beiden interessanterweise auch nach 3 Std noch quer im Magen (sprich uns war schlecht). Das Baguette jedoch war top! Dafür lohnt es sich ins Mon Ami Gabi zu gehen. Nicht jedoch für die restiche Qualität des Essens oder der eher überheblichen Bedienung. Preis/Leistung stimmen für Europäer nicht...Food is average but you can't beat the people watching. Make sure you get a table on the patio close to the rail.Review of breakfast.  Nice view and location on the Las Vegas Strip for a tourist.  The croissant sandwich was just ok.  A turn-off was the garnish, brownish/expiring frisee.  My friend got the mushroom omelette which was also just ok.  The toast that came with it was burnt.  The service was slow and seemed like our waitress took a break after taking our order.  We had to ask twice of other waiters for water.In a word, drop. Did not realize it was in a casino but when I found out I still went in.  Food not good. No layers of flavors just industrial French food.  Had the Duck in Orange.  Avoid.  Server was nice and attentive. Thats way I gave them 1 star instead of zeroThis establishment is overrated. They offer some good food but not for the price that they are selling it at. Drinks are overpriced.  I guess the price you pay to sit on the patio. Our server ignored my table. I attempted to get his attention several times and ignored me. Refused to look at us even when he stood next to our table. When it came to the bill I found a charge for a steak we did not order.  It turned out he sneaked in an upgrade to a meal we didn't request.  He insisted we pointed at that item but I know we didn't. I have seen this activity before. Preying on the rich and betting on the fact you don't check your bill. I always check the bill, thanks to my mother's habit of checking the bill. I have been here several time but never again.Make a reservation before you come here.  We made that mistake and waited about an hour for a table.  

If you are looking for a nice and quite place to catch up with a friend or have a romantic dinner, this is not your place.  This place is actually pretty loud.

Service here was impeccable.  Our waters were always filled and the server check on us often to see if we need anything.  They have a good system going on and it is working well!

Items ordered:

French Onion Soup - OMG....this soup is soooooooo good.  This is a must try!

Steak Bearnaise - Steak was okay.  I think I rather have a big chuck on steak than having a thin slice.  Although it was think, it was still cook to perfection.  The sauce that came with it was okay only.  This dish also came with Pomme Frites which was pretty good.

Grilled Asparagus - nothing special... just grilled asparagus.

Nice place to dine but I just gotta remember to make reservations the next time I come to try different items on the menu.Meh? The only thing truly worth the hype at this restaurant is the view of the Bellagio fountains. We got to see the show every 20 minutes as we sat on the outside patio under some heat lamps.

We got a steak and a pear salad, and it was decent but quite pricey. For example, the salad was slightly over $10 and for that price I would've expected a large salad that could actually serve as a meal. Instead, it was more like a side dish. I think some mention large portions, but this is not true at all. The steak dish did come on a large plate, but 75% of the dish was filled with frites, a ton of tiny little thin cut and crispy fries. Not really my favorite kind, especially in that quantity.

This is a fancy yet affordable place for business meetings and group get-togethers, but make sure you get a reservation if coming during a busy season like CES. There is also still a line for reservations, but it's much better than waiting in the non-reservation line.

I probably wouldn't come here again as I could just watch the fountain show for free and with an even better view, and the food is not worth returning for.I've eaten here before and the food was great but this time was different. I ordered the 3 egg breakfast and had my eggs over medium. Everything tasted fine but when I went to break the last yoke, there was speckles of green. At first I thought it was pieces of chives but as I picked at it the green just bled into the yolk. I'm not saying it was mold, and from what I could taste it wasn't foul. 

But what alarmed me was that when I told our waitress to take a look and just have the kitchen check their eggs in case it was mold to prevent a future complaint she just looked confused at me, didn't even look at my plate and said "oh" and walked away. 

She never apologized or looked at my plate to confirm the green. She didn't even take my plate away to show the kitchen. I took a photo of it before the bus boy took away my plate, which tells me she probably never told the kitchen either.The bread that they bring out is delicious but everything else is uninspired. The server talked up the steak sooo much. She said it was the specialty of the house; it didn't taste like prime...wait it didn't even taste like choice. I ordered the escargot and thought it had more bitter than what I would expect. Not much of the menu really seems French but the place is charming and has an awesome view of the fountains at Bellagio. The three stars are for the location mostly.I regret to inform you I will never recommend your eatery to anyone. For months we had been planning our daughter 21st birthday celebration we chose to have her "birthday Dinner" at Mon Ami Gabi Las Vegas last Saturday (making our reservations weeks ago). Our table was not ready when we arrived and we were asked to stand at the bar are where there was very little room. The table they placed our party of 8 at was obviously only meant for 6. From the moment our server arrived at out table his attitude was deplorable. He was very impatient with questions we had regarding the menu. We eventually asked for bread and an assistant of his brought some out to us. As we ordered he became more impatient with our table. He acted as if we were a bother him. It was obvious we were celebrating as our daughter had a birthday crown and sash on. Not once did he act like our dinner was anything special (only an annoyance to him). He seemed very disgusted in the fact the two entrees wer e going to be shared. While ordering wine he was quick to point out I was uneducated in French wines. We where all from the Napa Valley and very familiar with the products in our region (I am not from France). We were not allowed to bring the sparkling or still wine we travelled with for our dinner. Forced to order off your wine list and having questions he left me feeling stupid...When our tables soup arrived cold (not delivered by him, nor did he come to see if it was ok) I was able to call someone over to have the soup go back. Our waiter did learn of the cold soup and discussed in front of our table with his co-workers. He stated that we were not the 1st table to get cold soup that night. Again he showed his disgust in front of our "party". Our entrees arrived (not all at once). While the meal was tasty the server completely ruined the meal for me and my 7 guests including our birthday girl. The "complimentary dessert" that was brought to our daughter was lack lu ster after our treatment at dinner. I would NEVER have left him 18% tip however I complied with the bill. Not wanting to take any more away from our "special evening" I chose to contact you upon our return home. Our $330 dinner will not be long forgotten; however it will be because of the bad taste it left with all of us. The "fine dinning" we had been promised did not exist. 
Wrote above to them directly. Got a response that they would like for us to try them again...like I go to Vegas every week..NOT!Came here for brunch for my birthday weekend and it was a total fail. Its rare to say that yelp has totally disappointed me on this one.

 I got the steak and frites bordelaise. The frites were good but I got tired of it so quick because it was too salty. The steak was not even that great. It had way too much sweet flavor going on on such a thin sliced steak.
My friends got the broccoli and cheese crepe and it was gross.
 Another friend got the tuna melt sandwich, the presentation of this dish was nice but it was also gross.. All I could taste was the olive and I hate olives. 
My other friend got the quiche and it was nothing special. 
The only good dish was the prime steak sandwich with au jus sauce but I have had better in oc.

The service was eh. Our server was slow and rarely checked up on us.  This restaurant is overhyped.Very nice spicy bloody mary. The mix was very tomato based, but I love that. On to the food - the Eggs Benedict special was so buttery and the sauce so lemony that stomach still hurts hours later. I gave the bacon to my husband, who said it tasted like they poured maple syrup on it. The ratatouille that came with was surprisingly flavorless, and overall this place is just an average overpriced vegas breakfast. Maybe something else on the menu would have been better, but I won't be back to find out.Steak was tasty. Service was bad-ok: they didn't clear plates between courses (I had a pile...and they kept walking by) and the service wasn't as friendly as elsewhere.

BIG gripe: they've tried to be 'cool' with their fries - they've fucked it up royally - they're so thin and crispy you can't actually eat them with a fork. A total joke - hence two stars.My fiancee and I went there back in May when we were in Vegas. The food was incredible! The only downside was our service. We were both out of water for awhile and, despite the fact that there were server assistants walking by us with water pitchers and one looking right at us and our table as he walked by, we went about 15 minutes with nothing to drink.The staff here are literally so rude. Right down the bottom of the menu it reads, please ask if you have any diet requirements, we will cater to your needs. Just don't bother. You'll most likely get eyes rolled at you like we did by our server who looked like she would rather stick pins in her eyes than serve us.  

For such an expensive resturant you'd think customer service would at least be a prority. Wrong 

Save your money for the ladies of the night and grab a meal at a little stop along the strip instead.Service is friendly and pretty quick considering it was busy. 

But not at all impressed with the food. The three of us ordered mussels, corned beef hash, and the $30 steak. 

The mussels were fine, if you're going to come here for lunch - I recommend that of the three things I tried. The corned beef hash was plain and the plating was awful. It looked like it was thrown onto the plate. The steak was so thin. You can get away with recreating that dish by going to your local grocery store and you'd save $20.00

It's a cute restaurant and you'd expect for its location that you'd experience fine dining, but the food isn't great.I have been here two times, and for me this time around fell a little flat.. Which could be due to numerous things.. The patio was open and had some heat lamps..but it was getting a little too windy by the end of the night to really enjoy the meal. It might be nice to have a covering over the patio during the winter if you decide to serve food out there.. However, the view from the patio of the Bellagio fountain was spectacular and worth the chill.

The food for me felt a little underwhelming and so did the service. I felt our table seemed like an afterthought for the waitress who was clearly busy, but when she was present she was very nice. The busser who was wating on us did so excellently, I kinda wished he had been our waiter.. She forgot the salad on one order but did bring out two desserts for the birthday boys.. so that made up for it.

I ordered the escargots.. typically delicious, but this version for me, while full of garlic and butter lacked some acid (white wine or lemon or both) to enhance the flavors.. the dish was simply too bland. 

I had the filet au poivre with the rouqefort sauce along with root veggies subbed for the frites, for my main.. The flilet was done properly, but the roquefort was barely visible and there was no sauce at all in the "roquefort sauce" it was a small pat of the cheese broiled to death on top of the filet.. The root veggies were really good..The frites seemed too much like potato chips and not at all like the frites classically served..so luckily for me I was able to substitute another side which was really good.

The desserts, while not bad were not good either..the white chocolate bread pudding sounded yummy in theory but sadly it was not sweet and very bready in flavor.. no white chocolate flavors were found in this dish. The chocolate mousse was a matter of taste I suppose.. the small crunchy chocolate balls that covered the top took over the dish and the taste of the chocolate in the mousse were again lacking and too sweet. I should stress, it is really all a matter of taste for me..but I just can't sugarcoat this one.

I will be back again this summer and give it another whirl, it could have just been an off night..We had a reservation for 4 people at 10AM Saturday.  The restaurant was already quite full.  We bypassed the "No Reservations" line and went in the one for reserved guests.  We were greeted by a cadre of 5 people; not actually greeted, they made it appear that were intruding on their busy day.  We were seated promptly on the patio, right under a strong current of cold air from the A/C.  Nice ambiance, though a bit noisy.  Our waiter was very friendly, enjoyable and fairly attentive.  The food was a disappointment.  We all had the Special Eggs Benedict, that sounded nice; for a small premium over the regular Benedict (which comes with bacon), you get no bacon, but instead a slice of avocado and a slice of heirloom tomato, plus chives in the Hollandaise sauce.  So we tried it and ordered a side of date-glazed bacon.  How many slices?  It depends on the slice size, maybe 2 or maybe 3 - we were fortunate to get 3 slices and it was delicious, perfectly cooked.  The avocado was quite thin, the tomato had no flavor, one of the eggs was broken and the Hollandaise sauce was not as good as the instant sauce we often use at home.  The coffee was good.  It is ideally situated in the heart of the Strip and a good place to meet friends if you don't care much about the food.  It would be far more impressive at night if you score a patio seat where you can enjoy the lighted Bellagio fountain display.Rip offs charge 13 dollars for locals to valet for one hour!  Pure evil!  No validation at restaurants!  I will never return!We felt the atmosphere and service were great but the food was very average. We won't go back. There are much better restaurants in Vegas for the same price.Yes it is a French Style eatery, but does the hostess have to be so rude. Most places would call the hostess, "The Director of First Impressions". My first impression was not a good experience. We did have a good meal, Not anything to highlight. It seem that our order was rushed and put together.Great atmosphere. Very tres-chic. The candles on the table and dim lighting give a nice romantic-feel but it's really loud. Food was a-ok. Not the best steak I had but the great wine selection makes up for it. Oh, and the view of the Bellagio water show was not too shabby. Would I go here again next time I'm in Vegas? Yes, if I'm craving good wine and decent food at a reasonable price.Went to Mon Ami Gabi this past weekend for lunch. I've eaten here numerous times before and all have been great experiences. Had dinner here this past summer on my birthday. However, this time it was disappointing! I ordered the seafood crepe. It's been years since I've had it, so I thought why not. I remembered it being very flavorful, the crepe filled with whole large shrimps, scallops, mushrooms & peas. This time around the crepe was folded thinly with ONLY peas and sauce. And sadly, sitting on top of the crepe were 2 pieces of shrimp and 2 medium scallops. The sauce and crepe itself tasted very bland! My friend ordered the lobster roll. She was very pleased with it. She said it was delicious and filled with lobster chunks. On a positive note, the baguette was delicious and our server was nice. I will still dine here, but I won't order the seafood crepe again.Seafood crepe is good but the steak is average. Good choice for lunch die to the sunshine on strip.Ok so I took my girl here for our Valentine's dinner. We made a reservation way in advance. So we wanted a patio seating, we were told it would be a 30-45 min wait. 

So making a reservation was pointless but we were cool with the wait. An hour and a half later...finally get a table. 

We have have a pretty good view outside of the fountains and the tower. Our appetizers were pretty good, I got the gnocchi. Glad there were gluten free options. Now to the entrées...

I had the beef wellington. The dough was raw on the inside and the beef was RARE! They sent it back...still raw dough but was over it.

They comped us a free dessert for sending it back. Service was great but for the wait and food, I don't think the price justified it compared to other restaurants on the strip.I've had my eye on this restaurant for years now and never had the chance to try it because each time i went to Vegas something always prevents me from coming here. Then finally, i had the chance to try Mon Ami Gabi for the first time last month. 
I made reservations on Sunday for a party of 6 at 6pm and when we arrived we got seated right away. My friends and I ordered many of the popular items and tried each other's meals. Things i've tried: 
- Smoked Salmon: This was pretty tasty. Went very well with the bread they gave you. 
- Escargots: I didn't try this, but my friends said it was okay.
- Filet Mignon: Cooked with a batter that surrounded the steak. I didn't quite enjoy it and thought it wasn't so flavorful
- Steak Bordelaise: This one was actually really flavorful and better than the filet mignon to me (surprisingly because it was half the price of the filet mignon)
- Chicken Grandmere: Mediocre, nothing special about this chicken. 
- Caramelized sea Scallops: Very salty and not that tasty to me 
- Pork Pillard: thick cut, kind of chewy. Not that great to me 
- Mac & Cheese: It was cheesy but not the best mac and cheese i've tasted. Kind of bland
- Aparagus: Mediocre, nothing special 
 
Overall, i was a bit disappointed with this restaurant. I thought the food was going to be top notch, but everything tasted mediocre and didn't blow my mind. I enjoyed the fresh bread and pickled carrots they gave in the beginning. Service was a bit slow due to the high crowds. Ambiance is a bit loud and voices echo because we sat in the patio area. Pretty restaurant. Great views of the Eiffel towel along with the surroundings. I would not come back if i was in vegas and it was truly a one time thing.I am not normally a fan of going to the strip to eat. I do however enjoy going here on occasion. I like this restaurant but it always seems cramped and crowded, tough to have a conversation. We arrived and were seated promptly due to having a reservation. Service was on top of getting us drink orders and appetizer round. As an Appetizer we had the warm Brie Cheese. A delightful appetizer that prepares your meal without feeling heavy. The Wife had that Almond trout. She always has this and it never disappoints. I had Gabi's Fish & Frites. Basically fish and chips. This was not what I expexted and was greatly surprised. It is a pan fried trout with Panko crust. I really enjoy their tarter sauce i had to order extra. Overall a great meal despite the cramped feeling during the meal.Had a nice little meal here the first night of a conference I attended. I've been to the one in Chicago, and liked it, and there aren't any real complaints here, either.

Started with the baked goat cheese and tomato sauce. It was tasty, but I'm a sucker for any type of goat cheese-based dish. My main course was the scallop dish, and while there were 5 scallops on my plate, they were paired with a few measly mushrooms and it just didn't go well together.

The view was great, though - we sat instead by right by the windows facing the Bellagio. It was like dinner and a show.Not quite sure how this has 4 stars. Food was average and a bit overpriced for the quality of food. My filet was overdone and just okay. I quite liked the frites - crispy and flavorful.A good view to people watch on the Strip.  It is across from Bellagio so a dinner reservation outside on the patio gives you a free fountain show to go along with dinner.  The Waite staff was very good and there were some good options on the menu.  A pretty good wine list as well.  It gets pretty busy for dinner so a reservation is suggested.We made it for my favorite time, BRUNCH!
   Anyways, we requested outside seating.. 35 min wait, no problem. We finally got seated but it was very tight. Meaning if u needed to get up and walk-by or scoot over, it would be a problem. It was very busy but a restaurant should never try to cramp up tables close to one another... Eventually the manager came out and asked if my husbands friend can move his seat because he is clearly in the way of all the servers, because they need to get through to bring out plates. 
     Our friend was completely upset due to the such request, while looking at other tables, there was a few that could've moved around to accommodate our needs, but instead they decided to single us with an improper demand. The manager said we can provide another table, in which we agreed... BUT we had to get up and wait outside or by the bar... Why? Just get the other table ready and then we will move to it.. we already had drinks and an appetizer out... It looked like she was bothered by the response and obviously my husband friend was not so happy. He became the bigger person and moved and we just decided to stay at our table where the sun was hitting 50% of our table. 
      The food food finally came out. I ordered the salmon salad. It tasted very plain, I wish it had a dressing to add flavor but it didn't , it was perfectly cooked though. My husband is a huge Benedict lover so that's what he ordered. He said it lacked a lot of flavor and he was not to happy that they pair it with sweet tomatoes for the side. It's weird that back then from looking through images for the side it was hash brown and veggies.. idk maybe they ran out and that's why he got that? 
      We enjoyed our conversations but it began to get annoying when we are getting looked at or asked if we need anything else when we are still working on our drinks.. like yes I know people are waiting but you still have customers eating and paying!My friends and I were walking down the strip ready to eat literally anything and stumbled upon Mon Ami Gabi. We decided to give it a try. We had no reservation but were seated immediately anyways. 

A baguette and butter and some shredded carrot dish were brought out complimentary. Of course, it was delicious, as you can't go wrong with bread and butter. I ordered the classique steak frites. It came out relatively quick! The steak looked huge but is actually pounded thin so it really isn't that hard to finish it all. The steak was so thin that it almost was like carne asada. I ordered it medium rare but should have went rare because it's so thin that there wasn't enough pink for me. I was not impressed with the fries. They weren't fresh and lacked flavor.

Service was good. Price point was ok. All in all, I probably would not go again but I have no regrets in eating here.Great atmosphere but that's about it. Food was bland (I had the Classic Steak & Frites and my fiancé had the Hangar Steak), the servers will reach over you with no excuse me or apology..... There won't be a return visit. French food us usually the most flavorful so this place has me confused.3.5...

We made reservations for 8p but after a long day out on the Strip, we pushed it back to 9p.

Arrived and we were asked whether we still wanted to sit inside or out on the patio. Since I knew the Bellagio Fountains' show began at 9p, we opted for the patio. The patio had heaters, which was awesome since I had a sleeveless dress on. We lucked out and got a table smack dab in the middle of the patio with prime views of the Bellagio and a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower. It was AMAZING!!!

The service from Marlon was great! Recommendations were made and questions answered. 

-Couple glasses of house Pinots ($15)
-Filet ($32)
-Hanger Steak ($20)
-Special Bread Pudding ($9)
Total was $82, plus a generous tip.

Steak frites accompanied the steaks and they were yum! I had the filet, and I have to admit, I had to struggle a bit for a clean cut. The hanger had really good seasoning and flavor. When I order dessert, it HAS to be with some type of chocolate. HOWEVER, since the bread pudding was seasonal, we opted to be different and try it. It was warm goodness!!! I would have probably requested a side of hot fudge, but oh well.

The service and ambiance truly deserves a 5 star rating. Unfortunately, I expected more with my steak. Would love to come back and try their fresh fish.Well, more like 3.5 stars. The bf and I went there on a whim and during a busy night. Our waiter was swamped with tables, so it took him more than usual to get everything out to us and empty plates back to the kitchen. However, the wait was leaving the "acceptable for a busy night" range and towards "this is getting ridiculous" area. Also, the runners kept hitting my chair with the portable food stand every time they passed (it was a pretty crappy table in that respect, BUT we did get to see the Bellagio Fountains across the street). They get an extra half star for the food, which was great! The service was a bit of a let down. They collectively didn't seem to handle a busy night all that well. I'd probably go back during a down time.I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. We had reservations ahead of time so they took us right away. We got seated inside but at the window so we could still see the Bellagio show which was pretty cool indeed. Most people have to wait 40 minutes to get seated outside.

Service was really good. Lots of menu options.

But the food itself was just ok. I mean it tasted good and all but portions were a bit on the small end for my taste. I got the salmon and ate it in like 5 minutes and didn't feel satisfied at all. It needed more of something I felt.

We ordered the creme brulee but it wasn't as good as the creme brulee at the M Buffet. The hard cover top was over burnt and a bit thicker than average. It took away from the overall taste.

I'm not sure if I'd come back here anytime soon. I don't think I will. Service and food is ok but just didn't WOW me as much as I had hoped.

Oh but we also got this grape flavored alcoholic drink that was super yummy!! heheMy husband and I made reservations at Mon Ami Gabi for Monday (12/24/12). There was a line of people without reservations in front of us and when I approached the first host desk, the two girls there told me to go inside to the next hostess stand and tell them that I had arrived and we would be taken to our table. -WRONG- I waited patiently for the hostess to finish speaking with another guest (without a reservation) and when I told her our party was here she glared at me and said "Ma'am, did you wait in that line?" "I was told by those two over there to come in here." "Go to the back of the line." I almost walked away from the restaurant, but went to the back of line and waited...for about ten minutes beyond my reservation time for a party of 10 people -without- reservations to be seated in front of us. 

When we were finally shown to our table, we were shoved against a wall. It took about ten minutes for the waiter to welcome us to the restaurant and take our drink order. He seemed really pissed when we didn't order any alcoholic beverages and went over the specials so fast that we didn't really hear him. It took forever to get refills on our drinks.

We ordered the brie, which was fairly good. My husband ordered the special (veal) and he said his food tasted good. I ordered scallops and mine were chewy in a bad way. Our waiter only checked on us one time in passing throughout dinner. We were obviously an afterthought.

This restaurant doesn't have its own restrooms. You have to venture out onto the casino floor in order to use the bathroom. 

I would not return to this restaurant. The food wasn't up to Vegas standards for the price we paid and we were treated badly by the hosts and the servers.We came here for dinner. I would give them 2-stars, but they gave us a comp cream puff with lit candle in place to celebrate our friend's birthday. So, that was really sweet of them. Also, their service rocked. So no 2-stars, instead 3-stars.

Their food is definitely let's-serve-"french food"-to-these-tourists sort of food. Although, they serve some fresh and warm french baguettes to start. (The comp bread is nicely paired with butter and pickled carrots. Yumsizzles.)

The steak that they're so well-known for are fillets... FILLETS. That means the meat isn't succulent and is rather how do you say.. super dry. Also they're really expensive at $25 or more a pop. My friend got the steak with bernaise sauce ($25).

The french onion soup was passable. I can make better. It was on the salty side. ($9)

The scallops with butternut squash and brussel sprouts were imbalanced, both far too sweet and far too bitter. They were supposed to complement each other, but in my opinion, just didn't work.

The french fries here are ninja-cut crazy fries, more like a hybrid between a chip and a fry. They're thin, messy, and far too crispy. You may like it, but I did not enjoy them since I was expecting french fries. They are paired with each steak course.

All in all, pretty mediocre food for the price tag. I'd head elsewhere. After all Vegas is a mecca of good eats.We came here for dinner on Valentine's day with a group of 6. The service was decent and the food is ok, although not amazing. The area we were seated in was very dark and the whole table was illuminated by a single candle. Overall it was a decent experience except for the poor lighting.I think I am the exception to the rule here. I do not see the hype. Service was painfully slow which is understandable given how busy they are but to wait 25 mins to order WITHOUT bread is not cool! 

Make sure to look at your bill if you have a large party!! They charged me service charge, gratuity, and event charge!! Omg 3 extra charges just because I had a large group?

The French onion soup is pretty good and the bread is fresh and hot but the steak was not that good and the fries were so hard they should call them chips!This review is for the food. It's too salty and filet mignon was mediocre. Good part about it is the location and service. Other than that, I'd rather dine at Paris's Buffet for the same value.  Maybe brunch would have been better?The "fries" are likely not what you expect. Think french fried onions, only with potatoes. Very finely cut and fried to a crisp.

Not bad, per se. But not so great.The food was INCREDIBLE. The only reason I'm giving a 3 star review is because I feel as though we weren't treated with the same importance as other guests, as it was just the two of us. I felt that the seaters judged us on our young age and assumed we'd be low paying guests. We were sat at a tiny corner table in a horrible section, almost as if they'd rather just forget that we were there. We even had to move the candles and such off the table just to make room for our food. I may come back again, simply because the food was to die for but I would certainly expect better service considering it is a fine dining establishment. I am still quite disappointed as to how we were treated.Based on its own merits the food and experience was good, but based on expectations and price I was very disappointed.  A French Bistro that doesn't have pastries available for breakfast.  Crowded, loud, expensive for just pretty good.  Pass.  I compare it to Bouchon over at The Venetian...there is no comparison.  Go to Bouchon.A French inspired "steakhouse" right in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. We celebrated a birthday meal here looking for something a little different than your typical Vegas restaurant/buffet. It was an enjoyable meal, although not all that memorable.

We sat down after a long day of traveling and adjusting to the desert heat of Vegas in August and were all pretty famished. Only problem is, after sitting and staring at the menu for probably a good half hour, nobody could decide what sounded good. We couldn't even figure out what we wanted to drink! It's not that the menu didn't have enough variety or options to meet our needs, it was just sort of...uninspiring.

After finally placing our order, I ended up with a bowl of the French Onion Soup and the special of the day, braised short ribs served over mashed potatoes with a spicy sauce. The soup was pretty good, served the traditional way in a crock with baguette slices and an overdose of delicious cheese. It was a little sweet for my taste and serve sort of lukewarm (which I think may have been intentional since it was 115 degrees outside...but I still think I would have preferred it hot). The short ribs were good, very tender and the portion size was just right. I could have used some more spice in the dish, although I realize spice to the level that I like spice isn't all that common in French cooking.

All in all this is a pretty good choice if you're looking for dinner around the Paris hotel. The atmosphere is pleasant (especially if you can get one of the patio tables with a view of the Bellagio fountains) and the food is pretty good and relatively reasonable for its type and location.This place is very nice for breakfast. portions are also a very good size. waiter was extremely nice. I'm not a fan of breakfast food, but my boyfriend thought the waffles was very good. Since the food didn't wow me I give it three star.This was my first time dining here in about 4 years and my hopes were way up. I remember the fish and chips being one of the best things I've had. Since I was back in Vegas with my boyfriend I raved about how much we had to go. Well when I visited last night I was extremely disappointed. The fish was very bland and the chips seemed a little hard and old. I'm not sure what changed over the years but it was not a change for the better. We were seated quickly because we ate inside and the caesar salad and baguette were very good. Thus the 2 stars and not 1. Our bill was $65 for dinner and so not worth it. There are so many better restaurants to spend that kind of money on. I will not be visiting or recommending again.Came here for my friend's Bachelorette/Bachelor dinner.  We had reservations at 6PM for a table of 11 people & we had no trouble getting seated right away. 
I'm not really familiar with "French" menu.   My friend & I had a hard time deciding what to order.  We finally decided to get the Roast Chicken & Frites: half chicken, bacon, mushrooms, pearl onion & fries ($19.95).  The chicken was pretty good, I wasn't dry at all.  My friend & I shared the meal & it was more than enough :)
The only thing I didn't like were the fries, they weren't really fries, more like chips? 

Overall, everyone seemed to like what they ordered. I would consider going back here and try the other stuff on the menu.Monday presidents day.. Lunch time the patio was full so we sat by the bar inside area and was super excited to finally go to this resteraunt as a local we dont go out to the strip much but my family decided to go try this place out && we were totally disappointed by the service we received by Alexa A. ( I had to look at our bill to see what her name even was ) because when she came to take our order, there was no greeting... She basically came over and was like " are you ready to order ?" Since we had never been there before we werent so she proceded to tell us about the specials of the day and walked away, next time a " do youu have any questions on the menu ?" Would have been helpful but wtever.... NEXT i had my babygirl with me we ordered the pasta with tomato sauce for her and no drink was brought or even offered.!! Nobody asked us "how was everything?" It felt like we didnt exist... The food was good but the server needs to b more attentive to serviceOf all the bajillion trips I have gone on I never really stopped to see if I should dine here and finally did. Really nice view of the Bellagio fountains if you sit outside or luck out in the room that we had inside.

Wait was not too bad if you wanted to sit inside but prepare to wait if you want to sit outside. What kinda sucked was the service. I don't mind paying paying the standard 18% service fee but can it at least be decent? Numerous times I had to ask for water and it was annoying that the waiter filled up my cup with ice and made me wait the whole time.

Anyways, off to the food. I ordered the French Onion Soup to start off and it was good and I suggest that you share it with a friend or two since I couldn't finish it. Main course for me was the steak bordelaise. It was decent, I had better expectations for this place and it wasn't really up there at the end.

Had a bite of the scallops and it was pretty good if not the best thing I had there. One last thing I forgot about this meal is if you do not like super salty food don't come here! Overall it was an a-okay meal and if you really want a dank steak on the strip head over to Bouchon. I'm not sure if I'll come back here unless it's dinner.I have never written a bad review for a breakfast place.... EVER!  But I felt compelled after my, I guess we will call it "breakfast." 

First off, it should be called "break-slow" because service and wait was far too long. Granted, the place was kinda busy but there were many open tables and we were seated immediately. I ordered coffee and waited a long time for "cream." It was really milk in a cup which is ridiculous. A French restaurant uses milk for creamer? I didn't believe it until I drank it straight from the cup... My guess is 1% or skim... Better with Cheerios than coffee. Anyone who takes cream with coffee knows that is a straight up SIN. 

Next, I should've been forewarned of the food quality when the people next to us sent their food back and complained It was the second day in a row doing so. Much like their complaints, my food was cold and overall inedible. The bacon and hash browns were ok, not too bad but the eggs were completely runny and the toast was hard as a brick. I used the rock frozen butter they gave me and grated it through the bread! Haha, too funny. I stabbed the butter with my knife and it would not go through. Some things you just need to be there to see. 

So all in all paid way too much for food I could not stomach. Waitress knew I was unhappy but was uncaring. Too bad, I had high hopes... Never again for me, nor will any of my friends once I fill em in...Steak frites .... 
Frites = chips
Steak ... Extra plat mal cuit mal assaisonné ... Déception 
Heureusement pain et beurre pour faire patienter
Le seul détour de ce restaurant est la terrasse avec vue sur les fontaines du bellagio 
Trop cher pour ce que c'estThe food was pretty good; service unfortunately was not as satisfactory.  We arrived at 8:28 pm for an 8:30 reservation.  The hostess snottily told us that she would seat us closer to our reservation time and handed us a beeper.  Two minutes later it went off, and we were seated.  We were a bit taken aback by this, and there were several other similar incidents.  I'm not sure where the haughty attitude comes from.

The restaurant has an extensive gluten-free menu, which was a real plus for my friend.  The entire table shared the gluten free smoked salmon appetizer, and it was quite good, including the bread.

I had the filet mignon merlot with a side of mashed potatoes.  The steak was cooked perfectly, and the sauce is really exceptional.  I kept eating the potatoes even after feeling full just to finish the sauce.

Overall, a decent experience due to the food.Busy!!! And the staff showed it as their being pulled in every direction. I think it's more of a brunch place, but we tried it for dinner and it's still a bit of a cafe/deli feel which doesn't lend itself to dinner, in my opinion of course. 

Food wasn't bad, so if you go, just know the price is reasonable, good is good, takes a while to get a drink between meals so order your drinks whilst your current ones are half full.

Would defiantly come again, just for brunch!!Great atmosphere. Service was great and so was the French break. $22 for bourbon was pricy since the casino bar was $12. My escargot was very good especially to soak up he juice with bread. Now for the bad-  my ribeye was tough. $10 more for prime would have been worth it!  I didn't even ask but the server took my steak off the bill. Made a happier customer.Mon Ami used to be my go-to place on the Strip for a good quality, reasonably priced meal. Fun ambiance (on a patio on the Strip with a view across to the Bellagio fountains), good service and tasty food. In the many times I ate here, it used to be 5 star. The last 2 or 3, not so much. Any restaurant can have a bad day or the server can be off his game. But this has been several times in a row for Mon Ami.
We got a great table on the patio. A food runner brought water and bread fairly quickly. Our server made an appearance about 10 minutes after we were seated. An appetizer and a sandwich. Not a complicated order. About 40 minutes later, we waved down our server to ask about our appetizer and to get our water refilled. No apology. No excuse. He assured us it would be out soon. Almost an hour passed. Finally, we waved down  the manager. She apologized, refilled our water, and brought out the appetizer. When the food runners came with our sandwiches, they had to auction them off, not knowing who got what. The fries that were suppose to accompany the sandwiches were brought out cold and soggy - not edible. We flagged down the manager again (our server was nowhere in sight). Another apology and promise to make it right. Well after we finished the sandwiches, she brought us properly done fries. Alas, too late to be enjoyed.
Giving the devil his due, the food was very tasty (even the very tardy fries were really good) and the ambiance is still terrific. But when the service is this bad, no matter how hard the manager tries to make it right, the dining experience is unpleasant. Hence the 2 star review.I was SUPER psyched about going here for dinner.  Some dishes were excellent, like the french onion soup, the frittes, my filet mignon, and the FREE bread.  But some dishes really missed the mark: steak frittes (the skirt steak) and the mussels were inedible.  To top it off, the $30 corkage fee was excessive and the service was really really lackluster.  It really didn't feel like they cared about the customers.Except the bread was fresh from the oven, the special fish of the day red snapper was over cooked. The portion of the side dish garlic spinach was tiny portion. For drink, I only ordered an oj, plus the tips, the bill came close to 50 bucks, not worth it. Although the service is nice and open till late.If there was a way to give lower then one star I would. I was extremely disappointed in this restaurant. I had the absolute worst service. I had my aunt and uncle visiting from over seas. I thought the best place to have breakfast with a nice view would be in front of the bellagio waters. I called and made rsvp. From the moment we walked in to the moment we left was a complete disaster. Rude service, 45 min for eggs , McDonald's coffee can debated to be better quality. I asked for bread they brought me a hard stick . I wouldn't recommend this place even if they paid me to.I came here for dinner, and enjoyed it, for the most part. You might want to get a reservation and when you do, you should specify if you want to sit inside or outside. We didn't know the outdoor seating would be so pleasant! So even though we had a reservation, we decided to wait for an outside table. Also of note -- even though we had a reservation, they were somewhat behind, and we would have had to wait a while anyway. The service, when seated, was excellent. Your water glass was always full! The food was not bad. I wasn't hugely hungry, so I ordered the french onion soup and the scallops. They started off with a fresh baguette, which was perfect, and butter, which was pretty good. The soup was delicious, with plenty of cheese dripping over the edges. The scallops were overcooked. Outdoor seating is great because you can look over to the Bellagio fountains, so you get dinner with a show!A solid 3 stars.

Came back here after a disappointing first try. The steak is thin and the frites are still stringy but overall I enjoyed it better this time around. 

I loved the whole loaf of french bread that is served complimentary. The French Onion soup was tasty and the Bearnaise steak was better than the Clasique one I remember ordering previously. Service was good and friendly. Worth a try if in the area, but don't expect the best steak ever.While at a conference in the Paris hotel, I ended up eating here on two separate days. 

Lunch: had the Caesar salad. I would have preferred regular croutons over the chick-pea ones. But overall, fine. 

Dinner: had a Brie & garlic bread appetizer- liked this a lot! Filet for dinner was cooked well. 

Overall, I gave this place three stars because it's a pricey for the Paris hotel. It's older inside and I didn't feel the service was terrific. Just o.k.Fast food for French cuisine, and we know how that works. Horrible and over expensiveI believe these 5 star reviews are written by food newbies, sorry, but this place is disneyland.  Their "famous" steaks w/ various french sauces are all top sirloin, pounded out very thin.  It's mealy (as all top sirloin is) and tastes mushy and bored.  Slathering it a *rendition* of a french sauce helps only slightly.

They have this beautiful wine cellar and then a totally worthless wine list.  And the good bottles on the list: "Oh sorry, we're out of that one". 

This gets me to service.  The staff is NOT trained in fine dining of any sort, and while I know this is not Robuchon, they are missing basic stuff.  They are not attentive, forgetful, and have little knowledge about either the food or wine.  I eventually asked if they had a Somm, she said "no but the manager was trained in somm".  I'm being fussy at this point but c'mon, you're at a french restaurant and your waiters are saying things like so and so is "trained in somm".

Also, when waiter got vibe we were less than impressed she avoided us, flat out.  I just wanted my check so I could cut hokey pokey wannabe french restaurant their cut and bounce. 

On the other hand, the table next to us from Nebraska was just raving about everything that hit their plate.  They were 25 and drunk, aka, the target market at Mon Ami.My husband and I dine here regularly for special occasions- anniversaries and birthdays mostly. This particular evening was our anniversary. 

Our server, Gabriel, couldn't have been less friendly. Asking for a refill was almost regrettable for the imposition he displayed. At the end of the evening he stopped by and my husband asked him to take our picture. He responded with "anything for dessert?" So we ordered the mousse as planned. We asked him again to take our picture, which he did quickly before handing us the camera and walking away. 

We ordered escargot as usual. It came out almost immediately. We had to track someone down and ask for plates. And then again for napkins. The escargot tasted mostly of butter. It was overpowering the snails. Usually this is not the case but disappointing last night. 

I ordered the salmon salad. The outer crusted part was delicious however the inside was very dry and over cooked. I was so disappointed. 

This is not the establishment it used to be.I made a reservation through Open Table for a family birthday party celebration. When we arrived I confirmed that they knew one of the people on our party was in a wheel chair.  I said it twice and the hostess barely acknowledged me and was more concerned with me getting our entire party into the tiny, packed entry way to prove all of us were there.  We proceeded to block traffic with the wheelchair so no one old get in or out which really didn't seem safe and made a number of people trying to leave angry.  The hostess, however did not seem to care.  

Once we were seated I ordered specialty martini for $12.50 and while it tasted good it was very light on the alcohol.

My husband started the meal with the chilled apple and celery soup with creme freche and sprinkled dill.  It had a nice flavor and consistency. 

For dinner my husband and I both ordered the filet.  I chose the merlot and butter sauce and he went with the creme freche.  Both steaks were cooked nicely and were very tender.  I had the frites (fries) which were seasoned better than the steak in my opinion.  My husband had the macaroni gratin (Mac and cheese).  We both agreed it was ok.  Nothing bad about it just nothing spectacular.  Other people in our party had hanger steaks, salmon and burgers.  Overall, the salmon with green beans seemed to get the best reviews.  

We ended our meal with the chocolate torte with salted caramel ice cream.  The torte was bitter but the ice cream helped to cut the bitterness.  The ice cream was delicious. 

The best part of our meal was our server.  He was very attentive and all of our food was prepared correctly.  He answered all of our questions and we never had an empty glass.

All in all it was an ok experience, but for the price I'll definitely choose a different restaurant next time.This place was good, but not good enough for the price in my opinion. I enjoyed my meals, but I should have been more blown away by them for the amount we paid. Don't order the blueberry French toast - the blueberries are from a can, not fresh.Bone-in ribeye is my favorite cut.  It's usually got lots of marbling and good flavor from being near the bone.

Mon Ami Gabi served what might have been the worst bone-in ribeye I've had.  It was cooked medium rare, but it was chewy, not juicy, and not really that flavorful (even w/ the super bland bearnaise sauce).  You know it's a bad meal when I think it's not even worth my company's dime (thank you, business trips, for saving me the pain of spending my own money).  I would probably still be disappointed even if I paid half the price.wasn't that impressed with the food - maybe we got the wrong stuff. burger was meh, and the salad i had was meh (forget which one). service was very accomodating (we had to get to a 7:30 show and had made early reservations, but it was nice that they made sure we got our food in time to actually enjoy it). and you can't beat the view of the Bellagio fountains - we finally got to see the whole show!If 3.5 stars were an option this place would receive it.  Allow me to elaborate. The service was five stars. From the hostess to the bus boy to our waiter, everyone was friendly and accomodating. The food, however, gets two stars. This puts me in the position to round up or down, at a 3.5 average. Well folks, I just have to round down because dinner was $150 and not worth it. 

To start, we shared the baked shrimp. These were tasty, but to be honest you'd find something just as good at a mid range chain. For our entrees I had the filet, and my gorlfriend had the pork tenderloin medallions wrapped in bacon. The medallions were fantastic. Very tender, very flavorful, and accompanied by creamy but tato-rich mashed potatoes. That meal was worth it price, HOWEVER, my filet....oh my filet. Stringy, chewey, and bland are the first 3 adjectives that come to mind. I told the waiter that it was disappointing, to which he offered to take it off our bill. Very nice of him, but I would not necessitate that. He tried to explain that a filet cut was different, but  really, really it was Denny's quality, but with Denny's you have low expectations! This place poses as fine dining...and honestly the quality is lacking.  The medallions were the only stand out item.

I live in San Francisco, where there are a lot of inexpensive options with a lot more value. Honestly, save yourself a buck. If you want better food for a synonymous price go to the Wolfgang Puck cafe at the MGM. If you want to spend $150 do the tasting menu at the Michael Minna restaurant down the way in the MGM. These both provide better food for your buck. 

I do want to reiterate, though , that the service here was great, despite the sub par cuisine.Food at Mon Ami Gabi is decent and the view to the Bellagio fountain is excellent if you can score a good outdoor table. Couldn't help but felt the ambiance and service were a bit too pretentious and touristy.

Seafood Crepe was good but not great. Mussels Marinière and the Chicken Liver Mousse was just standard fare. I think the food is over-priced for the quality. I won't complain because you are paying for the lovely location after all.

Would I dine here again? Probably. It is convenient and the wait is usually not long.What a joke. Ordered the blueberry waffles. Comes with blueberries on top must have come out of the freezer so needless to say waffles cold. 2nd order comes out, blueberries on the side still cold put some butter on it and it was whipped butter it didn't even melt.  But the date glazed bacon was good !!There were little to no vegan options as advertised.  Quiche was bland and not appetizing at all all.  Great for people watching,  but lacking in substance.I wanted to love this place and I was excited to go here because half my group had gone before and they were looking forward to going back. By the end of the meal, there were very mixed reviews.

Service: 3.5 stars (found ourselves waiting around a lot for service to show up again)

Soup: 4 stars (good, but not standout, carrot soup du jour)

Entree: 2.5 stars. I got the scallops and they were so, so salty, the mushrooms were bitter, and the squash puree was overly sweet. Couldn't finish it. I woke up at 5am to swollen fingers and desperate thirst. 

I had some of my cousin's wafer thin frites, and they were delicious! 

They get bonus points for having a gluten free menu and serving what we suspect is Udi's GF bread by request (with warm olives!).

I won't be back but hopefully this will help you decide if you want to go!This can be a stunning meal if you happen to snag a table on the patio across from the Bellagio lake. If you're not able to do that, you're probably just as well off at any number of French bistros on the Strip.

The food was good, but not particularly memorable. I ordered the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin which was OK, and noshed on country pate and cornichons (a must do whenever I eat French). Our server was pretty good, but since it was busy we hardly saw  much of her.  She was prompt when we saw her, but 10-15 minutes would go by before we would see her again.

It was a scorcher of a September day, but a patio table, a fountain show at Bellagio, some cabernet, pate and cornichons - I was a happy camper. I would go back, perhaps if just for wine, pate and cornichons.Sorry! Not impressed! My family and I was there for our second visit. I didn't really remember my first time experience there. But this recent visit we ordered the snails which was pretty good, French onion soup which was so disappointed and we also order steak, we ordered medium rare and it came out well done and it took us for a while to get the attention from our server. We won't be back there again. We will rather find new French cuisine experience in other places.Searched on-line for best Eggs Benedict and this place was mentioned. Seeing as we were already guests of the Paris, we figured this to be a no brainer.

We were wrong. My poached eggs were like golf balls. Bearnaise sauce was brushed on, and the English Muffin was hard as a rock. It's fairly obvious these were pre-made and probably being stored in a hot box or chafing dish somewhere else. I'm guessing they just pulled them from the buffet line from Le Village Buffet. I've been through enough Sunday Brunch lines to know this is what happens when you place Eggs Benedict in a chaffing dish.

I should have complained and sent them back for something else but I did not have any confidence in the kitchen at that point. Plus we had to get to the airport.This is the 6th time I've eaten here and could be the  last.   The goat cheese appetizer was warm when it is usually served very hot and the frites were....well below par.   Not sure what happened, but I suspect my family will be looking for a new French place.  How sad we love this place and it was not what we are used to.Pretty solid breakfast and brunch location on the strip and fairly available seating for inside and outside on the patio. The food tasted pretty decent and the price wasn't too bad for a well-rounded restaurant on the strip. The baguettes that they provide before your entrees are amazing - they tasted freshly baked. It also had a really nice ambiance that felt more fancy than I anticipated. The food was average/slightly-above-average. I ordered the croque monsieur and it didn't blow my mind -- I also tried some of the fish and frittes that my girlfriend ordered  and it also tasted alright. Nevertheless it was a good time and the restaurant felt pretty nice, but unfortunately the baguettes were the best thing about the meal and we didn't even order it. A for ambiance; A+ for service, and B for food.Visit during brunch. I recommend Eggs benedict.  Fruit platter with yogurt is ok but granola instead of brown sugar would be best since fruit is sweet already. If you have a reservation you still have to get in line with non-reservation clients.I've been wanting to come to this place a few times and this time, I went with a group of girls (9 of us).  We had reservations at 11:30am and we checked in at exactly 11:30.  The waitress told us to wait on the side.  So if you have reservations, shouldn't you be seated at most in 5 minutes?  We had to wait an extra 10 minutes.  After that, the hostess said, "party of 8?"  uhhh no party of nine. "please wait one moment."  more and more and more waiting...Finally we sat down at 11:45am (15 minutes of waiting).  We pretty much had the worse seats in the house.  Outside, in between the restaurant inside where people walk in and out.  We got the whiff of wind constantly blowing at us because of the breezeway.  Already feeling a little upset....

2 loafs of bread was brought out with butter, and we all had water and one ice tea.  10 minutes later, our orders were taken.  Mind, you, we finished the bread in less than 5 minutes with 9 girls.  Waitress came back with our waters and ice tea.  10 minutes later, refilled ice tea...another 10 minutes later, brought out knives for those who needed them.  15 minutes later, grabbed our small plates which we ate our bread on.   10 minutes later brought out condiments such as ketchup, butter, and jam. we asked for more bread as well since we were all starving. We have been waiting for our food for about 45 minutes already.  It was taking forever...and the service was pretty poor too.  Finally we get our food, along with the bread we asked for earlier, We were angry because once the food came out, the majority of our plates were kinda cold.  The only hot thing was the burger my friend got and they probably made that last.

I ordered the eggs benedict.  Nothing to fancy.  The only thing I really enjoyed was the hash browns.  That was delicious but everything else was mediocre.  A lot of my friends said their dish was okay as well.  I heard the burger was good and they do look good but my tummy was not in a burger mood.  

We scarfed down our food in about 20 minutes.  Looked at the watch and we were there for about 1.5 hours!  Ridiculous!  This is definitely not a good place to go if you have a large group.  Maybe a few people would be okay but go somewhere else if you have a big party,....even with a reservation!

NOTE:
-do not come here if you are on a time crunch
-inside/outside seatingThe menu sounds fantastic, but food is poorly executed. It is too greasy and too salty. The tables are very close together. It was a bad experience overall.This used to be my favorite restaurant locally.  Mostly because of the patio and the view.  The food was always good too. But this time the food was disgusting. The tartare was made with mayo and literally slathered in it.  It was gross. The Pate was hard and dry.  Even the Brie and chicken sandwich was covered in mayo.  The drinks were beyond over priced - even for the strip.  After waiting an hour for patio seating it was barely shaded.  

But, the service was superb!  It's simply not a French inspired restaurant anymore. It's another conglomerate taking tourists money pretending to be something it's not. The only thing it has going for it is the Bellagio fountains. And FYI $13 for valet parking is so ridiculous. Going from $0 to $13 - give me a break.  I cannot believe anyone visits this city. I live here so I'm screwed.Food was typical overpriced Las Vegas. Service was goodWent for lunch... won't be back.

The only reason that I gave it 2 stars was for service... our server Amy was great!

We started with the chicken liver pate which bland and tasteless with some brown goop that had way too much vinegar.

My wife had the lobster roll, which was decent, but the lobster was chopped way too unevenly, leaving tiny morsels and bigger chunks that were too big to eat... not good for a sandwich... it did lack seasoning.

First I tried the seared scallops which had a nice sear on them on one side, but were raw in the middle and sandy.

Having sent that back I ordered the crab cake which was overcooked and so saltly that it rendered it inedible.

I am at home now making a sandwich!By far the worst French restaurant I've ever been to. I order the steak pomme frites and the fries where steal and my steak was blah, totally not worth the price I don't know why it has very good reviews maybe for the brunch but dinner sucked stay awayI went there once with a friend for her birthday.  She was head-over-heels for the place.  I was unenthused.Amazing food, service was a little slow for 10PM at night.Was looking forward to an excellent meal at MON AMI GABI. We had reservations and they still tried to seat us in a part of the restaurant that was so sunny that u needed suntan lotion to sit there.  We refused that seating and the hostess was gracious enough to give us a table in a more appropriate part of the restaurant. We were provided with water, lovely crusty French bread and some orange colored  accompaniment made Of shredded carrots and champagne vinegar. It was not to our liking. But the bread and butter were divine. All tables had mini alcohol lamps but ours was not lit. ( after all romance was in the air). When hubby asked the server, SHARON V. for it to be lit her answer was :  wait a minute HUN. 
HUN? HUN? Did u just call my husband HUN?  Most people call him doctor but you feel free to call him HUN?  Totally demeaning and disrespectful. 
I get my steak au poivre and waited a few minutes before I was worthy of receiving a steak knife. There was only a butter knife on my table and for a minute I thought I would have to cut my steak with my butter knife. The steak was just ok this time and the trout dish was fine.  But we were so turned off at the events of the service that we didn't even have dessert. 
MON AMI GABI was one of my favorite places in Vegas. I don't know what has happened but the service is not the same and the food is one step above average. 
TOTO, we're not in KANSAS anymore.Ok this is a year after my last review. I wwnt back to Mon ami Gabi and what a HUGE disapointment. The ribeye steak i loved at the last visit was now a tough chewy piece of gristle. Mybparents got a miniscule sliver of chewy flank steak for 40 dollars and the mushrooms they sell were soooo stringy and chewy i actually choked on a piece intried to swallow. The waitress was awful. Her wjole demeanor changed when we didnt order wine- i guess a 600 dollar dinner wasnt goid enough for her. Weird attitude and inattentive. VERY diapointed will never go backOur waitress was super slow and spacy.  Food was ok but soaked in lots of butter.  Also while the patio is nice you are in close proximity to smokers which can turn you off a bit.  I'll try other places before returning.週末だったので大分待ちました。Went there for Christmas brunch. Very nice atmosphere, beautiful place really. Food was solid. The reason for the 3 stars is the yoke was broken in my poached eggs and well come on you can't serve broken yoke. I am sure they didn't notice. All and all a great experience.Would give 5 stars if waitress wouldn't have attitude when she was asked to bring bread or refill coffee. Whatever way they wash water glass, has to be stopped. Smells sooo bad. Food here is def to come back for!!I love the Paris hotel and this place is super cute, but they don't have their act together. At least they didn't this day. OK, it was New Year's weekend, but.... There was a line for lunch right at opening time, but they just kep the line static while tons of servers and hosts were standing there doing nothing. So we were just left staring at them and all the open tables waiting for us.  What's the hold up people? A bit later they actually asked me and my friend if we wanted an outdoor table and we said of course because the patio is outside on the strip so you can people watch while eating.  So they took us out of the line and then told us that it would be a 30 minute wait for the patio and to wait "over here to the side". But we were almost in the front of the line before, and we weren't informed abou the wait for the patio before making our decision! So we had to hound them to put us back in our spot in line for an inside table--and they weren't too gracious about it.

Our server was nice, and when he knocked one of our mimosas over (which was less than half full,) he gave us 2 more for free. The food fell flat.  The warm bread was nice and the mimosas were good, but our croque-monsieurs, which we thought would be a good hangover dish, were dry and flavorless. The fries were horrible--some over fried, hollow weird-shaped things.  A French restaurant that can't do fries?

It's a shame we didn't have a better experience because the place is adorable and the menu looked good. Maybe dinner is better.During our stay there last week my wife and I ate here twice.  I ate here last year and loved it.  I had a great breakfast. That is why this is a three star as opposed to a two star.  My service was great and loved eating on the patio.  Our first venture here was to eat breakfast but we missed it so we did lunch it was highly highly underwhelming the food was bland but since I had a great breakfast last year we went the next day and had breakfast.  We both had omelets and both were flavorless.  We would have been happy to have breakfast there each day but our two experiences left us not wanting to waste money. The ambience and the service are excellent but not the food.  I am not sure if last year was a fluke or this year but either way not goodPardonne moi?  How is this place so beloved?  I suppose it's from people who do not order any steak fritte.  $28 for essentially round steak with cold bernaise?  Top sirloin is not supposed to be paper thin unless I may be missing the French train here.  It was tasteless, paper thin and served with McDonald French Fries.  I think this place is having a Griswolds in Europe laugh on all us dumb Americans.  I will say my diner partner had the scallops which were done decently, but nothing I have not had before.  But no..all in all...no.  The frangria was something done better at a frat party with whatever was left over from the previous night's frat party, our waiter was a little tout suite with our order, seeming to rush us when he was asked specifically not to.  The bread is served with grandma's carrot and raisin salad and butter.  I just was so disappointed..I was so looking forward to this place because everybody RAVES about it.  Well, alas..I am not a Griswold and I guess I know real French cooking when I get it.The service suuuuuuuuucked. I feel like our waitress was new, so I should give her a break ( they all have number tags...not name tags....#12), but she was soooooo slow and spacey. The food was just ok. Go for the people watching.....otherwise, skip it.I have heard that restaurants in Las Vegas are like the crappy versions of the originals. Although Mon Ami is a chain, I have to say that was definitely the case for this location.

I moved out West from the Northern VA area about two years ago. There was a Mon  Ami Gabi in Reston, VA that was amazing. Easily one of my top ten favorite restaurants. My husband and I went there at least once a month, and when we moved I was so sad to leave that great food. When I found out there was a location in Vegas I was thrilled!

I came here with two friends for breakfast. We all had cocktails which were average. I had fruit and yogurt, a side of sausage, and fries. I don't remember what either of my friends had, but it was all rather unexceptional. My fries were not hot and crispy, they were soft and just terrible compared to the wonderful fries I've had there previously.

They do have a nice outdoor area, which was about the only thing they had going for them.

I will admit my expectations were high, and compared to most other restaurants this was probably more of a 3.5 or 4 star experience. But it was just too disappointing compared to the many great meals I've had at the other location.I was very underwhelmed. The country pate was mediocre. The seafood crepe had a great flavor with large, well-cooked pieces of shrimp and scallop, but the crepe itself was limp and soggy. Our service was extremely, extremely slow, so our lunch took about 2 hours. It was nice to have a view of the Strip while eating, but I would skip this restaurant in lieu of the many other tasty French places in town.Cold eggs Benedict. I knew it was over priced, but you would think it would be hot. Service was friendly so add a starI'm pretty bummed that this place didn't meet my expectations. I have been wanting to try this place out for years but never got the chance to. My last trip to Vegas was for my birthday, so I decided to do a birthday brunch here. I made reservations for 8 for a little after noon. 

The food was very mediocre. I tried just about a little bit of everything because my friends and I all got something different. I wish the menu was a little more specific on what came with each item, because when I got my own personal order, I wasn't pleased. I ended up switching with someone else. I think the best thing I had tried was the steak sandwich that my boyfriend got. 

Our server however, was very nice! He wasn't super attentive but he wasn't ignoring us either. We asked him for a couple wine recommendations and he was happy to oblige. 

We definitely had a good time with the wine and service, but I don't think I would come back on my next Vegas trip.my boyfriend and i went to lunch on a weekday at around noon and it was pretty empty inside, which was surprising because every time i walked by it at dinner there was a wait.  i guess their dinner menu is better than their lunch menu, which proved to be true when we got our food.

we got the escargot appetizer, steak sandwich and tuna melt with fries and homemade chips. it was not impressive at all. i mean, it was fine. but i don't like paying for food which i can only best describe as "fine." everything was bland. the portion size was pretty large but it's not that important when the food itself is so mediocre and you don't want to finish most of it anyway. 

i liked the atmosphere and the waitress was nice. and the restaurant is right next to my favorite ghost buster slot machine. but most likely i won't be back, at least not for lunch.I came with high expectatio expectations after hearing friends rave about the place.

The complimentary apple chutney and crisp baguette was a lovely starter.

I got the onion au gratin while my partner got the half roast chicken. The chicken was mouthwateringly moist with a crispy skin. The mashed potato side was creamy and delicious and the accompanying bacon, onion, and mushroom mix was perfectly done as well.

But my onion soup was a huge disappointment. The flavor had a bitter aftertaste and the gyuere cheese on top was already sunken into the soup, leaving it a gloppy mess instead of a crisp crust. Definitely not worth $10.

Overall, it was a good experience with a wonderful view as well, but skip the onion soup!My boyfriend and I visited Mon Ami Gabi for brunch one morning after hearing rave reviews from family and Yelpers alike. 

I am hopeful that our experience was less than stellar because we visited for brunch, and should have instead come for lunch or dinner. We missed the full breakfast menu, but were told via phone that lunch was served until 3pm. We were visiting on a Sunday, so I assumed that a full Sunday brunch would be in order. 

There was very little wait at 11 am, however when we sat down we were presented with a minimal brunch menu of about 5-6 different items and no breakfast style cocktails (I probably could have asked for a Bloody Mary or Mimosa if I wanted, but neither was featured on the menu.) I ordered the Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend had the Corned Beef and Hash. The food was fine; nothing spectacular about either dish. It was definitely an expensive brunch which I would not recommend to anyone. I am curious to try dinner, however, after suck a lackluster performance at brunch I am hesitant. 

Our wait staff was about average; nothing wrong, but nothing great, however the table next to us had a very negative experience and voiced this quite loudly, asking to see the manager and retelling how the waiter had "failed" at their service while he stood off to the side, which was really awkward. We definitely had a neutral experience, and I wish that this restaurant which I had heard so much about had actually delivered.It's all location,bells and whistles.  The food was bland and way overpriced.  The staff was great but thats not what I came for.Wow, seriously?  What would have been a fine dinner took a real turn for the worse.  In short, the shrimp cocktail was not deveined properly and after eating two and biting into the third and seeing heavy remains on not one but two of the 5.  Needless to say it killed my gf appetite.  I nicely pointed this out to our sever Jeremy whom agreed that was gross then he brought us our bill, our FULL bill.  Really??  I'm not paying $16.95 for shrimp with shit hanging off of it that my gf nearly stuck in her mouth.  At this point when I questioned him he still agreed it was gross but offered to nothing.  I told him I shouldn't even have to ask and I'm not paying for the shrimp.  The manger never came over as I asked either.  What's bunch of morons, over $16?  Jeremy just received my first ever $0 tip!!  Plenty of other options that I'm sure know how to proper prepare food or own up to mistakes with proper service.Came for breakfast on a weekend with a group of eight.  The selection was great and the price point was very reasonable and accommodated everyone's budget.  The chocolate croissant was flaky, buttery, and the chocolate was semi-sweet; perfect, in my opinion ($~4).  The croque madame was rich, buttery, crispy, cheesy, and the egg was cooked to order (~$12); comes with their version of fries (different from other restaurants - thinly sliced potatoes that are roughly cut into to strips.  The results are crunchy, some tender potato sticks).  Coffee is ~$4.  The steak frites was good and the steak portion was very generous (~$25).  Yummy stuff here, folks.

Other important info: reservations recommended, reservations require credit card hold (they don't charge anything, but will ask for # and expiration date), patio seating is first-come-first-serve (no exception), interior is nice with high vaulted ceilings, and utensils were pretty dirty (boo!).We came here for the view of the strip.  The ambiance was cool, very Parisian.  They told us we had a 15-20 minute wait, but our buzzer began buzzing within 5 minutes.  We went to the check in and there were 4 people working the check in counter, and it seemed nobody knew what to do.  They said, oh, two more minutes please.  (Then why did you buzz us?!) Two different people said, "Melissa, party of 4" while we stood directly in front of them and said Melissa, party of 4, yet it took another minute for someone to walk us to our seats outside.  It took some time to get served, and while 3 of us enjoyed our coffee once we ordered, it took at least 10 minutes for our fourth girl to get her cappuccino.  The menus were disgusting, covered in food, and one of the coffee cups had to be returned because it was dirty.  The menu was surprisingly filled with lots of options.  I had the eggs Benedict special which was just okay.  The eggs weren't juicy which is the whole part of eggs Benedict, the yolks were 3/4 of the way cooked.  My friend ordered the nutella waffles and seemed disappointed because the nutella was inside and pretty sparse.  Don't come here for the food, its just okay...come here for the people watching!Made reservations nearly a month in advance for dinner for 4, and looked forward to the experience because I had eaten here once before and loved it. But this time - yuk! 

First, server appeared before we had even fully sat down (I was still trying to figure out where to set my purse) and asked what we wanted to drink. Told her we needed a few mintues - bad move as she did not return for a full 20 minutes. We had chosen a bottle of wine and an appetizer for the table, but she refused to take the appetizer request until she went and got the wine! When she returned with the wine she proceeded to fill my glass nearly to the brim. This is a pet peeve of mine. When I spend $80 for a bottle of wine I want it poured correctly so that there is room in the glass to aerate it and develop the flavor.

Anyway, we remind her of the appetizer we want and order our meals. Appetizer never came. Waited 25 minutes and salads arrived. Told her we never got the appetizer we ordered and she said, "oh sorry, we won't charge you for it then". Less than 5 minutes later the entrees arrived and she tried to take the salads away even though we had barely had a chance to touch them!

We had ordered the steaks cooked "medium" and they came cold in the middle. Returned them for more cooking - another 20 minutes go by. Finally she delivers the steaks again and also the bill! We mention that we just might want to look at a dessert menu once we have finished the meal, so she runs right off and brings one to us.

We try to eat the rest of our meal, while she continually visits the table to ask if she can take plates away and if we want dessert. When we do finish she is nowhere to be seen. We give up and pay the bill and go elsewhere for dessert.

This evening was pretty much a total loss. Was embarrassed because I picked the restaurant and was telling my friends how good it was. I'll think twice before going here again. There's just too many good restaurants in Vegas to take a chance on this one again.Service is always sub-par.  Recently went for Sunday Brunch to sit on the patio, where the first impression of the experience was waiting over 5 minutes for the hostess to figure out what to do with the guest in front of us.  As she "shoo'd" the guest away, there wasn't a "good morning, welcome to Mon Ami Gabi", in fact there wasn't any greeting coming out of the her mouth, just a blank stare waiting for me to say "2 people please".  Is there a point when management just doesn't care or forget to train the host or hostess to be hospitable?  Last time I checked, restaurants are in the hospitality business...  

If anyone has ever been to Mon Ami Gabi, its a busy restaurant, our hostess that sat us never made any eye contact or cared to start up a conversation, as the walk to the patio is a good minute.  It was a crowded day and hostess pushed through guests charging her way through the dining room, literally loosing us by the time she got out to the patio.

I figured our experience was about to turn around, or at least hoped.  Anyway, sitting on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi, people watching on a nice Sunday morning, your experience will be good even if the food and service can't compliment the location.

Our busser was friendly and prompt, he came by and made sure our waters and coffees where filled at all times, with a smile.  Our Server on the other hand must have been trained by the same person lacking a hospitable drop of service that trained the hostesses.  My friend had been to Mon Ami Gabi only a few weeks earlier for brunch and she remembered an omelette she had that consisted of ham, mushrooms and blue cheese.  She mentioned this to the server and his response was "huh".  After hearing my friend rave about this omelette all morning, I kind of assumed that the server would say, "please allow me check if we have any blue cheese, I'm sure the chef would be more than happy to make that for you." but rather a "huh" response.  So we start to order our meals, in the middle of writing down our order, he tells us he'll be right back and goes and talks with his busser and another table for a few minutes.  What a way to make the guest feel important...  He certainly must have needed our table, as he sat the check down before our breakfast plates were cleared - I would have had no problem ordering some baguette and nutella or a pastry with the rest of my coffee, but I guess increasing our check wasn't part of his thought process.  Funny thing is, I had my credit card on top of the check presenter for over 15 minutes before he came by to pick it up - So I guess, he wasn't trying to rush us out - he just wanted to take a break, as we didn't see him for a long time...

Whatever the case - there just isn't too many restaurants in Vegas with such a prime location, where you can eat outside and people watch.  If there was, I would never come back and the restaurant would have been rated 1 star, but due to great ambiance, with no help from the staff,  I gave it 3 starFood was fine. Not bad at all. Staff needs to be rehired. It was my mother in law's birthday.  We told the waitress that and we were ignored.  Some huge table of loud, annoying stupid heads got the royal treatment though. Idk what you have to do to get good service there... maybe not eat there at all? Definitely will never be back.Good food. We had cold yellow and red beet soup. It was ok. The beets needed to be cooked before purring it had really uncomfortable taste if raw beets. I had scallops - Off the wall good and my husband had steak frittatas. Amazingly melting in you mouth. Just like cotton candy. Loved itOk, a 4 star review for the view, location, and ambience of the dining room.  However, 3 stars only for food, service and attitude of staff.  The breakfast was not as great as reviewed from other yelpers, especially eggs benedict.  I specifically requested egg whites cooked, yolks mostly cooked, but out came runny eggs, yuck!!  the Hollondaise was just OK, but little amount on eggs, potatoes overcooked.  Server friendly, yet slow in the response to the egg delimna.  Wish it was better, since location is so great.  May try again next trip.The restaurant is lovely.  The food good and our server Maggie was a delight. What almost made it a dreadful event was the rap music placed over the whole restaurant.  So annoying and not conducive to the french refined atmosphere.  This was last Friday.  I tried to get the attention of the hostess at the desk but she was busy and I had to get in the road.   It was not even french rap.Bad service at the bar and restaurant, but good food and outdoor seating and reasonable pricing.We went for dinner last night and had the two specials they had on the menu: sea bass and fried chicken. 

The sea bass was thin, flaky and well seasoned. The chicken was moist while the skin was crunchy, perfectly fried. 

The outside view of the Bellagio fountains is amazing but we didn't sit outside this time, it was freezing. 

As for the service, our waitress was attentive but she didn't allow my boyfriend to finish his drink before taking it away. Also, around 10pm, we got the sense that they were rushing all the patrons out...the wait staff was cleaning the wine glasses and the salt and pepper shakers were being collected from all the tables.Yes this place is catered for tourists, but it's Las Vegas what do you expect?  The atmosphere was lovely and attentive service.  Went for lunch and promptly served French bread.  We said upfront we were just there for the dessert and had no problems with that.  Ordered Banana Foster ($8.50) which was huge and totally covered with caramel; too sweet for me but all I had to do was scrape off the excess caramel.  The Creme Brulee (about 8 bucks) was delicious... but someone posted a picture of it with a strawberry and we didn't get a strawberry =(Not for vegetarians!  I ordered the vegetable ravine not once, but twice and it was tasteless and underdone to the point of returning both times. Service very mediocre as well. Not recommended for us veggies!The environment is very nice, with an nice outdoor patio and sunny window seating, but the food is below average.  I love french onion soup and could not even eat half of my soup.  The salad was very average.  For the price there are far better restaurants in Las Vegas.I had pretty high expectations based on the reviews I read but was sadly disappointed.  The young Asian lady at the front desk gave us a lukewarm greeting which then turned cold when she demanded to know if we planned on ordering an Entree, who asks that?  I felt like I was being quizzed, what would they do to us if we gave the wrong answer?  My first response was "We'd have to look at the menu" so she pushes one in front of me and says "here", my BF said I should "just tell her yes," so I did and we were promptly escorted to our table.  I would've chosen to sit in the patio but the sun was blazing and there was not one umbrella or any type of cover over it and I didn't want to burn up, so we sat inside near the patio which was much nicer.
 
Once we were seated and our "waiter" came over and gave us this bitchy, cold West Hollywood sounding greeting while refusing to look at us when he's speaking to us and continued doing so during the few times he came to the table, it was ridiculous!  I get that it's a French restaurant and that they're not necessarily known for warm receptions, but come on dude, clearly you're not French and neither are the rest of the bunch there unless everyone is French Mex or whatever.  It was a 50/50 split attitude wise among the waitstaff, some seem to think they own the place and the other 50 manage to crack a smile or 2.  Also what appeared to be some of the upper management people were running around like secret service with their earpieces but they don't acknowledge patrons either.  The only time our waiter was a little nicer was toward the end of the meal, in hopes of a great tip maybe, UH NO you get the minimum and be glad you did.

Now moving onto the meal I ordered the Lobster Roll, it was pretty meaty had some celery, mayo (meh) but the bread it came in was slightly buttered, toasted but somehow cold as ice, most of the waffle shaped chips that come with it were soft, chewy and nasty.  I felt ripped off.  Here's a tip work on your waitstaff and management's manners and attitude towards patrons, better food quality and when you serve Ice Water, make sure not all the ice is practically melted it's kinda gross.Ummmm Pretty sure I have food poisoning.  We ate here today for the first time. The bread was rock hard and gave me a huge stomach ache.  I ordered some chicken dish for $18 which was worth about $4.95.  It was completely pounded out  to like the size of a phone book and less than a half inch thick.  In fact so was the steak. Very unpleasing to the eye, and the taste of everything was just all over LAMe-o.  Will not be going back.Food was just OKAY. The steaks were thinner than expected and cooked more well than preferred. The french onion soup was a tad too salty for my taste. And the avocado salmon salad was just a typical salad... I wish it lived up to the hype but I can only say it was "okay".

I do recommend that you sit outside. It's cooler & better lit than inside. Sitting outside reminds me of people watching in Paris. Plus, you'll get an amazing view of the Bellagio and score if there's a fountain show!the food was great from breakfast from crepes, eggs benedicts, steak and eggs. etc.. and champange breakfast. the service was so-so it took the server forever to refill waters and take our order but the staff was friendly over all and food was great and prices were reasonableSomething is wrong here.  I ordered the hanger steak (med-rare) as a main dish.  It came out well done.  I figured it was just a mistake with the ticket.  However, I looked over at my buddy's plate he ordered the same steak but cooked rare.  It was well done also.  So we both send them back, it took a good half-hour for them to come out again.  When they eventually came back they were still not cooked properly (both of them med-well at best).  Also, water refills were infrequent, and the waiter was over-friendly. Never again.We were a group of five and came here for dinner before seeing the fountain. 
The baguette was really good. The escargot was amazing and we asked for more baguette to go with the escargot. 
The salad was very plain. The ribeye steak was not as good as I expected, nothing special. 

Now comes to the WORST part. The server seems impatient and he came to our table every 3 mins to take away our plates while we were still eating. He even took away our fries WITHOUT asking if we have finished!! I mean, how could this happen?! So rude!

Bad experience. Would not recommend people coming to this place neither for the food now for the fountain view.Pros: Cool vibe, excellent service, quality drinks and close to Bellagio.

Cons: Food quality was a little suspect.

Be prepared to drop at least $50 per person (with one drink) at this place but don't expect the highest quality steaks.  The drinks are great as is the service and if it's not too hot, sit on the patio with a view of the Bellagio's fountain.This place is huge!! I've only been here twice & I haven't been super impressed. Food is OK, it is a little pricey but its on the strip so it's not a shock. I went this past Sunday for a friend's birthday gathering. She wanted to sit outside but it was a couple hour wait for a table so she went with one inside. They won't seat you until everyone in your party is there. Even though this place is very big there were still a few people waiting outside for their table & inside was full. Our waitress (don't know her name) was very good & attentive. They serve a warm bread loaf in a bag that is actually really good only problem is it's very messy so you get crumbs all over the table & there is no one coming by wiping up your crumbs like some restaurants have. I got a grilled ham & cheese with a cheese like sauce that I got on the side. Sauce was tasty & the sandwich was OK. One side wasn't grilled & the other side that was, was dried. The french fries were good. Others got the Eggs Benedict that they all liked & one girl got the quiche which she said was good. Our waters were always full. It's worth checking out especially if you can get outdoor seating thats right on the strip, great place to people watch!Tried this restaurant for the first time. Service was okay although we did get a little attitude from the hostess who seated us when we did not like the location she led us to.  She then asked if we had a reservation and we said no.  She then proceeded to guide is to a different table which we liked. Food was okay, nothing too special. I ordered a summer tomato salad which never came. I had the classique steak which was delicious and prepared to my liking. We also started with the chicken liver mousse pate which was also delicous. My partner ordered the beef wellington which had to be sent back because he asked for it to be cooked to medium and it was still red so he sent it back. It came out again to his satisfaction. All in all for me it was a been there done that experience.Kim made reservations at this place that is located on the front patio of the Las Vegas Strip at the Paris hotel. If you read back to one of my original posts you will see that we ate at a bad sushi place in Vegas... this is the exact same location, just a new restaurant. Let me tell you that the service didn't get much better.  The food was good, but not worth writing home to mom about. The view is awesome.  It is located across the street from the Bellagio fountains (which never seem to be running when I am in Vegas) and you can watch all of the Vegas weirdos walking down the strip.After doing my research for a more casual restaurant for a night out in Vegas, I settled on Mon Ami Gabi and was VERY excited to check it out based on all the very positive reviews.

I was sorely disappointed.

Our reservation was at 9PM and when we checked in was told they were running 10 minutes behind.  

We headed to the bar and once a free spot opened up, we tried to order a glass of wine.  We stood there for about 15 minutes before we were acknowledged.

At 9:20PM, I checked back in and was told we were the next party of two on the list.  After another 10 minutes our buzzer went off and I moved over to the reception desk and was told our table was not ready.  So we didn't sit for our 9PM reservation until well after 9:30PM but no big deal.

We sat and we greeted promptly.  Service at the table was great; the food was not.

I ordered the escargot which was average and the French onion soup which was not good.  It was very sweet and bland and there was hardly any cheese.  I was disappointed.  

Everything else food wise was ok.  My fiance got the filet with the red wine sauce, it was also very sweet.  The cheese platter appetizer had one really great bleu cheese, the other two cheeses were average.

Expected much more after all the stellar reviews.  I don't know if it was an off night or what.Love this place!!!! Perfect location on the strip to enjoy the day/ night meal with a view. 

Seafood Crepe -big portion. a little bit dry and creamy for my taste. overall it was good.

Tuna burger - this was really good. big burger. love the wasabi mayo on it. tuna was cooked medium rare. perfecto!!!!! 

deduct 1 star for service. It seemed like the host hate her job.... The waiter was way too busy but he tried....Please do not come here for breakfast. The meal tasted as it was brought for the buffet. Eggs had tons of butter and the hash browns were old. Very disappointed in the meals and had to pay $18 for it. Never coming back.The eggs Benedict had to be sent back because they were runny and under cooked
The server handled the situation very professional and corrected the situationI come here a lot. And by a lot I mean once ever 2-3 months. I've always a great experience until this time. I ordered my usual  steak classique well done with purée. My steak came and it was medium rare. I kindly asked my server if they could take it back and fix it and they did. But this time my steak was just rare. My mother ordered the chicken pâté and she wasn't please with it so she order the same thing as me and her steak was rare as well. One of the worst experiences I've had at this establishment. I don't think I will be returning anytime soon.To me this is just not worth the money given so many other great options on the strip. I have been here 4-5 times since it was one of my GF's favorite restaurants (it is one of the Lettuce Entertain You places if you are a rewards member with them). 

Most of the time I got Steak Frites. The cut of steak you get is pounded very thin and to my taste always overcooked- despite ordering medium rare it always comes grey throughout, so that is a pretty big deal breaker. The fries themselves are ok, they are the very thin style, and you do get an insane amount of them. The steak, however, should be the star of this meal and it just isn't.

The one time I didn't get steak I got  a scallop entree and this was much better than the steak- the scallops were seared well and came with a nice sauce- if you go I would highly recommend this over the steak. 

Some random other items I have had

French Onion soup- this is ok but honestly if you are accustomed to french onion soup at a steakhouse you probably won't like it- it is much more subtle than what we have come to expect from the dish in America

Escargots- very good but VERY garlic tasting, hopefully if you are getting this you aren't on a date.

Duck Confit- This was pretty clumsily done and dissapointing

Whipped Cauliflower- this is actually pretty good- esp if you are trying to avoid potatoes for health reasons this is the side for you

Macaroni Gratin- nothing special, best had elsewhere on the strip 



Ambiance- Many people like sitting outside as you get a good view of people walking the strip and the Bellagio fountains so if the weather is amenable I would recommend that.Cute little French Bistro! It's the perfect place to sit outside in warm weather as well.

It was pretty busy when I went, so I'm not sure if that kind of attributed to the less than impeccable service (Hey, i get it. People get tired and overwhelmed so they only lost one star for this.) The other star is for the location. It's conveniently located on the strip and right across from the Bellagio and the water fountain, but at the time there was construction going on and the people that were walking by were the obnoxious drunks/people recovering from the night before.
But we didn't let that ruin our lunch, we took in the Bellagio Fountain shows that would come on ever 15-30 minutes and ate our Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad, and Mon Ami Caesar Salads and basked in the warm Las Vegas weather.

Ultimately, it was pretty good.
Seeing as how we only ordered salads, I can't exactly give them major kudos on their food but the combination of ingredients in the salad were pretty good, and the spinach/lettuce leaves were very fresh.The food and atmosphere somewhat made up for the poor service and seating we were given. We did not have to wait very long at 9:30 AM for an outdoor table. However, we were placed in the far corner hidden by an umbrella and pelted with horrible wind and smells from the alley way. It was shady and the heating lamp did not reach us. We were hardly approached by our waitress. I'm not a huge food critic so this review is to mainly address the poor service we received for the price we paidAre you kidding me?
Who writes their reviews?
They do obviously.
The croissants are sub par.
To give you the gist. If you go to your local Safeway or Krugers or cheapo grocery store at 10:30 at night and purchase the croissant they have had out all day after they defrosted it from yesterday you would be doing much better.
I ordered a side of maple smoked bacon.
I guess maple smoked to them means under cooked and dredged in maple syrup.
Please goes some place else. Any place else and you will be doing yourself a favor.
Now Mon ami! Stop writing your own reviews and spend your time learning how to cook!
Hacks.
Terrible.We came here for breakfast before the long drive back home. I ordered the Eggs Benedict. I was pretty disappointed: tiny portion on a huge plate, a small piece of canadian bacon, and barely any hollandaise sauce. I can get better in San Marcos, CA. I will never order that again.

My friend upgraded his cappucino to the larger size (cup? bowl? I can't remember the name, sorry!). Essentially, this meant that for just a dollar more he received an entire soup bowl filled with cappucino. Crazy.My friends and I decided to try this restaurant for breakfast after hearing great reviews. Overall, the food and service was great. However, they brought my friend the wrong entree. She still loved the one they brought, so they took her coffee and her husband's coffee off of the bill. As we were paying the bill, one of the servers was clearing the table next to us and a glass shattered on the ground, sending shards towards myself and another guy at our table. I ended up with a cut on my leg that was bleeding for several minutes as they sent a manager over. I told them I was fine, which I was. However, I found it a bit disappointing that  my calm response was met with no offer to make it right. Especially when they offered a discount after simply bringing someone the wrong entree. After all, if I had made a big deal out of it, they probably would have at least offered to discount the bill. Seems like only bad behavior is rewarded these days.Really popular brunch and dinner spot on the strip. We went here for brunch. The atmosphere is great, they do a good job of pulling off the French bistro feel. We were seated on the patio railing which was great. People watching in Vegas is superb, so we basically had brunch and a show. The food was ok. I had the eggs benedict which were good. My girlfriend did not like her eggs and bacon. The eggs tasted very buttery and the bacon had some sort of sweet glaze over it. Obviously, people like this, but for us, it was just too much. The service was acceptable. Overall, we liked it for the experience and atmosphere.I so wanted to love this place, but it was bad. Maybe an off night. I heard from many people that this place is excellent, but it wasn't. We had to send our food back.

The onion soup was actually really good.

Cheese plate-Nothing special

Beef Wellington was ok

Scallops were cooked perfectly, but can use more seasoning.

The halibut was super dry.

Got the seafood platter. The clams, oysters, shrimps, seaweed salad, salmon tartar were all delish, but then the lobster was horrible. It was so rubbery. It was way over cooked. We ordered 2 of these and we only got 50% off for one. Seriously? Both of ours were super bad and the fact that they precooked it then chilled it tells me your food is not fresh. How disappointing. We couldn't even swallow it. It was that bad. 

Side dishes: Garlic spinich-yummy, Cauliflower-too heavyThe Good:
-Quick seating, but still do yourself a favor and make a reservation. 
-Affordable pricing (for Vegas)
-Good Fries 
-Decent selection of champagne by the glass (Nice to find a place that doesn't push me to become a lush and buy the whole bottle)
-Cute digs
-Nice serving staff
-Nice view of the water show at the Bellagio


The Developmental Needs:
-Medium-well steak (tried 3 different ways) felt a bit rubbery the first and second time we visited
-Flavor in the food leaves a lot to be desired. Even the desserts didn't win me over. This made me sad. 


I'm not a huge fan but due to convenience and consistency with what they could execute well we went back twice. Definitely go and see what works for you. The location is great and perhaps there were just gems on the menu that we weren't able to try.I recently stayed at the Paris Hotel in Vegas and we happened to hit Mon Ami Gabi for brunch.  I remember going to a MAG back in the DC area years ago and enjoying the experience.  I probably didn't know any better back then. :)  JK. Kind of. I probably had steak and frites and it was probably decent.

So let's get back to brunch. A couple of weekends ago I struggled with trying to find a gluten free, egg-free item on the menu.  I ended up ordering - ok, is it bad that I had to go back to look at the menu to figure out what I ordered?!  - oh yes, the brie and chicken sandwich sans the bread.  What I got? A chicken sandwich with only brie and no onions - and lots of bread. LOL.  It was unremarkable. I don't even think the breakfast menu was still be served, so that was not an option. My friend had the tuna melt and seemed happy and the other friend had a caesar salad because quite frankly, she couldn't eat anything else on there due to her eating restrictions. 

The server was not particularly friendly when he realized we were not ordering drinks.  Food was generally unremarkable.  It would have been nice to sit in the well lit area, but we got stuck in the darker part of the restaurant.  

It was convenient, but not particularly noteworthy. I wouldn't bother when there are so many other great restaurants to try.Mon Ami Gabi has over 4000 reviews and boasts an average of 4 Stars. On a perfect day, this restaurant can score 5 stars every hour. It wasn't quite a perfect day, this morning , for Mon Ami Gabi & me. No, it wasn't a bad morning either. 
This restaurant is part of the Paris Hotel & Casino complex. It presents patio seating as well as inside seating. This restaurant shows off a very nice French decor and thus giving a European look and feel to its patrons. 
We ordered the Smoked Salmon Platter and the Croissant Sandwich with Turkey, Tomato & Avocado. The food was served with minimal waiting on a busy Saturday morning. The Salmon was fresh and the Sandwich was delicious. The portions were about average however matched well with the pricing. An average dish costs about $14.00 .
I am rating this restaurant at the average category not based on its quality of food or type of decor, which are excellent, but rating it on a service laden with a few errors. I had ordered some eggs to go with the Smoked a Salmon and the server had them on the ticket but the staff had forgotten about them. It was corrected later. We were served coffee however no spoons to stir it with. This was not corrected. We used our butter knives to stir and mix the coffee. 
The food at this establishment is absolutely delicious. The price point is perfect. The service category may have just had a less than stellar morning today. 
I will dine here again and also recommend others to do so.Nice to sit outside and face the Bellagio fountains. I had the macaroni gratin which was vegetarian and eggless. Good service. The staff were able to determine what was vegetarian and eggless, but not much other than salads.Kind, attentive service, however the Warm Goat Cheese Salad was soggy and the goat cheese was room temperature and hard. Perhaps it has been warm a few hours ago, but it wasn't true to the French dish nor was it warm as advertised. The waitress then tried to make the argument that it was supposed to be room temperature so it could spread better. Not so spreadable when it's old and dried-out!I found this place on yelp and came to eat because of the excellent reviews. I ordered ribeye medium rare. They gave me a rare one. They toke it back to redo it and then gave me a way over cooked one. My girlfriend ordered medium rare. They gave her medium well. They toke back but only gave her a more medium well one.Beautiful view of the strip. Pretty good food.

That day my friend and I wanted to eat on the strip with a view of the colorful tourists and Vegas locals. We sat in the outdoor area of Mon Ami Gabi. The view was great.

I ordered the special: scallops wrapped in bacon. I substituted a side of fries for the potatoes. It was pretty good.

My only issue was the waitstaff changed shifts while we were there and forgot about us for a while. It was difficult getting refills of water. 

However, for the experience of eating outdoors on the strip, it's worth it.Booking a table? Beware! Indoor tables are open for reservations. The patio and conservatory are not. For those wanting to forgo the dark, atmospheric inner room for the bright, light buzz of the other dining areas, be ready to wait the standard 20 minutes. 

I love that the interior does actually feel a little French, if not a little Disneyesque-French. The service is thoroughly American: friendly and completely casual. The food seems to be a hit-or-miss. And the lunch menu is not too exciting for food lovers.

Our appetizers--baked cheese and onion soup au gratin--were filling, hearty and verrrrrry tasty! Our mains offered a totally different experience. The croque monsieur, sadly, was not at all hearty or rustic. If you're hoping it'll be an oven-toasted pairing of tasty French bread and gorgeous ham, don't. It's basically sub-par toasted ham and cheese sandwich, storebought sliced bread to boot. The steak sandwich was flavorful but already cold upon arrival. Fries here are unique. They are so thinly sliced that they're actually like chips/crisps--not like what I remember of bistro fries in France.

Go here for the cute outdoor and conservatory seating, and view of the Bellagio fountains. Food is decent and filling--but nothing to write home about.The food was mediocre at best. I ordered the steak sandwich. The entire meal was too greasy and had entirely too much mayo on the bread. The service was nice, but the restaurant was really hot and very little space between tables.My boss kept on buggin bout this place because he heard it was a nice place to eat and u can watch the water show outside of Bellagio when you eat in the patio. So we got to this spot and it was a 2 hr wait to sit in the patio. That was a hell naw! So we ate inside and its dark as hell in there! I couldnt even see the menu. Plus the waitors had that French accent and couldnt really understand that! I think the darkness in there affected my hearing also!!! It was funny kuz I asked the waitor how the Salmon is cooked and he said "panned" but i couldnt understand the way he said it. So I kept on sayin "HUH?!" and he finally got rid of his French accent and spoke to me in plain English. I was like "THANK U!"

I ordered the Salmon which was ok but i had better. We ordered chips for appetizer and that damn thang was stale! Unless thats their style of chips, i have no clue... my style of chips is crispy!!!

So overall, this place sucked in my opinion. I rather eat at Cheesecake Factory and have their salmon - YUMMM!!!

Thank goodness my company paid for this meal also!

Never Again Mon Ami Gabi. BTW, i kept on forgetting the name of this spot so i was calln it Milli Va Nilli!Just ok. I was a little disappointed it wasn't as great as I thought it would be. Customer service is great but the food is just mediocre.Worst service ever. Didn't pay attention to our orders at all so we had to send most of the food back. Steaks were over cooked with wrong sauces, etc...  Offered us free deserts because he screwed up so much, then only comped one and charged us for the second one. Unbelievable....I really wanted to like this place. a lot. I really did. 

I guess my experience had a bit of lackluster, but I wasn't thoroughly pleased with my visit here.  

I went with my gf over valentine's day weekend for lunch during on valentine's day.  We made reservations over open table a week before and we were seated inside the outer facing windows of the restaurant.  The atmosphere of the place is really beautiful, it really has you feeling like you're somewhere french other than sitting in a restaurant in vegas. 

She got the caesar salad while I got the cheese and onion soup (my apologies, I don't remember the actual name of it), and while the salad wasn't as tasty as others I've had, the soup was something to try if you've never had it.

She had ordered mussels for her main dish while I ordered the macaroni and cheese.  I should've ordered something else but I didn't know what else to order; I didn't like my dish at all. =T

My gf keeps raving about the place a lot, though she prefers that we go in the evening than during lunch (she says the menu is completely different at night).  I'll give this place another chance, but I surely won't get that macaroni dish ever again.This restaurant in the Paris hotel in Vegas is just ok. Went for early breakfast and got to sit on patio which is nice but 2 servers kept ignoring me. After waiting on 2 other tables who were seated after me one girl finally asked "ummm, has anyone waited on you yet?"  I hate being ignored when there's empty tables all around. Croque Madam was tasty & it's served w/thin crispy frites. Sandwich and one Kir Royale (chambord & champagne) was $29 so it's not super reasonably priced.We ate here because we wanted to sit out on a patio in Vegas...those are really hard to come by!  We had a nice breakfast and coffee on Sunday morning.  This place gets seriously busy...it is like a little french factory.  They turned a table of 5 of us in 30 minutes.  Not exactly what I would call a leisurely meal experience.  

I had the french onion soup which was pretty good.  It had a nice flavor and good crust of gruyere on it.  It definitely could have been hotter.  I also tried the mushroom & brie omelet...honestly it was just okay.  I've had better french food but was happy to have a patio experience in Las Vegas.I am editing the review I wrote below yesterday as I received an email from Chris Meeks and a call from Ryan the manager to get more information.  They were both very professional and wanted to make this right.  I appreciate the concern and their personal attention.  I will return to give them a second chance.  I still want the review I wrote last evening to be left here below.  IF this type of tepid food and slow service continues it will take more than just my experience to help the management team address what is an awesome location and potentially memorable Vegas experience.

Paula


I wish I had a good review for you.  I  was at first disappointed that even with a reservation I was put in a line to wait 15 minutes for my table and I was there right on time.  I was dining alone on a Thursday evening with a 6:45 seating. The first staff who met me after my wait, (hostess who seated me) was excellent..then things went downhill from there...first waiter spoke with such a heavy accent I could barely understand the specials...I got past that since I was looking forward to food that I researched online...the bread and fennel/apple greeting food was excellent....the Gratini Martini..not at all eventful just tasted like vodka and nothing else....the soup de jour was a  lukewarm disappointment(server put butter and a green spice/herb in my bowl and poured  from a teapot.. the soup in a teapot was only lukewarm....tasty but lacked warmth...and it was supposed to be warm??  the waiter pushed me to order my entree at first meeting....I felt rushed...I put him off with the soup order....I ordered the Rib eye Merlot...the steak was tender but lukewarm...again...I am sorry to say I felt rushed and NOT attended to...I would have sent it back but no one checked to see if I was happy with the order...the frites are just ok..not my thing...that is ok...I am sure some people must like them.....I also ordered asparagus....very disappointed in them....mushy and lukewarm....IS ANYTHING IN THE RESTAURANT THE PROPER TEMP?  I have made my own asparagus that was much better....I know this seems harsh...but I paid $87. for food and spirits and finally walked out leaving a mininal tip after the waiter brought me an after dinner drink that was supposed to be hot....again...only mildly warm...and then I had to wait 15 minutes AFTER I was finished for the check...... ....it is a great location with cold/lukewarm food and poor service....again...sorry I can't give this the reviews I read....just the truth here...maybe things will change....I felt disappointed.So.. This is not about food.. The food we had was absolutely delicious. The Burrata with olives were devine, the Classique prepared MR was on point. But the service was far far below par. We asked to be seated on the patio for our 8pm reservation and we were. The table was the farthest table in the very back corner of the patio- which wasn't a problem because we were happy to be able to be seated outside and we were celebrating our 5 year Anniversary. We were offered water and then we waited, and waited for our server to stop by. When he came (8:15) he was short but friendly enough- offered us other beverages and we told him we were not given a wine by the glass menu. He left and the wine menu appeared a bit later. On his next wave by we ordered our Burrata and our entrees along with drinks. Wine came then Burrata followed by steaks @8:50. We ate quickly (we were hungry) but we only finished half of our meals so we could save room for dessert (9:05) So we pushed our plates to the side and waited. And waited. And waited. About 25 mins later (9:30) We asked the server assistant to please box our meals and bring the check. We both had lost the celebratory feeling and by the time our plates were cleared to be boxed we both agreed we would never come back. We finally gave our card to the server assistant and asked him to please run it so we could leave (9:35) Paying 120$ for a dinner I would expect not to be put in a corner and completely forgotten and ignored.Dined here recently after reading all the wonderful reviews of this restaurant. We made reservations for dinner which Is recommended.  Mon Ami Gabi has a very romantic atmosphere as well as great service.  The view from the patio where we were dined  was also great.  We saw the water show at the Bellagio four times during our dinner.  Unfortunately, our excitement dissipated more quickly than our food. Started with escargot which required seasoning.  My wife ordered the trout almondine which she said was tasty but had numerous scales.  My steak frites was less than memorable. To be honest, the steak was cooked as requested, but did not warrant a return visit. The potatoes were so overcooked, I couldn't use a utensil to eat them. These are not major issues, but I do expect more for what I paid. Won't be back!I found the reviews to be inflated for Mon Ami Gabi and wouldn't recommend.

I went in with pretty high expectations for brunch and left sorely disappointed. We ordered the eggs benedict, steak frites and cherry/blueberry juice. Everything was pretty subpar and a sad excuse for a full plate.

Eggs benedict: Probably one of the most boring eggs benedict I've ever seen (esp at this price point) Two measly-looking poached eggs / Canadian bacon (or ham, can't remember) / English muffin with a bunch of cherry tomatoes on the side. The highlight of the dish were the cherry tomatoes.
Steak frites: The fries were okay. The steak was really gritty but the sauce was the saving grace.
Fresh cherry/blueberry juice: Definitely not fresh, and LOADED with sugar. 

One pro is the wait wasn't long, given that it's a pretty large restaurant.I went there with the party of 5 on December 2011. The food was okay, but it wasn't a pleasant service at all. We ordered about 7 menus, but the orders came very late. However, they were servicing two mafia looking men very nice & quick when those men were talking about coming out of a prison & stuff. The waitress charged us extra on the orange juice refills after I asked & confirmed that it was free refill. It seemed that one of the waitress didn't speak English & she got confused or something. I felt really bad & ripping off.The was nothing spectacular. It was good,  but not great. The steak frites are very good.I neglected to note that when we mentioned we did not enjoy the dish, they reversed it and were very professional. Food was mediocre, but the service was excellent.Disappointed!

I came here with friends for lunch and was looking forward to sitting in the patio. Too bad the wait was an hour so we decided to sit inside. Of all the available seats, we were seated next to the door that had a draft. Luckily, the server allowed us to move over one table. 

Warm bread was provided when the server came along. 

We started off with Escargots de Bourgogne ($10.50). It was described as "oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter." It was decent. NOT enough butter for my taste and a bit too much garlic. However, dipping the hard bread in the sauce was still okay. Unless you're really craving for escargot, I'd pass on this dish.

I ordered the Prime Steak Sandwich cooked Medium w/au jus, mustard mayo, caramelized onions ($13.95) and that came with their "signature hand-cut frites."  I think I should have ordered this medium-rare because the steak was not as tender as I would like. Overall, it was a simple sandwich and the sauces complimented well. Their frites were definitely different from what I'm use to. Like most of the reviewers have said, these are borderline potato chips! My friend and I kept calling them a TEASE. It was too thin to fulfill us...

I would have given this place TWO STARS but the server was engaging and attentive. 

Sooo.....unless I was going to be seated in the patio with a few Bloody Marys in hand, I doubt I'd come back here for lunch.Atmosphere- and ambiance-wise this is a great spot in the center of the Las Vegas Strip for people watching and feeling as if you are a true tourist; however, the meals aren't extraordinary for the price.  As my chef friends have mentioned, this is a "turn-and-burn" type of restaurant.  If you are a true foodie, you would understand the notion of these types of restaurants.  Nonetheless, I would still come back to try other entrees on the menu.Nice if you can forget that this place is supposed to be a French restaurant. Most entrees come with crunchies - fries or garlic chips, and I hope people don't walk out of here believing that this is what French food will be like if they go to the real Paris someday.

However, as a steakhouse, it's good. I conspired with a friend to share his steak with bordelaise sauce, and both were delicious. In turn I got the skate and shared it with him. It was good, but not great - I was expecting more of a creamy sauce as is common in French fish preparation. But it was pretty dry and of course so were the garlic chips and the veggies on the side. Bread was nice and warm. Their creme brulée was so-so - they definitely left the torch on for too long on a couple parts of the shell, and I got a bitter, burnt taste in my mouth.

Oh, and at the beginning of the meal 5 of us shared the scallop appetizer, which was good, but not good for the $16 it cost us.

They have an alright wine list and this is the first place in recent history that I've been to where I can get Pouilly-Fuissé by the glass -- which is great, because I'm too cheap to get a whole bottle.

Not cheap, but worth going to if you want to get a good steak. Just don't look at it as a French restaurant.We went here for Thanksgiving dinner and had a terrible dining experience.  The bus boy spilled an entire glass of our wine over the table and it got all over the front of my father's shirt.  They were quick to get a bunch of napkins to soak up the mess on the table and then eventually changed out the table cloth, but I had to request that they bring us soda water immediately to try to get the red wine out of his shirt!  

The manager came over and didn't do a good job dealing with the situation.  He lamely offered to pay for my father's dry cleaning if the stain didn't come out.  No offer to replace the glass of wine or take anything off of the bill for the inconvenience.  So my dad had to sit there with a wet shirt for the remainder of the meal and wasn't compensated in any way.  Nor did the manager return to our table (as he promised) to provide his business card so that we could take him up on the offer to pay for the dry cleaning.  Very unprofessional.

To top it off, as we were eating our extremely mediocre turkey dinner, the waitstaff was panicked -- running around saying "86 the holiday desserts!  86 the holiday desserts!!!  Are we even HAVING Thanksgiving dinner anymore??!?!"  The kitchen had clearly underplanned and run out of the pecan tart and pumpkin bread pudding by 8:15 pm.  It was very distracting and unpleasant to have the staff yelling right near our table as we tried to eat our meal.  Somehow, our waiter managed to put two tarts and a bread pudding on hold so we still got ours even after this whole debacle about the kitchen being out of them, albeit they were cold and didn't hold a candle to the bread pudding at Gordon Ramsey Steak.

Not recommended.Very interesting place to dine if you crave some French for breakfast.  I ordered the Egg's Benedict Special which was very generic and had a dry piece of meat on it.  The Chocolate Pancake-Crepe they have with strawberries is also very delicious buy very heavy at the same time.  

I gave this a 3 star because the quality of the food was there.  However, when they mentioned the Egg's Benedict Special, I expected something different or unique.  All that came was some overtly cooked frites, that tasted like oily potato chips, and dry meat on a generic Egg's Benedict.  The food, I agree is very filling, but you can probably get the same type of food with better quality somewhere else.I was excited to try this place due to the popularity on yelp and booked it the day before New Year's Eve. We were running late and I called to say so since we had booked it on OpenTable. They said ok, and we were seated promptly upon arrival. Within 10 minutes, I received an email from OpenTable saying I had a no-show - uhh, ok. Someone at the front doesn't know how to use their computer.  

We were seated next to the atrium along the right side (facing the street). Our server (brunette, middle aged woman with bangs) came by to take our order and I asked how big the half serving of mussels were: she said 8 pieces. I've never heard of such a small serving before and I assumed they must be big. I said I'll take the full one and she said "it's 16 pieces". When it came out the mussels were tiny and there were way more than "16". They were forgettable. She ignored us the rest of the evening but was attentive to the table of 4 next to us, taking time to explain the dishes that were brought to their table. Great, I didn't feel any discrimination at all. /sarcasm

Our young busboy, however, was a true gem and the only saving grace of this place. He came by constantly to refill our waters and replied "yes, ma'am" when I said thank you. Our server even just stacked all the dishes on this poor boy and told him to finish clearing our table but personally cleared the table next to us. When we were leaving, he even said "thank you, happy new year". 

I should've gotten his name, but management needs to promote that guy because he will bring customers back and knows what service is about. He has great potential and is hardworking, so I hope someone notices.I came here with three other friends for a early weekend dinner. We were seated very quickly. Great service and amazing bread and butter. But the steak frites were meh. I hate to say it, but it was overcooked and chewy.I made reservations here for my wife's birthday last week. The hostess that I originally spoke with spoke broken English and was hard to understand. The day of the reservation I called to push our time back a little and I was informed they couldn't find my reservation at all. The hostess that informed me we no longer had a table really didn't seem to care and was not apologetic at all. We then asked to speak with a manager. The manager said that she'd get us in about an hour later and that we would be guaranteed outdoor seating. When we arrived at the restaurant, the hostess stand was a mess. None of the hostesses seemed to know what they were doing. Again they tried to seat us inside. I informed them we had spoken to a manager because our reservation had been lost and we were promised outdoor seating. Again, they didn't seem to care that they had screwed up and we ended up having to wait another 20 minutes for a table. 

Once we finally got our table, our hostess was just okay. She didn't make an attempt at any conversation with us. I informed her it was my wife's birthday and they again screwed up and told us "happy anniversary". Not sure where they got that from. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't quite what I expected. The only great thing about this restaurant is the view of the strip. 

Overall, this restaurant was NOT worth the money. The staff is terrible and the food is just okay. I'm not a fancy five star snob but if I'm going to pay hundreds of dollars for a birthday dinner, I'd expect far better service. Do yourself a favor and look past this place.This restaurant personifies everything I hate about the Paris Hotel. It is too over the top in its efforts to match the French theme...and in doing so, sacrifices much of its quality.

I visited this establishment when I was on a steak hunt...trying Rib-eye steaks at different restaurants throughout the US. The steak was decent, but in trying to meet the French theme, sauced the thing to death. 

Perhaps there are better options on the menu...maybe I just picked the wrong thing during my great steak hunt phase. But in my opinion, there are much better places to eat on the strip that don't involve a theme other than good food!

This is my first one-star review. I would honestly consider giving it 0-stars if that were an option.Great food at good prices (considering Vegas) in a good location. Service acceptable but under par. Would recommend for lunch or brunch in their atrium  on the strip sidbut probably would not dine here for dinner given other nearby options.Excellent service and terrace just opposite 
Bellagio fountain 
Food however is more or less average bistro fare. Decent wine by the glassThe steak is so chewy and rough! The scallop and onion soup are so salty! Have no idea why it gets 4 stars in yelp!! Not recommendedFood -  We ordered Onion Soup, Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad and Beef Bordelaise. 
Onion Soup - was OK but a bit on the salty side. Generous portion and definitely was not stingy on the onions. The beef stock was salty and does not have that rich buttery aroma to it.

Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad - It was light and refreshing. It was simple yet delicious. The soft-poached egg mixed nicely with the citrus vinaigrette. The portion is on the small side.

Beef Bordelaise - Steak was nicely prepared - medium rare as we have asked for. The potato chips on the side was impressive but a bit too salty to eat alone. 

Ambience - Will definitely ask for an outdoor seat next time. The lights for the indoor seating was poor and not suitable for taking "foodie" pictures :PThis is technically a review update as I was originally working on a 2-star review for this restaurant (had dinner with friends during a bachelorette party and it was TERRIBLE for both food and service). 

We most recently made it here again in Vegas because my husband really wanted to try this place with his family (even though I tried really to convince him otherwise due to my awesome experience just a few months ago), they pleasantly surprised us with mediocre service and decently-tasting food - still took a long time for the whole meal service, but at least they improved from my previous experience!Bad food at a beautiful location. Lesson learned, sit on the patio or go elsewhere. We made the mistake of coming here for the brunch food, which was on par with Denny's.

It was a 45 minute wait for a table outside on a Saturday at 11am so we sat inside instead. We were seated near the entrance. The dining room was too dark. The tables were way too close together, other diners stepped all over us trying to sit down, and we didn't want to hear their NASCAR and Budweiser conversation.

Our waiter took our orders, served our food, and checked once to make sure everything was okay. Other than that, he was completely forgettable. Oh, except that he corrected wifey's pronunciation of crêpe as "crape". *POP* goes the sound of the pretend-we're-in-Paris bubble.

Our main complaint was the food, it was uniformly bad.

The crêpe was served floating in a grainy béchamel sauce that tasted like raw flour and pretty much ruined it.

The Croque Madame egg was overcooked (no runny yolk), cheese was congealed, and toast was dry.

Our brunch came with a generous serving of french fries so thin they were nearly potato chips, and they were pretty tasty.

The make-your-own Bloody Mary bar is genius and delicious, there's tons of fresh and pickled veggies, different stuffed olives, and different hot sauces to choose from. I would have liked a larger glass to get more good stuff in there, 1 shot of vodka and some ice filled half the glass. There was hardly any room to put all the goodies in. I did love that you can choose any vodka (goose please!).I saw all the wonderful reviews and really wanted to come here for lunch, after we had settled in.  I ordered the ham & cheese crepe, which was bleh.  It wasn't as good as I had thought, and after seeing what my friends ordered, I wished I had ordered something else instead. My friends got the salmon and another ordered the seafood platter, which both are really good.  Service was pretty bad.  It took forever to get our check, but again, it was pretty busy at the restaurant.  We wanted to sit outdoors, but it was at least a half hour wait, and at that time, we were starving as we had just came to Vegas, so we opted to sit inside instead.  I may come again, but for either brunch or dinner because the pictures looked good and I was not able to try any of those items.This is a cute little place located in Paris. You definitely want to take advantage sitting in the patio on a nice, sunny day. It might be a little wait though. We had to wait around 30 minutes. Totally worth it.

The food here is typically priced from around $10-25. I ordered the french onion soup. It was a decent size. My soup had a nice cheesy crust over the top. And they were definitely generous with the cheese. Cheese = happiness. I like that bit a lot. The bread that was under the cheese was a bit too oversaturated with the soup and mushy. It's a personal preference kind of thing, but i really do not like mushy, slimy things. Overall the soup was decent, a bit pricey for a French Onion Soup though, $10. For $10 it could have been better. 

My friend got steak au poivre. I think she ordered it rare, but when I taste tested her food, it seemed more medium rare to medium. I thought the meat was on the tough side. But my friend had no complaints. She moreso loved the flavor of the meat and sauce. The steak was huge too. So i guess she did get her money's worth for a dish that cost $25.95. 

Another friend i was with got the Big Skinny lemon pancakes, or something of the sort. They were thin pancakes, a bit thicker than crepes, slathered with lemon butter and syrup (i think). I had a small bite. It was pretty good. My friend seemed to like it just fine. He still ate all of it despite this being his second meal in the morning. 

Overall, I think this is a cute place to stop buy and have a nice brunch on a pretty, sunny day with friends. The food was okay, in my taste. I wouldn't go so far as to say it was an unforgettable experience. I was not wowwed or anything but It was cute! if sitting on the patio under the sun is your thang, then do your thang at Mon Ami Gabi.Don't make a reservation for breakfast at the patio they don't honor them.  Wow. We even are hotel guest and platinum members and no love at all.Ordered 3 dishes: blueberry waffle, chicken, Brie and Apple crepe and eggs florentine Benedict. 
The crepe was great. The waffle was cold and I had to have it sent back. The muffin and the hash brown in the eggs Benedict dish were burnt and crispy. 

Service is good. Don't think I'll come back though as Vegas has a lot more to offer.Came with a party of 5 and sat on the patio watching the fountains at belaggio. Ordered steak chicken and scallops. Scallops were mediocre the steak looked like they had pounded it and it just wasn't very good. After dinner at echo and rig the night before this was a little bit of a let down. 

Service was the only saving factor from getting only two stars. Our server was great and very attentive without being annoying.Location is the real selling point here (center strip) and if you can get a seat outside or on the patio, you'll get a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. The inside is a bit dark and dingy looking but overall the food is pretty solid. Went for brunch and I had the chicken & mushroom crepe (pretty good) and the girlfriend had the egg salad sandwich (delicious). Bread to start the meal was also great, however the french fries and chips they served on the side were a bit disappointing. 

I was really excited to hear that they had a DIY Bloody Mary bar but this was also a bit of a letdown. They have a few toppings but nothing extravagant which is what I was expecting from the waiter's sales pitch. Maybe my standards are too high when it comes to Bloody Mary's but I wouldn't pay extra for this particular bar.

Service was friendly but slow and I had to flag down the waiter numerous times to order, ask for refills of water, etc. I think brunch is the best time to go here and I would go back but not if there was a wait.Tourist trap with a gluten-free menu - that's how we got reeled in... not worth it.

We started with bread/onion soup (regular for me, GF for my husband) - not bad, served piping hot.

I had the scallops - served barely warm on a severely hot dish... the scallops were way over-salted and gritty.  My husband had one of the steaks (maybe the hanger..?) which he said was cooked to order and tasty.

The service felt really forced and faux-French... felt like they were trying way too hard to give the "experience" of being in Paris without delivering the quality.  I know, it's Vegas...Dining inside, we found the ambience to be nice, although the restaurant was crowded and bustling. Service was prompt, efficient and professional.  I choose the  Steak Frites, with the New York  strip cut.  The steak was average size and average quality. The potatoes  were like a cross between chips and fries - not in a good way.  My wife ordered the Steak Bernaise, which she enjoyed very much.   Overall, attractive "French" bistro  atmosphere, good service  and decent food .  Not a bad choice.OK spot when someone else is paying. Great for business lunch if entertaining clients. Food is overpriced, but if you crave steak frites or a tuna nicoise salad with a view of the fountains, this is your spot.

BTW, I saw someone order the vegetable tagine, which sounded delicious on the menu, but it looked like a watery disaster when it came out. Would avoid that one and stick to the meat if possible. Definitely limited options for vegetarians.Popular. 
This is a place with a view. Because of its location right opposite ballagio fountains makes for a visual seating if you don't mind the long wait. 
We chose this place strictly based in the popularity. We managed to get seats inside on a crowded Friday night. The order took a while. This place is crowded inside as well. We ordered the fish of the day and steak. I wish the menu had more gourmet variety. The food was nothing special, just something you would find in a good regular restaurant.Maybe it was because this was one of many amazing meals I had that week or maybe it was because I had one too many sangrias, but I thought this place was just okay.

I am thinking that it has such high reviews because for the price you are getting everything at, you are getting a great deal. It is a higher-end, nicer sit-down meal, but it is not the best you are going to find in Vegas, nor the worst. 

We started with the housemade country pate, which was excellent. We also got the warm brie cheese which was divine - I don't even like brie cheese but I found myself eating more and more of it.

For my main course, I got the beranise steak frites. It was cooked correctly, but I just did not find anything special about it. I had also had a few steaks earlier in the week that specialized in different types of steaks, so it could be that my review is skewed because of that.

The ambiance of the place is also really nothing special either. Like most restaurants in Vegas, the tables are too close together, so you feel like you are dining with the couples on either side of you. We had a reservation for 6:30pm and didn't get seated until 7pm, so that was a little off-putting as well. It was noisy, but not so loud that I couldn't carry on a conversation at the table.

Overall, I would recommend this place to someone who is not a foodie, but is looking to have a nice sit-down meal at an affordable price for Las Vegas standards. For someone who is looking for a really good meal, I would send them elsewhere.i would have given this restaurant 5 stars, but i cant because they dont seem to have basic restaurant manners. dined 07/28 8:00pm

#1. reservation was at 7:30pm - bf and i arrived at 7:15. waitress tells us that they are extremely busy, so even with a reservation, we need to wait 20~30 min past 7:30. OK b*tch, whats the point of calling a week ahead for reservations, if i need to wait. restaurants shouldnt over-book peak times. 

#2. our server came back twice. once to take our order and once to ask if we wanted dessert. never came with diet coke.

#3. the lady next to us huffs and puffs into the table, she was in an extremely crappy mood bc she thought a corner booth was a HORRIBLE spot to sit in. then she takes out her phone and proceeds to turn on her FLASHLIGHT to look at the menu! :O she left if on for over 15 min. every single time she twitched, the light reflected off her glass of water into my eyes. at this point im about to flip her table, but i dont want to ruin everyone else's dinner. i call over a waiter, couldnt get his name, but he is the tallest bald one of the night. this douche grins, then tells me he cant tell her what to do. im not pissed bc he didnt do anything, im pissed bc of the way he handled the situation. 20 secs later, i see him walking to a bunch of waiters and waitresses near our booth - he laughs, they laugh. fuck this guy. 

there are 2 reasons i am giving this place 3 stars:
      1. food was good. 
      2. i saw the restaurant manager? guy in a suit? he grabbed the diet coke for us, brought us extra bread, and asked if we were enjoying our meal. 

NEVER AGAIN.Dinner at Mon Ami Gabi was good... nothing spectacular, but good.

We told the hostess our party was all here, but then two of our group wandered off by the time the buzzer was called, and she was NOT happy when we sat down with 2 missing people from the group. She rolled her eyes at us, which was a little uncalled for.

Besides that, the servers were great, and the food was good. The appetizers were our favorites--the baked brie and warm goat cheese/marinara dip were AMAZING. I could have licked the plates! My steak was fine... a little overcooked, but fine. I also tried the scallops which weren't memorable.Huge disappointment - after reading all the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to have my family's Christmas dinner at Mon Ami Gabi.  Perhaps it was Christmas and the chef wasn't around or there was no delivery of fresh steak on Christmas day or whatever, but the steaks were the worst we've ever had at a restaurant that claimed to be a steakhouse of any sort.        

We had the following: 

- French onion soup - standard, decent, not spectacular
- Frisee & bacon salad - tasty
- Steak au poivre
- Steak roquefort
- Filet mignon with merlot butter  and red wine reduction

I think the problem is with quality of the steaks, the sauces were fine, but my mom's steak roquefort had the texture of cotton, my sister's steak au poivre had the texture of cotton with lots of veins and fat lumps, my filet mignon had a stringy texture like a inferior cut of meat and was not at all firm.  It was so bad that we left much of the entree untouched and left right after the main course, we didn't even have dessert on Christmas!!  This was a very disappointing meal and ruined our Christmas.  

On the other hand, the service was fine and the  prices were definitely cheaper than traditional steakhouses, $31 for the filet and $23 for the regular steaks, but the quality is not anywhere near Ruth Chris, Morton or Fleming's.While the portions  served doesn't  equate  the amount you pay,  the food is descent,  good service.  Located in a picturesque  part of the Las Vegas  Strip,  in Paris.  The view is good,  the place was packed.  Waiter  was very nice.  One complain  I have regards to the toast that came with my food.  They were hard.  And I hated  that.  The bread given  before  ordering  is a very good touch.  We ordered from the breakfast  menu which was good since vee were there for brunch  time.Real French people will cringe at the thought of this place, but, what can one expect, when there is a mock Eiffel tower outside? Obviously you should not expect anything authentic. 

We were given a buzzer and told it would only work within the immediate casino area, and not outside - a typical Vegas move to keep you roped in to the smokey casino space. There was a 40 minute wait (within the 30-45 minutes we were warned of) for us to get in, and even though we missed the breakfast deadline (being seated at 11 AM exactly), our waiter said we certainly could get breakfast. With that reassurance we ordered from the breakfast menu without a problem. The staff were courteous and constantly refilling our water and coffee, but I was "backhanded" every time. 

My cappuccino was somewhat weak and tepid, as was my girlfriend's coffee, which she described as "coffee flavored water."

My salmon eggs Benedict were tasty, as was the side of wheat toast and berry bowl. However, all of the hot food arrived at close to room temperature. 

Also, there was a frequent odor of sewage wafting our way. Not sure there's anything to be done about this, as we were seated outside, but still, it affected the experience.Had 8pm reservations on a Thursday evening, but it was for inside so we waited 45 minutes at the bar for a patio table.  Enjoyed our time there at the bar there was a lovely bar tender we chatted with.  Our table outside was in a croner really dark but we got to people watch and enjoy th Bellagio fountains so we were happy.  We started with a oyster potato soup and it was the bomb!!  We ordered the seafood platter, Maine lobster, shrimp, oysters for two and it was not very good.  It all tasted like it was frozen and lacked flavor really not good.  I guess we should have tried something else, we will go back but don't order that.  So I give this 4 stars for the restaurant  location etc, but the food was lacking so I have to downgrade to  3 stars.First time here. FOOD REVIEW: 

Some chicken & mushroom crepe (didn't order this but didn't care, originally ordered the ham and cheese crepe): the chicken was dry and it had some interesting weird white sauce on the top/ side. Wouldn't order again. 

Chicken & Brie sandwich- our whole table agreed this was the best dish. Flavor and chicken was made well and fit together and was good! 

French toast- not the normal French toast with syrup, but I love blueberries ! The syrup was thick and blueberry mixed and the bread was fluffy and nice to eat. But if you like the "normal" type of French toast with the syrup and you're craving that, this probably isn't what you want to order. Wasn't too sweet, it was about average. 

Eggs Benedict: straight up AVERAGE in all ways and came with 4 small Roma tomatoes on the side. Very plain but pretty much the most average eggs Benedict you could think of and make at home. 

Fries- most were burnt or too skinny but some were okay... just ehh. 

Server- she was nice but horrible to ask questions on the menu about to compare the dishes. I asked if people liked the beef Benedict or eggs one more and she said "people like it". Uhm... that doesn't help and I'd hope people would like the food here... anyways it wasn't a horrible experience but wouldn't come back since there's other places to try and eat.This is primarily a tourist trap. The waiter was friendly and entertaining. They offer free samples of wines if you can't decide.  We had the escargot which was drowning a delicious garlic based sauce.  I didn't think the food was real French food, no duck on the menu. just chicken.
The fish dish my husband ordered was odd. Something people eat on survival shoes.  Sauce was good.   Again not a real French restaurantCan't make reservation for My uncle's bday and specially with all the folks and They made me wait for over 20mins for party of 9ppls and then tell me to wait another 2 hours again for seating at the patio !! Worst service ever !! Specially the host + the manager !! They serviced us the bday cake without took it out from the cake !! They need to get a little more training for customer service !! And can't believe even we spent $600 over here with 18% tip included but don't get a little good service !!! Never go back again!!!!Fine dining in Vegas can be found pretty much everywhere, but this place was special for two reasons in my book: Flavor and the view! Now granted it was by luck that Bellagio's water show can be seen from the deck of this restaurant, but it sure makes for great dinner entertainment! 
 
We went here at about 5 p.m. on a Friday afternoon to have dinner before seeing a show, and I was impressed and let down in places, hence the 3 stars. Photos attached to my review of our food, but we had two "house" salads, split a seared salmon with my girlfriend and my mother had a jumbo crab cake plate. The salmon came in a green sauce with peas, and I was BLOWN AWAY! I usually eat salmon at restaurants so I have had my fair share, and this version was brilliant, best I have had in a while. The "house salad" I had on the other hand was overly seasoned with little to no leafy greens (see photo)... And the kicker, for this 6 bite salad, or "Petite" salad as they called it, 7$!!! Also, I tried the jumbo crab cakes of my mothers and they were neither "jumbo" nor that flavorful. My girlfriend also had a drink with Stoli vodka which was 8$, and she asked for Sky...    

Overall it was enjoyable, mostly from the view, my salmon and the company I ate with, but as I said in the beginning, fine dining in Vegas can be found pretty much anywhere, and considering the amount (or lack there of for 3 people) of food / drinks we had, cost $75, I would try somewhere else...I kept hearing about this restaurant on the strip. I had to go check it out.  Went with my whole family! 
The restaurant is nice.
Situated on the strip with an open terrace so atmosphere is fun and lucrative at the same time.
But when it's time for the food you really can't understand what is all the fuss about.  Food was mediocre at best. Sorry to disappointThe day after a superb dinner at Guy Savoy (getting in later than my friends who were in Vegas to "party" and still waking up before them) I woke up early - feeling great I went for a run outside, the first time I'd ever done so in Vegas - what they say about it being "a dry heat" is right and the mornings are dry and cool - running from the Venetian down to Mandalay Bay and back I was more dehydrated than I normally am on a run twice the distance.  Drinking plenty of water and showering I'd worked up quite an appetite and made my way out for another walk south on the strip - this time to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris.  Arriving at 7:20am I was greeted by the friendly hostesses at the door and led promptly to a prime seat on the patio where I watched Vegas roll by - the best part about early morning Vegas is that there are only two sorts of people - the early morning joggers and the people just heading home.  I laughed like hell when a guy came up and yelled "high five - yellow shirt - I love yellow shirts" with regard to my vintage LA Kings T.  Only in Vegas.

Having heard much about Mon Ami Gabi's view - truly awesome sitting 4 feet above Las Vegas Boulevard and directly across from the fountains at Bellagio - I must admit I'd heard mixed reviews of the food and went in with tempered expectations.  Greeted by my server and handed a menu I was offered coffee which I graciously accepted.  A decent French Roast with heavy nuttiness the coffee was good, but probably the worst I had during my trip to Vegas...and refills were slow at best despite the restaurant being unfilled throughout my meal.  Browsing the menu I was impressed by both the sweets and the savories - deciding between the Blueberry French Toast and Poached Pear Waffles proved difficult and thus I ended up with neither.   Placing my order I also opted to order a pain au chocolate from the limited bakery menu.

Sitting for nearly 30 minutes while I waited for my food I sipped my coffee and watched the street - I've said it before and I'll say it again, half the "Vegas Experience" is people watching.  Eventually arriving along with only my first refill of coffee (I had to request it - thankfully after this service improved and a young man took over my coffee refills) I was somewhat surprised when the sweet arrived with my savory breakfast.  Cool and questionably fresh the Pain au Chocolate was appropriately buttery and flakey but lacked any pizzazz.  Featuring a small single vein of average chocolate I could've gotten the same dish for much less than $3.50 at most convenience stores.

Where I would consider the sweet a failure - I didn't even finish it - my savory at MAG was actually a unique take on a classic and quite delicious.  Described as a "classic" Croque Madame the dish was actually presented in a "deconstructed" fork and knife sandwich manner with two large slices of hearty grain bread pan fried in butter and then cut in half, topped with ham and gruyere cheese plus chives, and finished with a sunny-side up egg.  Accompanying the croque on the plate was a simple salad of frisee and vinegar and on a side plate were some oily and uninspiring (and decidedly American) hash browns with Heinz ketchup poured into a small cup.  While good this croque and accoutrements certainly wasn't as good as the version the previous day at Pinot and no-where near on par with the versions in Northern California at Butler and the Chef or Bouchon.

Finishing my meal and sipping on my coffee again my female server finally returned to my table to ask if I needed anything else - when I asked for a "to go" cup of coffee plus the check this duty was pawned off on the young man who'd been filling my coffee while she went back to talking to the other female server near the register.  Like Pinot I simply don't understand why "bistro" entails sub-par service in Las Vegas and I actually mentioned on my way out suggesting that I wanted my tip (left in cash as opposed to on my credit card as I normally do on vacation) be given to the young man and not my "server."  In general I can't say there is much to brag about at Mon Ami Gabi aside from the view and while the restaurant would certainly stand at the top of French cuisine in Columbus Ohio (my home) I'd much sooner go back to Pinot, Bouchon, Payard, or Tableau when in a dining destination city like Las Vegas.This is NOT a French restaurant, my darlings. This is a fake interpretation of a French restaurant. The escargots were in a watery, non-garlicy, overly parselied bath. You do NOT change the time-honored traditional recipe for escargots. When I mentioned this to the waiter, he said that the Chef likes to put his own spin on traditional recipes. YIKES!  They have no business calling it a French restaurant if they're going to mess with recipes that are 100s of years old and classic. The Steak Bordelaise was passable, but the Bordelaise was NOT authentically done. The frites were absolutely NOT done French style; they were potato chips. Well, what can you expect? It's Las Vegas where everything is a pale imitation and a fake reproduction of the real thing. Sigh.Service was slow. Had to send entree back to the kitchen because it was overcooked. Food was very bland.Probably the worst meal in my recent trip to Vegas... actually, perhaps one of my worst meals in Vegas - ever!

Came here for Sunday brunch and waited about 15 minutes before getting seated.  We had a large party of 10 and came at 11 am, so we had the option of ordering from the brunch or lunch menus.

It seemed like everything that could go wrong did go wrong.
-  Our waiter just didn't seem like he knew what he was doing.  He told us the wrong brunch specials, so my friend who ordered the portabello mushroom eggs benedict was sorely disappointed when his food came out and it was some sort of pork eggs benedict.  The waiter should've told him in ADVANCE that they didn't have his original order, not when the food already came out.  Instead he just said, "why don't you give it a try and see if you like it".  ?!?!?
-  Our food took FOREVER to come.
-  My other friend ordered the corned beef hash, but it wasn't until we had waited for who knows how long before the waiter came back and said they were all out of corned beef hash.  How do you run out of something sooo common?!

I was totally turned off by our waiter.  And most of the food is not really worth writing about.

-  Eggs Benedict.. meh
-  Tri-tip sandwich... meh
-  Salmon salad... yuck

The two highlights were the blueberry french toast and chicken liver pate.  Definitely recommend those.I have been to Mon Ami Gabi on a number of occasions over the years, but hadn't been in about a year or so.

I came here for lunch recently and the food and service were not what I remember. The plates and cups on the table were dusty and a little grimey. The food was not as tasty as previous visits. I have never been totally in love with the food, but it was always decent and the location and price point made it that much better. 

The lobster roll was overly creamy and mayonnaise-y and the croque Monsieur was ok and probably the best dish of the meal. Our dining companion found a hair in their salad and it took a long time to get our server's attention to get that fixed. After that her replacement dish was slow to arrive. 

It was a busy Sunday, so I understand that they were slower than usual but that didn't explain the dusty plates and glasses. 

It's still a decent restaurant to visit to enoy the patio and view of the fountains, the food just isn't as good as it used to be.We go to Mon Ami Gabi almost every time we visit Las Vegas. 
We love to sit on the patio and people watch while we dine but this trip it was too cold so we sat in the sunroom.
The food was a bit disappointing this trip. 
It wasn't that it was bad but we have high standard for this place because it's always so good. 
I had the spinach salmon salad. Not that great. 
Our guest had the hamburger and ordered it rare and it was a hockey puck well done. He has to send it back it was so bad. 
My husband had the club sandwich that tasted like nothing special.
The best thing was the steak sandwich my son had with the delicious au jus. 
We had both pate appetizers and that was the only saving grace.
We had a party of 5 and they added on the 18% tip. Really just for a party of 5. 
Service wasn't even that great either. 
We had the pate appetizers and that was the best part.The food here is wonderful. My friends and I arranged a set menu for our group of ten and everything was delicious. The people we spoke to before arriving were very nice and seemingly helpful... until we got to the restaurant and were told that it was "policy" that we could not do what we had been told twice before we could. (We were told that a couple of our group could go early to the restaurant and put our parties name down for the patio and then wait for the rest of our group to come at the reserved time). This type of customer service does a disservice to a restaurant that normally would have rated a 5 stars. Either tell your customers that something is not possible up front, or allow for special situations when they arise and be flexible. 
     It was not the way we wanted to start our dining experience.The crusty baguette and butter were the high point of the meal. The steak bordelaise was a super-cheap cut of beef smothered in caramelized onions and a cloyingly sweet red wine sauce. Not good at all. The frites were ribbon-cut, which I've never seen before, and were a mixed bag of soggy, limp fries and crisp, tasty ones. This dining experience would have been disappointing if I'd spent $10. The fact that my entree set me back $25 was just painful.

The only real reason to dine at Mon Ami Gabi is if you snag an outdoor table in order to people watch and take in the Bellagio fountain across the street. Perhaps stick with a cup of onion soup and bread to avoid the inevitable case of the crankies when you feel like you've been culinarily flipped the bird and price gouged.Over rated went there. For breakfast nothing special save a few dollars and go to the regular cafe in Paris for breakfast same type of food but cheaperThe view is great but the food was mediocre at best.  Ive eaten here before and loved it.  this time the service was slow and my steak luke warm.  We made a reservation but still had to wait in line with the walk-ins.  Too many other great restaurants on the strip to waste time here again.Solid restaurant, good service, good ambiance, but the food was nothing memorable unfortunately.  Not bad, but not amazing either.So, here's the scene. My friends and I are wicked hung over. It's the sort of hang over where you really need to purge a couple more times before you'll feel okay. 

Stupidly, we decide to eat here. We stumble through ordering before realizing the magnitude of our mistake. The view of the Bellagio fountains is great and the smell of the food wafting from other tables is probably great, when you aren't hung over. However, being hung over, this place was not good. 

I ordered some crepe-ish thing which came with a cloyingly heavy cream sauce. My stomach just couldn't take it. Those who know me know how much I can put away, but I just didn't have the stomach to get anywhere with these crepes. None of my friends were able to find hangover friendly fare either.

*******
Please note, I have eaten here when not hung over. It's a fairly solid restaurant, but only slightly better than Mimi's Cafe. I believe the primary value of this restaurant lies in the view and the location. There is much better French food for much less back home in SF.After all the raving my sister did about this place and with the ratings on Yelp, I expected more.  On our last night in Vegas we decided to have dinner here, of course I suggested this place.  With a party of 7 we had to wait for everyone to get to the restaurant in order to be seated.  The actual wait for a table after everyone showed up wasn't too bad.

Service was fine, however I kind of have to say that the wine the waitress recommended was not the bees knees.  

My date and I decided to share escargot, raw oysters and the pork tenderloin in caramelized onion sauce.  

Everyone else ordered the steak, salmon and chicken breast.

We started off with the complimentary crusty baguette served with butter and slaw.  I was starving and the bread was quite tasty. 

The escargot were fine, but a little lacking in flavor.  I actually prefer the escargot that they sell at Whole Foods for you to take home and bake.  Now THOSE are bombdiggity!  Oysters were pretty yummy and I wished for more, my date probably would have had ordered two orders of oysters and skipped the escargot.  

Pork tenderloin was a little small for the two of us to share, but thankfully I had filled up on the bread so it wasn't too bad.  The pork was a little dry and bland, but the sweet onion sauce made up for it.  The dish came with a little sprinkling of greens that I ate all of and a tomato stuffed with a parmesan, bacon, herb mixture.  The tomato was okay, but once you cut into it, the parmesan mixture spilled out.  

I got to try my sister's chicken breast that came with a salad and lemon.  It was a bit dry and bland as well.  :T  However, her date who ordered the salmon completely demolished his plate.  

The total bill for 7 people came out to be a little less than $300 minus the tip, which honestly isn't too shabby.  However, overall we weren't left blown away by the meal.  Would I come back?  Mmm, with all the dining options in Vegas I don't think this would be my first choice where I just HAAAAAVE to go.The food was delicious, prepared to perfection.  But the service, there were stretches of time when I was quite certain that our waiter had completely forgotten about us. The couple seated next to us came in well after us, but they were served their entre' before we even received our appetizers.  Kudos to the chefs but management either needs to hire more wait staff or cut back on the seating.Very pricy, food didn't match the price, quantity wise portion was small. The French onion soup was yummy, and the pork tenderloin I had was decent. I tasted the steak, very thin, nothing special. My buddy had the fish, not sure which one, but that was very yummy, but pricy. Very good bread. Service was ok.I was out and about this past weekend, photowalking with a friend down The Strip with the Paris being our first stop.  It was roughly 4:00pm or so when our stomachs began to speak to us.  A quiet stomach is usually a happy one, and mine was getting ready to tell me off for not feeding it.  

My friend said that steak frites makes for a good dish; me being fairly unexposed to French Cuisine, I learn that it's a common dish consisting of a steak and fries.  I like steak, and I love potatoes, so this sounded like a winning combination to me.  

We wandered through the Paris and looked at the menus of the different restaurants and cafes; surprisingly, the price for steak frites appeared to be cheapest at Mon Ami Gabi!  The other cafes offered steak frites for about $3 to $4 more than Mon Ami Gabi's offering.

So after deciding, my friend and I enter Mon Ami and are seated quickly, indoors just as we asked.  Water was brought to our table, and we were asked if we knew what we wanted.  It's hard to know what I want when we've been seated for less than two minutes...but okay.  We ask for a few more minutes, and the waitress then explains the day's specials.  My friend and I haven't even ordered yet and we both get the feeling that our server is either having a bad day, or doesn't want to work there.  The next time she comes by, we order the Steak Bearnaise ($23.95), a steak frites dish serve with bearnaise sauce.  While waiting for our dish we enjoy ourselves some french bread and butter.

When the food came, the dish was exactly what my friend had explained: steak and fries!  The steak was a thin strip of meat that we had cooked medium.  Fries were thin, crispy, and barely salted.  It made for a very pleasing side to the steak.  The bearnaise sauce was thick enough to coat either the steak or fries when dipped, but thin enough to start dripping off your food if you didn't eat it right away.  A nice buttery consistency and flavor, with hints of white wine possibly.  

The food was good; something I'd travel back to the Paris for?  Not really.  My rating above is a reflection of the service my friend and I experienced.  We were visited by our server a total of four times during our meal: to bring us water, to take our order, to take our dishes away and to drop off the check.  No asking how the food was, refills on our water, not even stopping by to see how things were after making eye contact with the server.  We didn't feel welcomed, we felt like a burden to the server.  This didn't feel like a French restaurant on the strip, this felt like a bad night at Applebees.  And that's not a hit to Applebees; I'm satisfied with the service at Applebees.I would give 4 stars for foods go but service is okay.. I felt that we been ignored because the way we dress.  We dressed very casual since we only  going to be Vegas for one day on 8 days bus tour to Yellowstone. I wanted my family to enjoyed some good foods since we haven't for last 6 days. So I made reservation thru open table 3 hours before.. which I glad I did.. I could see there was long wait. I can't remember exactly what I order but I know it goods.  I would go back there if I am in townOur server was make us rush to decide order and he didn't check our table after take our order. It was very rude. Food was just ok. Over price with this quality of dishes. I will not come back.Celebrated 2 birthdays here! Yay! We made reservations and were seated right away. There was a 1 hr wait to sit outside where you are right on the strip but we came to eat not to be seen stuffing our faces and loosening our belts. 

Appetizer: Ordered the chicken liver pate as it was suggested by the waiter but they accidentally served us the country pate. Well, we accidentally ate 3/4 of it before the waiter noticed and replaced it for the correct one. (YAY, since we got to try both for free!!!) 

French onion soup - Wow, this is meant for sharing!!
1 1/2 ft Baguette - love warm bread
NY Steak w/handcut fries - perfectly cooked medium rare as I requested. I should mention that my plate looked like I ordered fries w/ a side of steak. I don't think anyone at our table finished the fries!

Steak was good and the pate was good but not exceptional that I would rave on and on about. But if you want a decent meal for a good price then this is the spot. 3.5 stars from me.Ambiance is very nice and they have a great selection of French wines that most of us don't usually have.  The service was good.  So why the three stars?  The food was somewhat of a disappointment.  I ordered the steak with Bearnaise sauce.  The sauce was to die for, but for the price, they serve the steak very, very thin.  Very thin.  And the frites (fries) were cold and dried out tasting.  They added nothing to the meal.  We also ordered a side of sauteed mushrooms which were cold and way under seasoned.  I'd been to this restaurant many years ago, and I remember it being better quality.  We'll probably skip this place next time we are at the Paris for a show.I give this a 2 star for the view of the fountains. My Mom and I were looking for a nice place to have dinner before a show, we sat outside and that was great, that's all that was great. The service was slow and the staff rude. The food, for a $100 bill was disappointing, very very disappointing. My Mom's steak was so thin you could see right through it and had NO flavor. I had the fish and chips and again, the fish looked like they took a mallet to it, it was as flat as a pancake. Save your money and pass by, don't be drawn in by the patio dining like we were!Totally overrated place. Food is mediocre, service  is slow (yes, even for a French restaurant), ambience isn't all that. Drinks, food, dessert all came out of sync. Just bad overall.We decided to wrap up our trip with brunch on the patio at Mon Ami. We were a bit annoyed to be informed that it was "company policy" that out of state drivers licenses did not qualify as adequate form of ID, I decided not to get a mimosa (your loss, not mine). I had the brie and chicken sandwich, which was good but nothing too amazing. 

We've been here for dinner, and the dining experience (food and service) are literally night and day. With so many options on The Strip, you'd think restaurants would up their game to keep customers happy. I think I'd pass if the opportunity came up to come back to Mon Ami.Was not at all impressed, and when it comes to restaurants I'm pretty easy going. The first turnoff was a constant snorting sound (maybe clearing phlegm??) that I kept hearing. I thought it might have been a patron, but soon realized it was the employee that refills the drinks/busboy. It was constant and lasted throughout our stay. I'm surprised they would allow their employee to walk around like this at this type of restaurant. Now our waitress...she seemed very unfamiliar with the menu, even though it was only one page. When she realized we were not ordering dessert, she said "really, that's it?", and had an attitude. 

The food...the bread was good, but that's hard to mess up. I ordered the Classique Steak, which was not tender at all, and stringy when trying to cut. No bueno. The crab cake was very good, as were the frites. Mac and cheese, eh, pretty decent I suppose. 

Bottom line, this food and service was not at all worth the price! There are way too many great restaurants in Las Vegas to ever try this place again.Where to begin? First the front of the house was one of the most rude individuals I've ever come across in the restaurant industry. The restaurant was extremely crowded. Looks like the restaurant would trade more tables for customer comfort.

Our server seemed overwhelmed. The steak was sub par for the price and the fries were luke warm and salty. Not great. I would go here only if the price was dropped about $10 a plate. Don't order the baked goat cheese unless you like a lot of tomato sauce. 

My advice? Utilize space better and get the buskers off the front of the restaurant.A really solid place and establishment. I gave it my best shot and ordered their most french offerings. I ordered their mouse pat'e, mussels, croquet madam, escargot, and not so french poutin. Solid flavor profiles and dishes are surprisingly cheap given the location and specialty offerings. Will i be back? Sure. Ut for sure RESERVATION is a must.My girlfriend and I were very excited to try Mon Ami Gabi for dinner as part of a mini-staycation.  We had a comped night at Bally's, and I've been meaning to try Mon Ami Gabi since moving here 2.5 years ago.  Unfortunately, we didn't have the great experience that I've heard many other people rave about.

First, the positives...our seat out on the patio overlooking the Strip had an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains.  Even as locals, we enjoyed this view.  Our server was fantastic, very engaging, and had great knowledge of the menu.  He also recommended the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer, which was absolutely delicious.

We both ordered Steak Frites, which unfortunately did not live up to expectations.  My girlfriend ordered the Hanger Steak, and we both agreed that it was tough.  Not just a little tough, but really just not edible.  Our server and the manager did the right thing and replaced it with a filet mignon at no additional charge, which was delicous.  I got the signature steak - the sirloin.  The sirloin was thinner on the edges and thicker in the middle.  The edges were delicious, but the middle was chewy and tough.  I'm not sure if the steak was poorly butchered, or should have been cooked differently, but either way, it was not well-prepared.  By that time, we had already sent one steak back, and I had eaten some of mine before realizing the problem, so I did not send mine back.

Not sure if we caught the restaurant on an off day - maybe a cook called in sick, or they got an order of lower quality meat, but we did not get to have the Mon Ami Gabi experience.  We were disappointed that Mon Ami Gabi did not live up to it's reputation.  We're torn between trying it again because many locals we know love it, or checking out one of the many other steakhouses on the Strip.Do not come here for breakfast. The waffles were overcooked; they were crunchy. The quiche was okay. It was seers with some greens but I wouldn't call it a salad because there was no dressing. I would not return here for breakfast. Great view of Bellagio though.Man we REALLYYYY wanted to try the breakfast/brunch here. Too bad we didn't realize that brunch is only weekends and breakfast ends at like 11am. Oh well, our fault for being lazy and slow to rise. Lunch will be good too right...?

Oh we were so wrong. First look at the menu and we were seriously thinking about going somewhere else because nothing sounded amazingly appealing. Plus we didn't want to order the steak and frites cuz we are broke. After many minutes of contemplating going somewhere else the bread and water came so we felt we were obligated to stay.

The bread is divine and little did we know it would be our only sustenance for almost the next hour. It took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive after we ordered. We can only speculate at what happened but likely most of our dishes were finished and they messed up or were just waiting on one. So they were likely sitting under a heat lamp for quite a while.

The burger was ordered medium rare and came out medium well. It came with the added bacon but they forgot the egg. The fries were limp and forgettable entirely.

The chicken and brie sandwich was light and refreshing with the thinly sliced apples adding a nice tart flavor and crisp texture along with the tender chicken. 

The chicken and mushroom crepe had minimal kale and too much mushroom. I'm not exactly sure what kind of mushrooms they were (maybe chantelles) but they were exceedingly chewy. The crepe was overdone and toasty and it's contents were luke warm. 

Our server was nice enough to comp us dessert which was much better than the entrees. Overall the dining experience here seemed to reaffirm my general sentiment of most Vegas restaurants. They are overpriced and the food is entirely mediocre...

I sure hope brunch is better.We came here for Sunday brunch on the first day of our Vegas trip.  We arrived around 11am after checking into our hotel.  We were starving and craving a nice breakfast.  However, we were sad to learn that unlike other restaurants we were used too, they weren't serving their usual breakfast menu at that time.  They had maybe 5 items on their brunch menu and the rest was off their lunch menu.  I specifically asked the waiter if any other breakfast items were available, but he was unaccomodating.  It was especially dissapointing because the table right next to us were able to order breakfast and they received their food less than 10 minutes before us. As for the food, my boyfriend ordered the waffle with fresh strawberries and whip cream.  It was $15 for ONE waffle that could have came out of a box.  The whip cream that everyone raves about was just meh!  But I must admit that I'm not a huge fan of whip cream in general (waste of calories for something that doesn't even taste that good).  I ordered the quiche which was ok but very rich.  You can definitely taste all the butter and cream they put in it.  It was more of a custard consistency than I'm used to though.  As for the service, our waiter basically sucked and seemed to have airs about him.  He spent most of the time talking in the corner with his friends.  My coffee was never refilled and it took us forever to get our check.  Then it took at least another 10-15 minutes for him to pick it up so he can run our credit card.  We don't usually ask much of our waiters and usually tip very well.  But this was rediculous!  He failed to realize that every minute of his inattentiveness was decreasing his tip.  But maybe the service is better on the outside patio.  We were just too hungry to wait for a table there.  It was immediate seating inside.  Still, a huge dissapointment all around.  Definitely not worth it when there are so many other places to eat on the strip.We visited this restaurant roughly 10 months ago. I'm catching up on my Yelp reviews. What stays with me the most even after all this time is that I found a food label in my hanger steak. It really is a shame since before that I was really enjoying my meal. For the trouble they did throw in a free dessert which I enclosed a picture of. Our poor waiter didn't know what to even say when I showed him the label. After something like that I will never go back since it makes me question the quality control that goes on in the kitchen and that is not something I wish to question in a place that I eat.3.5 stars.  3 stars really, but the frites gave it an extra .5 stars.

I decided to book Mon Ami Gabi on open table after reading yelp - I really wanted the Patio seating. Not to mention that a month ago or so, Christine T. sent me some suggestions on where to have our 2 year anniv dinner  (my db is her BIL),  some of the suggestions were French Bistro/Steakhouses (i.e. Clementine in SF, etc). Instead of celebrating our 2 yr in SF, my bf took me to Las Vegas. 

We had 7PM reservations and we were seated immediately (It was really windy out and I decided to skip the patio seating). However, i wasn't very happy where we were seated. We were in the bar section in a little itsy bitsy corner table. I was very uncomfortable sitting there! I felt the table size was perfect for happy hour and appetizers, but not for a full dinner.  I complained a little bit to my db "Are you sure you want to sit here?"  - repeat that at least 3x.  He's not much of a complainer, so he said our table was fine.  I really couldn't understand why we were seated in this ITSY bitsy table,  when there were TONS of empty tables..even in the main dining room!  Did I mention my feet were all retarded cuz I couldn't sit straight? I had my feet over to the side, but I sucked it up.  Did I mention we were seated really close to the other table? I felt like we made the 2 gentlemen next to us a little uncomfortable. They probably thought the same thing "Why did they seat this couple over here - there are tons of empty tables!"

We ordered crab cakes to share - I just found it OK. I still prefer the crabcakes at Kincaids - may be I'm just used to them, but the portion was generous - I give them that.  

I ordered the Filet Mignon with red wine sauce. I thought the sauce was delicious, but I was a little disappointed with my filet. I had ordered it medium rare, yet it came crunchy on the outside (Is it supposed to be like that?) At other steak places, my filet cuts like butter, this one I had to put some effort - again, is it supposed to be like that? The frites were yummalcious!! My bf couldn't stop saying how much he loved them. LOL   

My db ordered the steak with blue cheese and he did question it a few times, "Is this over cooked? This doesn't look medium rare?" Nonetheless, he ate it all. But, he's known to do that.  :)

I decided to skip the wine since we've been up since 4am and we had a 1030P O show to watch. I didn't want to fall asleep. LOL.

Service was excellent and attentive, prices were reasonable for a steakhouse.  Not sure if I'll be running back soon - there are TONS of other restaurants to try out in Vegas.First had reservations and still had to wait 30 minutes to sit outside, so even if you have reservations get to this place early so you can wait to sit outside. It's worth sitting outside alone. The service was ok, asked for more Garlic bread for the baked goat cheese and it never came, which isn't a really big deal. The steak that I got was TERRIBLE! Asked the chef to get it medium rare and i got pretty much a seared steak and It tasted TERRIBLE!!!! It was easily the worst steak I've ever had. Go somewhere else if you want a steak, believe me you can find a better one. And then they tried to save face by giving a free dessert, but at that point I just wanted to get out of there. And as a local Las Vegas restaurant I will be telling my friends to stay away for all events. and this is not the first time I've been here, I've been here previously and thought it was excellent. I WILL NOT be going to this place ever again and I will tell all my friends no to go here.we heard great reviews and thought it was an upscale restaurant.. but sadly when we walked in it seemed like a cafe.  nonetheless we ordered our food and it wasnt anything o write home about.  steak with Gorgonzola meh.  nothing exciting.Interesting stop on my visit I really enjoyed the atmosphere I enjoyed the unique needs of the business and I really enjoyed going there I brought a group group of people the people or businesses associates will have a really good timeWell first off, walking up and seeing an exorbitant line gave me the idea that the place was some awesome steak house. Boy was I wrong... 
Came here with the parents and sat down a little bit after our reservation time, no big deal. The server Martan(?) was alright as he recommended a good wine for the table. Anyways, the hot baguette and pickled carrots were an alright starter. Then came the appetizer; the baked cheese (don't ask why the father thought it would be good). The baked cheese tasted more like a bowl of spaghetti o's sauce accompanied by a piece of pesto covered bread, ick. 
     Then came the entrees; I ordered the steak bordelaise which came with scrapped french fries which were probably the best part of my experience at mon ami gabi. The first couple bites of my steak were alright, as i ordered it medium, expecting it to be as so throughout, boy was I wrong (again). 2 bites through, I started noticing it was nearly impossible to cut through the steak, much less chew it, without feeling like it was about to fly away off the plate at 100 miles per hour. What I was left with was a mangled piece of tendon, and 2 half chewed rubbery pieces of meat that I couldnt muster up the courage to swallow. Bottom line, this place charges above average prices for below average food, but if you like good bread and french fries, come here I guess. You wont see me here again... for 60 bucks a head I'll wait to head to L'entrecote when I'm in London next.Very disappointed! This used to be a favorite restaurant of ours. However, we just dined there last night. My husband is on very restricted diet and avoids carbs and/ or sugar. He ordered steak and salad which we dressed with vinegar and oil to avoid any hidden sugars in their prepared dressing. We asked that the steak not be prepared with any flavorings or sauces on it. This morning his sugar level, which has been consistent for weeks now, soared almost 30 points. I think that, in spite of our carefulness, the steak must have had some kind of sugar in the flavoring. I realize that there is a reason sugar diabetes is rampant in our country because it is so darn difficult to avoid unnecessary sugar in your food when you eat out or buy prepared food of any sort. Unfortunately. This restaurant is now "Off our List!" It's a shame.To be clear this rating is based on Breakfast and Lunch, not dinner.

We had a pretty good breakfast here with all the ingredients appearing to be fresh and well cooked. The bread is just delicious and does remind you of genuine French baguettes which have such a unique taste and texture. 

Lunch was less than perfect. I chose Moules Marinieres which is one of my favorite lunch dishes (especially when served with real frites!). However Mon Ami Gabi fell short. The broth was way too creamy and while the mussels were decent you just couldn't get past the fact that a pretty basic dish had been executed poorly. The frites were also not great, they were in between chips and frites and that's not what you need when you order a classic item like MM. I imagine people who ordered Steak Frites on the bistro style lunch menu would be similarly disappointed.

Unlikely I would try dinner here with Bouchon and Daniel Boulud in town.Quite frankly the Eggs Florentine were disgusting. Runny eggs with no texture slopped over what could have been a great crisp English muffin. The hash fries that came with it were super greasy. 
The hubby had apple crepe with chicken & brie-this was good. 
The servers are friendly and courteous but please don't give me the check before I ask for it. You have no idea if I was finished or wanted to order anything else.
Bottomline-Eggs Florentine not worth the $14.95 -the food is sub par.I really wanted to like this French bistro but it didn't live up to all the great Yelp reviews. Sometimes Yelp let's me down.

We arrived here for lunch without reservations. The hostess offered either an one hour wait for the outside seating or no wait for dining inside. It's a no brainer, we will dine inside to satisfy out cravings for some fine French cuisine. The highlight of MAG is the authentic French bistro setting. You feel like you are dining in the middle of Paris. 

The service was just average at best. Our waiter was very nonchalant  and seem to be a little impatient when we asked questions about the menu. The lowlight of the MAG dining experience was when the server pretty much threw the creme brûlée on the table. Seriously, is this the stereotyped rude French attitude that is expected? I guess I got a taste of the real French experience in terms of service.

I ordered the steak classique with maître d'hôtel butter sauce. I found the steak to be really dry and tough to chew. The herb butter sauce was good but it couldn't mask the very thinly dryed out piece of steak. However, I tried out a piece of the filet mignon with butter red wine reduction sauce and it was excellent. The wine reduction was amazing and the filet mignon was very tender as expected.

Overall, the view from the patio is unbeatable sitting across the Bellagio fountains if you are willing to wait for it. But, the service and steak frites were disappointing. I'm willing to try their brunch menu next time when I come back to Vegas. Although, I'm incline to try out the competition, Bouchon.Went on a Tuesday, place is nice and wait wasn't long at all. Waitress was a little slow and could have been more attentive. I ordered the Croissant egg sandwich it was okay. I also had the Blueberry French toast which are the bomb with their homemade whip cream. Cappuccino was really good but they don't really serve you much. Overall, pretty good but can't hold a match to the Pantry at the Mirage.I think this place is being exagerated. The service is fast but unfriendly. The breeads were not fresh. Waste of money :(Really lackluster experience here. Upon entering, we were met by bored employees chatting with each other. One finally noticed us and guided us to our table. Seated, we were able to look around and check out the place. The place does the brasserie look pretty well, but is marred by music which has no relevance to the decor and menu.

Service is just okay and the food was sloppily prepared. My skate wing was barely pan sautéed (basically white with very little browning) and just past raw. Our salads were uninspired. 

While in the same category as Bouchon, it is compares poorly in every way. Head to the Venetian and go with Bouchon.This place would get two stars if it wasn't for it's great location and view of the Bellagio Fountain. 

I was in town for a real estate seminar and my business partner, his wife, and I decided to dine here. 

Positives:
1. Prices are very reasonable for being on the strip.
2. If you're seated outside for dinner, you have a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.
3. Dimly lit and romantic setting.

Negatives:
1. My iced tea was not refilled for 20-30 minutes. The staff is seemed so busy and the service wasn't that great.
2. My medium rare steak was very thin and overcooked. I don't get how they can cook a very thin steak medium rare...I was expecting better tasting and thicker.
3. It's very loud inside. 

Tips: Use Open Table and make reservations the day before or you'll wait 45+ minutes.The only reason I rated this "average" is because there was very little to choose from for vegetarian options. I decided on a mushroom risotto dish that was good, but it would have been great to have more choices. The only reason we went here is because we were given a gift card to go, so of course we were going to use it. The inside of the restaurant is very nice--it certainly doesn't feel like you're in Vegas. The service was prompt, our reservation through Open Table was quickly honored (first time using it so I was a bit nervous it'd get lost), and we were treated very well indeed. 

If you're a seafood lover, you'd be in heaven. If you're a veghead, not so much, but at least stop in for a drink.Just a quick review.  The service was excellent, the wait was short (no reservations for a party of 8). The atmosphere was a bit dark (had it been dark outside the dimness of our table would have been ok).  I had the skate fish my brother in law had the seafood combo, my sister had the pate plate, and my nieces had mussels and salad. I also had the french onion soup. My skate fish was ok (thin and firmer than I had expected) but my brother in-laws dish was superb. The mussels were also really good.  It was nicer than expected considering it was in a tourist area.I don't understand the hype about this place - everyone was recommending that I check out Mon Ami Gabi. It's decent but not spectacular. 

I had breakfast on the outdoor patio. Please note that they do not take reservations on the patio so be prepared to wait. The hostesses were a bit snotty but my server was nice. I had the quiche Lorraine, which was good, but the coffee was not good. Actually, the coffee was really terrible. I've had better coffee at fast food restaurants.The Skinny: better for dinner than lunch or brunch (3), service: solid but nothing special (3), value: overpriced given the location but not a terrible spot for dinner and a view of the Bellagio fountains (3).

The hubs and I come here every once in a while as a part of the Lettuce Entertain You club member. Every year, they send birthday gift certificates and discounts off meals at their restaurants in town (El Segundo, Strip burger, Joe's Stone Crab, Mon Ami Gabi, Eiffel Tower restaurant) during the summer months.

We've used the coupon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Of the three meals, I give the edge to dinner in terms of value. First things first though - use Opentable to make reservations. Given the location and moderate Strip price point (although kind of pricey still), Mon Ami Gabi can be hopping depending on which day you decide to come.

As always, they start you off with a warm baguette and whipped butter which you can definitely fill up on. They also serve a small amount of vegetable salad during dinner - once it was an apple/radish dish, another it was a carrot salad.

I must admit, I am kind of boring when I come here to eat and rarely deviate from my routine. I am not usually this bad but this is because in terms of portion size (they tend to be skimpy on serving sizes here)/price point and yum factor, this dish is probably your best bet. I usually get the Chicken Grand-Mere which is a half roasted cornish hen, sauteed mushrooms and lardons, with mashed potatoes for $23.95. The chicken skin a perfectly crispy while the meat is tender and moist. The mushrooms with lardons are a nice combination which goes well with the buttery mashed potatoes. Standard fare but executed well.

The hubs will either usually get the skate wing or the special of the day which rotates based on the day of the week. The skate wing is truly delicious for $25.95 - if you haven't had it, you should try it.

Our last venture, he had the Friday special which is dover sole lightly pan fried in butter with slightly wilted spinach and roasted potatoes. The dover sole was very good albeit areas were a bit over salted. The spinach was okay. The roasted potatoes were delicious and sported a nice crispy exterior.

We also came on a Sunday where he ordered the beef wellington special. The beef wellington was okay in my books - the puff pastry didn't really hold up to the moisture of the meat and mushroom duxelle. As well, the meat was a bit overdone from what he had ordered (medium rare was made to medium... this is the tough part about ordering beef wellington).

To be honest, we normally do not go for the steak frites mostly because I am not a fan of their frites (more of a potato chip texture than fries per se) and from the looks of other table's dishes, the portion sizes of the steak are small.

Overall, if you are coming for a view of the Bellagio fountains, this is an inexpensive way to have dinner with a view at reasonable prices for the Strip. The food is okay and portion sizes are a bit smaller than what you'd expect for the price. Dinner is definitely more reasonable than lunch or breakfast in terms of value and execution.If I could give it ZERO stars I would.

I have dined here numerous times and clearly liked it to return each time.  However, the last time was just that, the LAST TIME.  The service was appalling.  My guest was not feeling well and upon telling two waitresses this, the bottle of water and bread arrived 15 minutes later...We were ready to order as we knew it would take quite a while given the restaurant was filling up...but our waitress was clearly more excited about having 5 men to serve because they were seated a good 10 minutes after us, however they had their wine order taken, wine poured and food orders taken while we were still waiting to be noticed!!  I asked one waitress for the check and told her I'd like to pay for my bottle of water and why I was leaving.  She told our waitress who clearly shooed her away and scoffed. I informed the manager who very obviously should NOT be holding the position he is as his response to me was "Well, then leave!" quite loudly....oh, but that was after he charged me the $7.50 for the bottle of water.  WOW - customer service 101.  

Last time I checked...I'm one of the people PAYING TO EAT THERE and the STAFF are the folks BEING PAID TO WORK THERE...Good thing I have a choice where I can spend my $$.  

Pathetic.Solid 3 star place. Not a 4 star. Food is average and not fresh/organic that you'd expect in a 4 star place. Not coming back.

There is one value to this place. You can sit on the patio and watch the fountain show.3.5 stars

I ordered a cup of onion soup and the Salmon and my boyfriend ordered the steak with bordelaise sauce. The portions were very big but the food itself was not amazing. It reminded me of typical food you could get from a chain restaurant, but it was in no way bad. I love how the restaurant is right in front of the Bellagio hotel so you get a great view of the water show every 15 minutes. The restaurant is also very dimly lit and romantic. The .5 stars off was mainly for the slow service.Over-rated. Very over-rated. When I look at the prices of the menu and the location of the restaurant, which is right in front of the fountains of the Bellagio, I can't believe how sloppy the service is. Here is a quick list.

- When we first sat down we kindly asked the waitress if she could swipe the table very quickly as it was a little sandy. To our request she showed how annoyed she was by rolling up her eyes and dropping her arms. I couldn't believe it.
- Then when our paté arrived, another server dropped a piece of toast on the floor, he looked at it, and then just served the plate with a missing toast, without bringing another one to the table despite our requests.
- I don't recall seeing our server refilling our glasses often, we usually had to ask for it after a long wait.
- When it came to splitting the bill, she double asked if we were sure that we wanted to split the bill... as if it was so hard..
- Not mentioning how many times we had to ask for bread again before it finally gets to the table.

I leave 3 stars because around the table the opinions were different. Those who got quiche confirmed that it wasn't good at all, other mentioned how the steak was delicious for that price.

I personally got the escargots as well as both the paté de campagne & the other paté. Both tasted fine, nothing special to it. However the escargots were a little too salty, but it was appreciated to have double portions in some of the plates.

If you seat outside you can perfectly admire the fountain at the Bellagio and enjoy the little birds coming to you begging for a piece of bread.
The food is alright, but the service is unacceptable for such a place.This place was ok...food a little salty...

the chocolate mousse was great...

and at $17 for the escargot, you get only 5 (unless one is missing)

The prices was slightly high for the quality of food.  I had much better.My go to place to bring out of towners when I have to go to the strip. For a strip outlet, it's a solid four stars but unsure if I'd be as wow'ed if in a local part of town. The country pate is good as well as the wine selection. 

On my last visit had the scallops. Would give them a miss. The side of liquid squash did no favors and felt like I was eating baby food. My friend's steak was ok, just ok.Gatsby-esque dining by the pavilion area. Hmm, Chocolate-Hazelnut Waffle, Eggs Florentine, Lemon Pancakes or Quiche Lorraine? Options like these, it had my foodie mojo pumped. But the high wore off into a malaise as I got into the second hour. But is it the restaurant's fault, or my wife's?

We finished our breakfast, but as implied, my wife wanted more. Could the Brioche be better at the "Paris Las Vegas" than it is back home? Verdict: Brioche really not that good, really didn't melt in my mouth like really fluffy versions of it do. Not nearly good as good as Los Angeles or San Francisco standards. Plus, because of my wife, I had to wait 40 extra minutes for order, eat and exit. Drove me nuts. Is there a wisdom to be gained here? Such as: Don't let wife order extra meal. I dunno, I'm so over "Paris." But put on "Funny Face" (1957) with Audrey Hepburn on my DVD and I'm enchanted with life all over again. #crabbywhiteguyIt was alright. The service was ok and the steak was a little too cooked after I ordered it to be medium rare.Second time we dined here. First time was excellent. Food was perfect. This time we each ordered filet mignons but was disappointed in quality. It was tough. For $38 bucks guess you get what you pay for.I brought my 9 year old niece visiting from Florida who aspires to be a French chef and travel to Paris someday. It was evident we were struggling with an order for the child and at no time was a children's menu offered so I ended up ordering a salad, two sides and a basic classique steak.  She did not care for the salad bc she is young and the vinaigrette dressing was so strong (I loved it) so I got online to look for a restaurant that would cater to children better.  I ended up seeing on google the children's menu for mon ami. Really? Why on earth wouldn't you OFFER the menu when I'm sitting with a 9 yr old and I was asking twenty questions about seasoning etc to make the meal kid friendly. The bill was $80 and I could have had a better experience at Outback. The waitress was too busy with the larger parties to give us the service we deserved. I'm a local and mom ami used to be my favorite date spot or special lunch and I am sorely disappointed. I ended up asking for the children's menu options which my niece was pleased with but this was far too difficult for such a pricey meal my niece was so excited I was disappointed.  Pass on eating here again.Since the high rating, we chose this place as the first meal after a long drive to Las Vegas. However, we had very terrible experience here. I will never come back again. 
The MOST HORRIBLE SERVICE that I have seen. The server ignored us twice when we are talking to him. Threw the dishes instead of placing them on the table. Never came to add more water and i couldn't have them to do so since they always ignored us. However, it was interesting that they could always saw the tables behind and next us and knew what they needed. The worst restaurant that I will never ever come back again.I don't know why it gets many 5 stars review, but the food is really disappointing in quality. Also, it's too heavy. Or, I just have high expectations for food in general. Btw, there's no honey offered either.Came here for dinner with my boyfriend the last night of our trip. I chose this restaurant over Sugar Factory because I was really craving a steak. 

We were seated right away, inside. But they took us to a table right next to the patio, so we could see the Bellagio fountains. I ordered the mushroom soup to start off with. It was really good, especially dipping the bread in it! I ordered the hanger steak medium. My boyfriend ordered some sort of fish. He realized that he had made a mistake when he did that. Nevada is a desert, nowhere is there an ocean. Therefore, the fish wasn't as fresh as he would have liked it to be (we're from the San Francisco Bay Area, fresh fish caught and served to you at restaurants there). 

I'm a huge fan of the frites and my steak tasted really good, so I don't have much to complain about. The only thing was that our waiter seemed a little...stuck up. I don't know if that was supposed to go along with the theme of the restaurant or what, but he just seemed as if we weren't good enough to be dining at that restaurant. I don't know, it was weird.not worth
seafood crepe has no seafood inside
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
20 bucks?
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwMy cousin loves this place so we came here and it was just okay for me. The baguette they give you is delicious. The pickled veggies with it is is super unusual. Steaks are okay. Nothing spectacular. Order one less than what you want. If you.want medium, ask for medium rare. The filet is prob the best buy here. Sauce is amazing. My friend got the French onion soup and it was super sweet. She didn't eat it. The waitress took it off the bill. Wear a sweater if you sit inside. It gets cold.Took my family to lunch today, I have been here several times and have enjoyed the experience, unfortunately not today.  We arrived about 2:30 and we were escorted to the dining area facing the strip- this is where I usually sit as you can watch the water show at Bellagio from the dining room.  The staff member walked us to a table, there was five of us and then proceeded to take us to another room.  I asked her why we were not seated at the first table and she said she made a mistake. There were several available tables.  I asked for the manager who quickly resolved the issue.  Our server and person filling the water glasses were excellent.  We ordered steamed mussels for an appetizer and they were luke warm. My son ordered steak frites medium rare, and received a well done steak.  For a restaurant that calls itself a steakhouse, they should be embarrassed.  Mon Ami should be a bench mark for French Bistro cuisine but today they failed.  I should be able to give them five stars at anytime but today they are lucky to receive two.French Steakhouse at Paris hotel with a view of the Bellagio water show? Sounded like a perfect dinner date! Unfortunately the only appeal to this place is the location, which is absolutely amazing being able to sit through the water shows every 15 min during dinner. The food? Not so much.

We received french bread and butter to start, just standard hard bread, not warm at all. 
As an appetizer we had the Escargot, pretty good but only because it was heavily drenched in butter and a pesto that made eating snails tolerable.
We also shared a French Onion Soup -- served in a nice deep "pot" of a bowl, good for 2 people. Looked tasty, but was somewhat bland. The broth had no bite to it whatsoever, no hint of Sherry, just tasted like normal beef broth with plain onions.. note: onions were not caramelized. Very subpar as far as French Onion Soups are concerned.
The main course sounded so delish. I ordered the Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onions and red wine sauce) while the BF had the Steak au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce). I ended up liking the flavor of the Bordelaise much better, although both steaks were quite large and thin.. I don't know if French steaks are usually like this but it wasn't enjoyable whatsoever. Even a McDonald's burger patty is thicker than these steaks.. no joke. The pommes frites served with them are very reminiscent of potato chips.. not sure if all pommes frites are like this but they were just okay. $24 per plate? please.

The bill came out to $82.. without drinks. I think their strategy is to have their guests mesmerized watching the water show and not care so much about the quality of food. Sorry, but, we noticed.

Overall:
Location - 5 stars
Food - 2 stars
= 3 stars
and prices are a rip, even though this is Vegas, an $80 dinner can buy you way better stuff than this.So disappointing. Good food but the waitress was clearly annoyed that she had to work that night..we had to ask for everything more than once .. But then she was pleasant when she gave us the bill.  So many more fun interesting and "wonderful service" restaurants in Las Vegas .. For $100 appetizer drink and main plate not worth the experience ..The bartender at the bar was such a jerk. He knew I couldn't read through his beer menu. He threated me like an idiot when  I asked for a beer. He told me that they don't served Miller or Bud DRAFT. But that I could look through his menu which he claims was not avavvThis is my second time coming here. My first experience was good and everything was yummy, though I came for brunch so maybe its different. This time I came with my family for dinner and the food was mediocre but what really got me was the service, or should I say the server. I felt like she stereotyped us from the moment we sat down. She came by and took our orders, afterwards she never really returned to check up on us. We asked for medium +1 but we received a rare steak, we had to flag her down to get it corrected. At the end of the meal she didn't ask if we wanted dessert or anything but rather just dropped off the check and told us gratuity was already included. I guess for a party of 5 they include gratuity already. I was over this place by then, so we just paid the bill and left. I won't be coming back anymore.I ate the quiche, potato soup, steak, and burger, and their famous frittes however you spell it.  Everything was alright.  The frittes fries were ok.  They were pretty greasy/oily and crunchy.  It felt like we got the bottom on the fried stacked.  We had an order of it in our meal along with a side, this is why I tasted a difference; not cool.  Our waiter sucked.  He brought us an extra side of ketchup per my friend's request.  I didn't know she already asked him that so I told the waiter to bring 3 more or to bring a bottle.  He said they don't have bottles and laughed.  I wasn't kidding because I love ketchup.  He said he'd bring it but never did.  Then I asked this other worker to bring it.  He was the guy who filled our water cups.  He said he'd bring it, but never did.  Finally I saw another waiter and asked him and he brought one..booo.
The place is alright...This was a fun spot for a meal with a couple of colleagues when we were out in Las Vegas. we had reservations and were seated right as we arrived. It was a cool evening, so I was thankful that we had a table indoors, but it looked like the patio had lovely views of the Bellagio fountain {it was heated}. 

We all started with a glass of wine or a cocktail & I opted for some sort of peach martini... It was delish, albeit a bit stout :-) Next, the bread - not nearly as tasty as the French loaf at Bouchon, but fine - pretty standard. 

A number of us ordered the Steak Frite, although two of us opted for filets, over the flat steak that comes with the dish. They're are a number of amazing-sounding topping options... anything from a shallot butter to a holaindase sauce and blu cheese topping, but I went for the Dijon sauce = a sure winner!

One thing I wasn't totally crazy about were the frites. The first few were yummy, but overall they were more like thick potato chips, as opposed to French fried potatoes... I think my tastebuds were wishing for something softer, fluffier; if we went back, I'd sub the frites for the whipped potatoes, always a favorite of mine! 

A few of our dining partners ordered the fish of the day & simply raved about it! I think we all left after a fun, rich meal very full & happy :-)The food was is the 3.5-4* range (and come hungry, because there is a lot of it), but I'm docking you major marks for some seriously bad service. We were super rushed and the attitude from our waiter was a pain (look if you can't even fake a smile, maybe you should go home). By the end we were happy to get out of there. Too bad, because I loved my scallops and I liked the french onion soup even it was too heavy on the gruyere (hint: layer of cheese on the top, not 50% by volume).This is a very nice experience.  It's a great, elegant French cafe atmosphere.  The food is very good, including freshly baked bread and a great wine selection.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The outdoor seating is very nice and has excellent views -- including of the Fountains of Bellagio -- but remember that you're sitting right on a main, heavily trafficked 6-lane road, with all the noise and pollution that comes with that.  (While the inside is beautiful, on a great day I'd still sit outside again though.)I made reservations for a party 6 of my really good friends. I volunteered and left the pressure of picking a restaurant up to me so I really hoped my friends would enjoy the whole experience. We were seated promptly and had the pleasure of Francois serving us. Their special feature of the day was dover sole. My first experience with dover sole was at a restaurant in Sedona, AZ and it was amazing. I decided to order the fish and convinced my friend to order it as well. Big mistake....when I used my fork to cut the fish it barely would tear apart. Had to force the fork back and forth to break it apart and the bites were not tender. Im assuming this means the fish was overcooked. The fish was advertised as deboned but I found 5 bones, accidentally swallowing one. I looked over to my friend hoping that my recommendation left her satisfied but sadly she had the same experience, though she didn't find any bones in hers. I am happy to say that everyone else in our party enjoyed their meal, though Im rating this on my own experience. I could have complained or spoken up about the fish but I didn't feel like it. We were all enjoying ourselves and I didn't want to put any bit of damper on our good night.I've dined here before and really appreciate the ambiance.  The outdoor patio is a great place to people watch. The interior screams french bistro. Well, I haven't been to a restaurant in France, so it's just what I would interpret as a french bistro. Overall, I averaged my experience to an A-OK review.

Saturday brunch review:
Was in town for my friend's bachelorette party and had reservations for 22 people. Yup, you heard me.. 22. Our server kicked butt and was oh so nice. I felt like the wait staff did everything to make us happy. The food was another story. I can't blame one particular person because making food for a large party is tough, but I left a bit disappointed with how much I paid.

Steak and eggs: I ordered MR and it came out well done. Thank goodness it wasn't dry and hard. The seasoning made up for it :) The eggs were perfectly scrambled. All in all, the food was only okay flavor wise but it was cold. I think everyone had cold food because again, feeding a large party at once is tough!

Frites: Substituted the hash browns for fries because I've had them before and it was good. This time around, they were crispy, yummy, but cold.

Bloody Mary Bar: If you like em, they have a little bar where you can garnish it with whatever your heart desires.It has been a long time since I last visited Mon Ami Gabi (probably 2 years), but it popped up on my "have you been to..." suggestions, so I'll review it! The absolute best thing about the restaurant is its location. The Paris got really lucky when the Bellagio opened and built beautiful fountains out front - now many of their restaurants (like Mon Ami Gabi and the Eiffel Tower Restaurant) have a phenomenal view. Be sure to request a table on the patio where you can see the fountain show...it's definitely worth waiting for, and you can drink at the bar while you wait!

I give this restaurant three stars because I remember feeling underwhelmed by the food. Everything was tasty, but for a restaurant in a prime location at the strip, you usually expect something special. I had a New York strip, their fries, and we shared a bunch of appetizers that I honestly can't remember anymore. It was a fun experience and perfectly fine food...I would go back happily (but probably wouldn't be the one suggesting it).I ordered the eggs florentine, and I thought it was okay. I thought the hollandaise sauce tasted off and the entire dish was too sour. The side potatoes were pretty good though. My girlfriend thought her seafood crepe was average, but the scallops were overcooked. 

Some old lady at a different table decided she wanted to feed the birds and started throwing her bread toward me so the birds started flocking toward me. I asked her to throw the bread in a different direction. If you are going to feed birds at a restaurant (which you shouldn't), at least throw the bread crumbs around your own table. 

There are a couple of these around Chicago, so we probably could have skipped this place.Egg cheese and bacon crepe was delicious. My quiche Lorraine was disgusting. I barely touched it, and after my friend finished sharing her meal with me, I told the waiter and he looks at me and is like oh? Do you want me to tell the manager or are you ok with it? Dude, of course I want you to fix it! Did he think I was just conversationally complaining?? Lame on his part. It works out and they take it off the check and he gets a good tip, but I thought he should have responded better. Setting was great. Patio is beautiful when the weather is right and the strip isn't packed. 7am was a good peaceful time. So minus a star for disgusting dry quiche, and another for subpar service.I would only come back here for the French onion soup wich was a big portion and not too salty.  I love Mac n Cheese and is always a must order, but not from here it tasted like something from out of a box.  The ambiance was nice and the patio next to the outdoor seating is a nice place to have lunch.  Cant say nothing else for the food it was just eehh.After reading the reviews for this place, I was a bit disappointed after my experience from dining here. Came here on a Friday at around 11:30AM during the 4th of July weekend and surprisingly the place was not packed so we got seated right away.

Ambience - 4/5 stars. Restaurant is located at the Paris hotel. They offer the option of sitting at the balcony area with a nice view of the strip. However, it was hot so we sat in the foyer-ish area which had a very lovely feel with a lot of natural light hitting in all directions. You could also opt to sit inside which was more dimly lit.

Service - 3/5 stars. They were very accommodating with where we wanted to sit so that was nice. However, it wasn't as attentive as I perceived this restaurant to be. Steak knifes weren't given with our orders and server forgot to bring coffee menu when asked for one.

Food- 2/5 stars. My boyfriend ordered the prime steak sandwich and I ordered the merlot steak frites. Both served medium. The steak was ok. The Merlot sauce was pretty good but I personally didn't care for how the fries were served because they tasted like potato chips and I like my fries to be crispy and fluffy. Also, the food was cold when they came to our table. COLD! That def made our dining experience not a happy one! 

Overall, the restaurant is just ok. It's got a nice ambience but the lunch food was mediocre for what you're paying for. Can't attest to the brunch menu but I don't think I'd be making the effort to come back just to try that.Ladies that are supposed to greet and assign you a tables left a bad impression.  Not so much as a hello or smile.  She gave a table number to another girl that led us to our table.  Again, not exactly friendly faces to leave good first impression which is more important than you might think in a restaurant.  Lastly the guy that brought our food simply said "enjoy" in a way that didn't inspire friendliness.  All in all, very surface level experience in terms of overall service.

Food was below expectation as well.  Turkey and brie crepe was dry and uninspired.  Eggs Benedict was OK but it's the same most places. 

I liked our server Brenda J however.  She was the only positive experience at this restaurant.

 I typically enjoy French cafes a great deal but this isn't one.  I will go to a buffet next time despite my distaste for one.We made a reservation for 845 we show up at 845 and are told our wait would be 30 min to 1 hour. Yelp should remove their reservation feature for this restaurant.  I used to come here every time I was in vegas. Never again.I made reservations only to be told seating outside was an extra 15min. TIP: reservations only apply indoors. Anyway, after 20 minutes of waiting we were finally seated. The view was pleasant and waitress was pretty accommodating. (Which is why I am rating 2 stars). Unfortunately, the food was not up to par. I ordered the mushroom omelette with brie cheese that came with a cold, hard piece of toast. The champagne/orange juice ratio of my mimosa was completely off. Every sip felt like I was gulping tequila, I had to send it back. The fruit bouquet was really nice -- to look at -- I can't say the food would ever make me want to come back. According to the waitress, their waffles is the "most delicious/recommended" on their menu. Which is sad, considering I don't go to bistros for waffles. I could just make those myself. C'est la vie!Service was horrible! Waited 20 minutes to get water for our table of 2. Ended up leaving and going to Bally's Steakhouse for a wonderful dinner with great service.We were excited to score a table on their patio. It's great for people watching or viewing the fountain show at the Bellagio, plus the weather has been excellent. 

The best thing we ate was their complimentary french bread and butter. Why is the butter served at french restaurants always so good? Like slightly salty?!

Hubby ordered their steak frites bordelaise and I ordered their sandwich special which was steak on a baguette with blue cheese, horseradish and arugula. Both left alot to be desired. The fries were flimsy and tasteless. The sauce the frites came in was ok but the steak itself was very thin and unlike any steak frites I'd ever had. The arugula salad was bland and the arugula was wilting, as were the pieces on my sandwich. I was disappointed with the quality of the food for such a hefty price. 

Service was good, which helped make the experience better but I don't think I'd dine here again. It didn't seem close to authentic at all.This type of food is not really my thing. We got the charcuterie plate and it was well received. It can really fill you up! That was probably my favorite part. The steak benedict I can do without and was underwhelmed; the meat was too chewy and stringy for my liking and reminded me of pulled pork. Service was fine and free french bread is a nice touch.As a chef, these are the things I noticed that were wrong: 
greasy floors coming out of the kitchen.  To me, that means greasy floors IN the kitchen. And that means a dirty kitchen.
Pâté. Under seasoned. Bland. Good amount of cognac, though.
Brie. Average cheese, warmed through, decent roasted garlic. Crostini way too over toasted to the point of a brick like texture.
Oysters. Decent, unknown origin. Fresh shucked, but not properly. Inner shell chips from shucking present, not done with care, as if an afterthought.
Duck confit. Bland. Unseasoned. Skin not rendered, so not crispy, but gummy.
As a customer, these are the things I noticed, good and bad.
Fast, rushed service.
Server informed. Said he was a chef. But serving?
Bread, solid good.
Drinks, good.
Bartender, newbie. But receptive.
Price. Las Vegas average.
Overall. I have no high expectations for this place.
Can it be good? Off season, yes. Otherwise, mediocre.Had a reservation for my 10 year anniversary with my wife after seeing Jersey Boys that same night. The food was delicious hostess sat us promptly. Waitress was not so nice when I asked for Sam Adams she looked at me and tapped on the Menu telling me they don't serve it. Maybe it's me but it seemed kind of rude. Wife noticed she treated other tables a lot nicer. Overall nice view of the fountains at the bellagio and loved my Bison Steak.I went here for dinner tonight as a group of four. We were seated after a a brief 10 minute wait. There was a long line inside but luckily we had reservations. It's a tourist attraction especially since guests like to sit outside on the strip for people watching. Honestly, everything to the bread to my porkchops was extremely mediocre.My entree was so dry i only took couple bites. I would rather go eat at in-n-out for the food quality and price point. The only good thing i can say about this place is how service is really great. It really made up for the flavorless food.For being in the center of the strip, it was surprisingly good. Service was better than the food, and there were many options to choose from.So disappointed in Mon Ami Gabi. 

Based on the excellent reviews I was very excited to try Mon Ami. We made reservations to eat here on our last night in Vegas and were also celebrating my mother's birthday. I am not sure if MAG was just having an off-night but our experience was all around pretty terrible. The dinner started with a very chaotic and unorganized seating systems. Despite having reservations you have to stand and wait in a line to speak to the hostess. Then they have you stand aside in the crowded bar area and wait some more. Meanwhile, they call names but do it so quietly and from a different area that it is impossible to hear. All of this made for a stressful start to our dinner. Once seated we ordered drinks which were mediocre in preparation and mine came with a very long dark hair curled around in it and hanging out the side of my martini glass. Very disgusting and off-putting way to start the meal. We let the server know and he was not really apologetic at all and then brought back a new martini that was not prepared the way I had ordered. The waiter was incredibly inexperienced and told the table next to us that thier bottle of wine would cost "whatever 12 times 4 is". He then proceeded to break the cork into thier bottle of wine. We ordered appetizers that came out freakishly fast- within two or three minutes of ordering them. I had the house salad which was very small and had wilted brown lettuce in it. My mother had shrimp cocktail which was mushy and my father had french onion soup which was watery, had little or no onions in it, and had very little taste (my work cafeteria makes french onion soup that is WAY better). At this point with the combination of hair in our poorly made drinks, very disappointing food and terrible service, we decided to cut out losses and cancel our entree orders. 

One star for the manager (I think his name was Constantine) who was very nice and apologetic and did not charge us for anything. 

As a side note- we crossed the street and wandered into Caesar's looking for somewhere else to eat and got right into the Palm Restaurant (in the Forum Shops) with no reservations and had an excellent meal of lobster tail and steak!Everyone enjoyed their meals, but nothing was spectacular. Onion soup is very good. Our waiter was very friendly and pleasant. Food was reasonably priced.Food was OK, but service was terrible.  Our server never came back to our table to check if we need another drink, water, bread, etc.  We had to get somebody else's attention for our need.  At the end, they included 18% tipping which is their policy for 5 or more people.  We just wanted to let them know she did not provide us service enough for 18% tipping.  When we called the manager, he was worse.  He said, "did you get your food?  did you get your drink?  then what is your problem?  I am missing your point".   Four of my friends came from Japan.  They totally ruined our time.Mediocre food for too much money, at least at dinner. Their brunch might be a different story.The food and service is average but I have to give this restaurant 2 stars to compensate for all of the high ratings its gotten. I think this restaurant is so popular because of the great view.It was our first time here. Is it just me or does anyone else think it's a little too dark in here? - I noticed a few couples around us attempting to read the menu while using the flashlight feature on their cell phones for light. I understand you're going for the romantic feel, but a little extra light wouldn't hurt a little. Plus it would be nice to be able to see the person sitting across from me.

I ordered a full order of the Mussels Mariniere w/ Frites. - It's one of my favourite dishes to order while in France, so I guess my expectations were a bit high. The portion of the "full order" was way too small. Good thing I didn't order the 1/2 order. Also, the frites that come with the mussels were too thin and crispy. Which was really disappointing, since I've been so used to having thick steak-cut fries with my mussels. I don't think the thin and crispy type of fries compliment the mussels very well, imo. I mean, don't get me wrong, I ate it. It was OK. But I guess my expectations were a bit too high. That's my bad.

My fiance ordered the Hanger Steak w/ Frites. While he thoroughly enjoyed his steak, he did not enjoy the Merlot Butter. Is the butter supposed to look chunky and half frozen? I guess he expected the butter to be melted into the merlot, but maybe his expectations were a little too high as well. 

The highlight of our meal tbh, was the complimentary bread. My fiance (who is from France), was impressed with how closely it compared to the French Baguettes back home. The service was excellent as well, so that deserves 5 stars. Everything else was A-OK.The hubby and I decided to have a late brunch here after seeing the 4 star Yelp rating. Big mistake! 

We had a reservation and did not have to wait for a table, however, we were seated next to the doorway and it was terribly breezy. The service was mediocre and the food was terrible. 

The bread that came out in the beginning of our meal was stale and the butter was too cold to spread. I ordered the chicken and brie sandwich and my husband ordered the mac n' cheese. My sandwich was flavorless and the chicken was tough. The fries that came with my sandwich were soggy. My husbands mac n' cheese was not seasoned well and runny. 

Overall, bad experience and I will not be dining here next time I'm in Vegas!I can't believe I paid $40 for steak tartare. I was expecting something more special for that price.

The chicken liver mousse appetizer was great.

I'd probably have given it 2 stars if I had had to foot the bill!

Cool location, tons of seating.Yes, the location is great, and the outdoor patio very inviting, but our brunch at Gabi was very disappointing. It was a cool, rainy day, so we sat inside. First, we ordered some fresh-squeezed juice. He had orange, which he enjoyed. I had grapefruit, which tasted like it had just started to turn...bitter with almost a fizz to it.  Next, coffee. It was on the weak side, and since I sweeten my coffee with honey rather than sugar, I asked for some...twice...it never came.  

I had seen the chocolate-bacon waffle with warm maple syrup advertised from the street, and had been fantasizing about it for days. I ordered that, while the bf ordered the corned beef hash and eggs.  Both entrees arrived barely room temperature, but it had taken so long already we decided against trying to flag the waitress down again. The corned beef had good flavor, but the meat was a little stringy. The waffle was decent, but the saddest part was the "hot maple syrup." Now I am a New-England girl, and picky about my maple syrup, but I think anyone paying $12 for a waffle should rightfully expect real maple syrup.  This was not. It was the typical maybe-maple-flavored corn syrup you'd find at any cheap diner. Yuck! Totally unacceptable. 

We finished quickly and left. In a way I regret not speaking up, but it wasn't the server's fault, and it was so busy... Maybe the location and views from the patio are enough for some, but if you're going for good food I'd go elsewhere.On my last business trip to Vegas, I knew I had to try to stop here for dinner. Made a reservation for 7:30 pm and there was a line for those with reservations! Crazy! Luckily, they had space by the bar so after waiting in line for my turn, I was seated and went straight to ordering.

Complimentary baguette (yum!) with butter to snack on before your meal comes.

French onion soup $10 - come pipping hot and very filling. Thick cheese with generous portions of onions. This is enough to be a meal by itself. 

Hangar steak $20 - steak on the lower end of the price spectrum. Great sauce, pretty salty (I'm sure finishing the french onion soup beforehand added to the salty taste), and pretty fatty. I had difficulty cutting into it. Would not recommend this cut of meat. 

This place has wonderful atmosphere and I'm sure it's even better on the outdoor patio, for another day when it's easier to grab a spot without a long wait. The french onion soup should not be missed, while the hangar steak definitely should not be revisited.Mon Ami Gabi breakfast hours are OKAY.
Their dinner menu was more exciting than their breakfast.
I wasn't a fan of the waffles. There wasn't anything surprising about it. It was sooooo tiny too. 

 The sauce for the eggs benedict  was pretty delicious tho. 
My coffee took forever too be served too. 

I would go back for dinner.I love this place. i really do. the food is pretty good, but this time just sucked....... Checked in, was told it was 15-30 minutes for an outside patio table. Weather was perfect, so we decided to wait. 45 minutes later (with my buzzer in hand) i was told my reservation was lost and i'd have the next available table.
Strolling through the restaurant, passing a table for 2 at the outside rail, we were seated at a table for 4 right next to the goddamn server station. 
For an hour i was continuously bumped and kicked by servers sitting here and the ONLY reason i didn't blow up, is because this was my wifes birthday weekend and she specifically wanted to go here. 
$150 for lunch, including cocktails......We had one of the best seats in the house I am pretty sure. We had a perfect view of the Bellagio's water show and yet we were still comfortably dining in the air conditioned restaurant. Very nice.
Our server was excellent, although we are convinced his French accent was not real. 
AAAANNNDD, that's where the positives end. We both ordered Filet Minion and scalloped potatoes. We specifically asked for "center cut" and the waiter informed us that they do not have that there. What?! Anyway the steak was very disappointing... I didn't feel it was even worth eating. The texture was off and the flavor was just wrong. It was unlike any steak I have ever tried. Also, the scalloped potatoes came in one very dry potato-cake type thing. Hardly any flavor, and once again the texture turned me off.
Perhaps this is how the French do things... and if so, ew.Steak frites have a pesto like butter sauce on them.
Very accomodating staff for our 3 children.
Quiche is divine, I'm still thinking of it.Ambiance 4/5: typical french restaurant, classic decoration, fine dining experience  

Service 2.5/5: our waitress was very helpful and provided useful suggestion and recommendation, though a bit forgetful, forgot the appetizer we ordered at the beginning, so we had to try it after main courses, which was kinda weird sequence   

Food 4/5: we chose medium for all steak here
  Bread and butter - *** warm and smelt good
  Steak Classique - **** Maitre d'hotel butter, classic choice, recommend 
  Steak Merlot - *** Red wine sauce, merlot butter, tasted unique 
  Filet Mignon - ***** Merlot butter, red wine reduction, soft, tender and juicy, highly recommend 
  New York Strip Steak  - *** 16 oz, bordelaise sauce, big portion, tasted great with delicious onion sauce
  Sea Scallops Gratinees - ** Caramelized fennel and onion marmalade, mussel cream, tasted just so-so after the main course, it might have got better review if we tasted it at the very beginning

Price 3/5: worth the price you paid for, expect $45 each plus any drink

It should deserve inbetween 3-star to 4-starI was not happy with my meal.... most of my friends weren't either... although gravy was good . Too expensive , expected better , but I love Paris HOTEL :)It has a nice view of the street, I mean the Bellagio fountain. Food is ok, and ambiance is nice, but loud.Read the reviews and was intrigued. WAnted to go someplace nice but not over the top. 

Made reservations for 9 on a Saturday night. Arrived to a small line. Told her about our reservation. She robotically told us to go to the other line. Once I was in the fro.nt of the second line, another hostess gave me one of those square light filled waiting thing. Felt kinda like chili's. All hostesses seemed overworked and none really smiled. It seemed they were all overwhelmed students doing this for the first time.  eventually a hostess led us to our table. Asked her how her day went and she said it was busy. I thought to myself, but it's sat in Vegas. Is this something new?

Upon entering, you see well decorated interior. Everything in the place screams Paris sophistication. Dimly lit amber chandeliers hang from the vaulted ceilings. Decorative windows w colored cutouts. Marble tables. The place looks like a million bucks. Decor is a comfortable elegance. Everything is beautiful yet approachable. Perfect for a romantic dinner.

I ordered the special of the night, prime rib served w potatoes au gratin and sting beans. CJ ordered the seafood platter. A combination of lobster, oysters, shrimp, tuna tartar and seaweed salad. Food came relatively quickly. Was all as expected. Taste was ok. 3/5. Which was a little disappointing considering the ambiance. Platter was also $24/person minimum 2. Considering, it was very little food for the price. Was more ice than anything else.

Wait staff was also peculiar. Waiter walks by. Makes eye contact. Then continues walking by. 10 minutes later he turns out to be the waiter. Now at chili's a chain restaurant, they would have typically said "I'll be right back", or otherwise indicate they were our waiter.  He was cordial and informative though. Food as said came out as ordered. But minutes later he is refilling our water. After a round or two, a bus boy finally starts refilling our water and removing plates. Overall the feel is poor staff training and disorganization. This place has one of the best locations across from the Bellagio fountains.

Overall, great ambiance but food and service like a national chain restaurant. A shame because this place could be so much more. save yourself money and have drinks or dessert hereYelpers (and then the waiter) steered me wrong here......do not order the house wine under any circumstance. It's truly undrinkable. It's the DeBeouf with a red flower ($2/bottle in your local corner deli) on the label hidden under the MAG name. Also, can't understand why everyone was so excited about the bread. It's pretty basic, but good I guess? Maybe it's just exciting to get something free in Vegas!

The oysters on the half shell saved the day! They were sweet, fresh and the traditional presentation is lovely.

The NY steak frites was meh. A bit over-cooked and bland, but not awful. I've had much better at Outback, yes Outback, really. The fries were nice however our April night in 'Paris' was chilly and they got cold instantly on my cold plate. 

I'd come back for the oysters, a glass of champagne and a show or two from the Bellagio fountains across the street. The people watching and fountain show view is all time. My man and I enjoyed ourselves and the decent service.We wanted to try the best of the best, so we aimed toward the more expensive items on the menu, which are the filet mignon and the seafood platter.  It was like something I can easily make at home.  I was hyped up because of the high ratings on Yelp and so I was left disappointed.   We didn't even care to stay for desserts.Mon Ami Gabi is a bistro-style restaurant inside of Paris, with an outdoor patio overlooking the crazies walking the strip. Although patio-seating is inconceivable on a weekend night (1-2 hour wait?!), sitting inside of the dimly lit restaurant was not bad at all! The fresh baked baguettes = crunchy and delicious. French onion soup = pretty dang good. Sadly, the Escargot left MUCH to be desired. The only appeal to this dish was the garlic sauce it was cooked in. Other than that, I just couldn't get past the stigma in my head, reminding me that I was, in fact, eating a snail. This was my 2nd time trying Escargot (my first time trying it was in Aruba... That was a bad idea). I'll always try anything at least twice, and since the first time was a disaster, I figured I owed it another shot. When in Rome, right? (In this case, Paris, er, Las Vegas). Overall, not a bad place to pretend you're in France, when you're actually in the heart of a desert in Nevada.Full disclosure: I used to work at Harrah's Entertainment, which owns Paris Las Vegas.

I wish I liked this restaurant more than I actually do.  

Mon Ami used to be my go-to for a good solid dining experience at a reasonable price on the Strip.  I'd get seats outside on the patio, and on a nice LV night, you have a fantastic experience, watching the degenerate LV tourists and having a front row seat to the Bellagio water show.  I have probably been there about half a dozen times.

The service is generally very friendly and competent.  The food, in the past, has been quite good.  Prices are mid-level for Las Vegas.  The restaurant is very dark, depending on where you sit, and so it's really difficult to comment on the decor.  

However, the last time I ate there (September 2008), the food was cold and took forever.  I had put my name in but waited far longer than expected.  I don't mind dealing with the latter, but the former really made me an unhappy camper, particularly because it's always been so good in the past.  Another disappointment was that the ginger ale that used to be served was very authentic ginger ale, and very tasty.  Unfortunately, that's changed over to cheap Canada Dry-style ginger ale.  

An annoying feature - you cannot make reservations in advance.  You basically have to show up and put your name in, then wait around forever.  This of course, delights Harrah's Entertainment, owners of Paris (though the casino does not own Mon Ami Gabi, unlike some of the other eateries on the property).  

Based on my last experience, I find myself very hesitant to recommend this restaurant to friends, so I sadly can't very well recommend it on Yelp, can I?  You'll probably do better if the restaurant isn't slammed (we were there on a Saturday night, peak dinner rush this last time).  At least, I hope so.

The restaurant is right off the Strip, so expect a nice long walk from the garage.  It can be noisy, and I generally wouldn't characterize it as being a romantic restaurant in a traditional sense (quiet, intimate), but it might be enjoyable if it returns to its roots.The French onion soup that the other reviewers suggested was our appetizer. In my opinion, it is not as unique, but rather filled with sodium that makes me scream, "WATER!" The food we ordered was mediocre and we even took the server's suggestion. I believe that individuals come here for the view and not the quality and/or uniqueness of their food.At 6,451 reviews, Mon Ami Gabi may be the most reviewed restaurant I've reviewed. What can I possibly say that one of the other 6,451 reviewers haven't? Probably not much. I'll keep it short.

Located in the Paris Hotel & Casino, many come here for its patio with great views of the Bellagio fountains. Unfortunately, as we didn't have reservations and kind of came here on a whim midday Sunday, we didn't luck out with such a view.

The inside of the restaurant is dim. Definitely on the darker side. Service was good for the most part. I was a little hungover, so I decided to eat healthy, opting for a Caesar Salad with chicken, priced around $18-20. The price was a little outrageous to me for a simple salad, especially considering that it wasn't even that good.

While I know my review should be taken with a grain of salt, as all I ordered was a salad, the whole experience felt pretty mediocre to me. Maybe we came on an off day, because none of my other friends were that impressed either. I should probably return to try some of their other menu options. This likely isn't the place to go for salad. Until then, my 3 star review remains.Came here for the first time last Thursday for lunch. The waitress told me what the special was, so I ordered it. The special was a BLT crab sandwich. When it arrived, it still had the soft shell on it and it was fried. She told me the soft shell was edible, but I don't like eating fried food. So I tried it. It tasted nasty and was very deeply fried. I ended up getting sick to my stomach. I also saw her mess up another patron's order while I was there. I couldn't believe it. He also had ordered the special and by the looks on his face, he wasn't impressed at all.  I know this place has a lot of great reviews, but my experience wasn't that great. No more for me. The prices were fair, hence the two stars.I wanted to indulge with and Eggs Benedict on our trip and chose this restaurant because of the location and reviews. It was not my favorite benedict due to the hollandaise sauce having too much lemon for my taste. 

Service was great for as busy as they were and prices were what you expect for a strip restaurant. Breakfast for two with coffee and orange juice totaled $47 before tip.Very disappointed after hearing good reviews about this restaurant. This was an anniversary dinner for my wife and I and we were looking forward to a nice evening. 

First, I called in our reservation and noted it was our anniversary, but when we arrived (after waiting in the 'reservation' line for about 45 minutes) the hostess could not find our reservation. Not a big deal right? I told them I made the reservation over the phone. They told me no problem they would seat me in just a few minutes. They ended up seating us at the worst table of the house, right behind the hostess stand. That wouldn't do for our anniversary dinner so I asked why we had such a poor table? The hostess replied that since we did not have a reservation, walk-ins get seated in the bar lobby. I reiterated that we did make the reservation, but that they somehow lost it. The hostess's reply? 'Well, I didn't lose your reservation.' I asked to speak to the manager.

Second, the manager comes up to the hostess stand. After a minute or two of whispers and checking their computer, she comes up to me and says, word for word 'And you are here for?' Seriously? As a manager THAT'S how you begin your interaction with a guest? I explained that what I was there for was for our anniversary, I made the reservation over the phone and I was not happy with the table they offered me. She responded by saying that they were very busy and that all walk-ins are sat in the bar area since there were no other available tables. After explaining, again, that we had made the reservation over the phone, the manager gave me a quick nod and said something to the hostess. No apology, not even a word of acknowledgement. The hostess sat us at a table in the solarium area.

Third, the food is nothing special. There are plenty of other restaurants in Las Vegas that have better steaks and seafood. Eiffel Tower restaurant, Prime Steakhouse, Seablue, and Picasso just to name a few. I'm not saying the food was bad, but nothing to go out of your way for.

Overall, if it wasn't for the horrible experience with the hostess and management (our waitress was actually very nice), we wouldn't have been impressed with this restaurant at all. Spend your time and money someplace else.This rating is more so geared toward service and overall experience and not the food per se (since I havent tried most of the menu).  The two stars I gave were for the beautiful view of the water dance show from Bellagio situated opposite from this restaurant.  

Last weekend I came here for brunch for the second time.  I called in a month ahead to reserve a table, but we still had to wait for almost 20 minutes for a table.  Once we were seated, I realized we had the most unpleasant spot in the entire restaurant.  Why? Well, our table was in the lobby connected to the patio outside.  Therefore, cold air was constantly blasting toward our direction.  Because I didn't know any better, I wore a tank top that morning thinking it was such a beautiful day.  After sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to start covering myself up with the napkin (even though that didn't really help at all).  Aside from the location, the service is subpar.  We ordered our food and it didn't come out for another 45 MINUTES!!! That is ridiculous! Not only was I (and the rest of the girls at the table) cold, I was also hungry for 45 minutes for them to get the food out.  

Now for the food part, I ordered off the brunch menu so I got the corned beef hash and poached eggs with roasted red pepper ($12.95).  Let's just say I was equally disappointed with the food as I was with the service.  My dish came out cold...and you know with poached eggs, they would taste terrible with not warm.  I enjoyed the hash-browns as my side dish though.  
Would I want to come here again??? NO!The service was great, and my chicken apple brie sandwich was pretty good. My friends had the vegetable tagine (which they didn't like) and the french onion soup, which was good. We had some expensive cocktails, which were all nice. Our waitress was really great, which saved the rating of this place.

Portions were decent too, and the location is right on the strip in front of the Paris hotel.

I knocked off one star for price (I paid $50 for an entree and 2 cocktails. I think you can get a better value at the buffet, personally) and one star for food quality -- it wasn't terrible, but you can find better in Vegas, especially at that price point.Mon Ami Gabi, what a popular place for Las Vegas visitors.  I was informed about the place on recommendation from my sister.  Many people pass by the place and see the outdoor patio and think to visit the location.  They have also many other locations throughout America which might also give them some word of mouth.  Reservations were made on Open Table with request to be seated indoors as close to the windows as possible to view the Bellagio fountains.  Reservations were for 7, arrived at 640 and was immediately seated at the table requested.  I'm gonna take more advantage of Open Table from now on specifically because of this!

The place has a dark romantic atmosphere, a little loud but still nice.  The rustic french feel added to the ambiance.  For food, I had the mussels marinere while K had the steak au poivre.  I regret not going for a steak.  Mon Ami Gabi is well known for their steaks and it seemed like many people in the restaurant either had some kind of steak of the mussels.  The mussels themselves were very big, hearty mussels but the flavor of the broth wasn't as infused as I'd like.  On top of that, the frites that Mon Ami serves were basically deep fried potato chips.  They were insanely thin and had not meat to them to give that starchy flavor to balance whatever  you are eating.  K had the steak which was tender and yummy with the sauce that was poured on top, for $25, this was a pretty good deal for right on the strip

For desert, bananas foster crepe with vanilla ice and creme fraiche.  Great desert, with the perfect mix of the banana foster mixed with a crepe.

-1 star for the service: our waiter was a little creepy, awkward and talked to us strangely, his timing was really off

Overall, an immensely popular restaurant that I wouldn't attempt to revisit without a reservation, a good spot for a reasonably priced steak on the strip with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.Over hyped! Great decor, service is great, food selection ok, actual food ok. Would I go back? No.Ordered carrots. Didn't get them.  Friend ordered steak well done, got medium. Food of other people tasted good, but certainly not greatHad a 6:30 reservation yesterday but were told it was first come first served for the patio, waited 1:15 before we were seated, the bar area was so small and jamb packed it was impossible even to have a drink. Table was good but very close together so you share the next tables conversation, appetizers great, main course came out cold and the pepper steak had a sauce that tasted like tomato paste. Our waitress was terrific but the front desk staff are totally disinterested. As a local why fight the crowds when there are so many other places to eatA friend raved about this place so we came here on our most recent trip to give it a try. I give it to them that they have the best location! From the outside seating you can get a perfect view of the strip and Bellagio's fountain show. However, the food was quite disappointing. What stood out was their smoked salmon and water. Yes, I said water. Which means the other food really isn't that good.

One of my friends ordered the French onion soup. He said there was waaay too much cheese and not enough onions. The broth was not beefy enough. My other friend ordered the steak burger and the meat also lacked flavor. The Dijon mustard they gave didn't even taste like Dijon. I ordered the chicken & mushroom crepes and I too was disappointed. The chicken was soooooo dry! I'm surprised because isn't French food supposed to be packed with flavors? Here everything is lacking!

The 2 dishes that I did like was the smoked salmon appetizer and the smoked salmon & egg tartine salad. Surprisingly, I am normally not a big fan of smoke salmon but it was quite good here. Fresh & light! Finally, something right. Oh yeah, and the water was good. Either that or I was just dehydrating.

Service was okay. We had to flag the servers down a few times.The experience wasn't that great, possibly in part because the decision was made mostly out of lack of options. It was very late and we hadn't eat yet. Since we had burgers for lunch we passed on Wahlburgers in search of more sophisticated dining. 
Great bread! We decided to forgo appetizers and ordered meals. We both ordered steak. I'm not sure of the cut but they were the same. Mine had bleu cheese compound and hers a Merlot reduction. The only flavor difference I tasted was in blue cheese and fir done reason hers had a 6 dollar premium. Service was acceptable however our waiter had a large group to attend to and were favored over us.  The attendant did a good job of keeping up with my demanding water consumption until our food arrived then nothing until after I had moped up every last drop of moisture from my plate. 
Bottom line; good food,  service ok.Monday morning we decided to have lunch at this place. It was not very busy and we asked to be seated outside. We got seated in couple of minutes. But it took our waitress full 15 minutes to come check on us and see what wanted to drink. I ordered onion soup and seafood crepe.  The onion soup was very sweet, when I complained the waiters told me it's the Spanish onions and not sugar.  But it was to sweet for my taste she took the Onion soup away but did not take it off the bill. The crepe was good with lots of shrimp and scallops. The best part was the baguette, we ate 2 of these baguette with butter and jam. The coffee was weak and slightly warm to the touch.Very nice atmosphere. The waitress was pleasant and the French Onion soup was good, I've honestly had better French Onion soup at Jason's Deli, no offense, but it was still a nice time!Beautiful location, we were seated outside along the street and were able to watch the Bellagio's water show a couple times.  Everything else, from mediocre food to the inept service leaves much to be desired though.Made reservations for 4. Luckily we did, 'cause their line for walk-ins was getting pretty dang long when we arrived. For starters, we shared a half order of the mussels mariniere with white wine and herbs. Very yummy. Can't really go wrong with them mussels! I also ordered their four-mushroom soup on the side. Also, very yummy.

The service is a bit slow because it's a fancy sit-down restaurant. But we munched on the bread while we waited for our entrees to come. 3 of us ordered steak. The Steak Classique with butter, the Steak Au Poivre with brandy and peppercorn, and the Steak Bordelaise with caramalized onions and red wine. Each steak dish came with frites. And their frites were amazing! It's like well-done in-n-out fries. Or string-like thin potato chips! 

The steak itself was thin, tender, and bit. But I've had better steak. The sauces could be better as well...

Don't know if I can give them 4 stars. The ambiance is nice but the food isn't all that memorable... If I go back, I think I will try their breakfast menu instead...It was awful. We had reserved a table, inside according to the confirmation, but when we arrived at the restaurant they said that the table will be 30 mins late. It was raining outside so they had to use inside tables for all guests. We waited for an 1 hour with no kind of response from the restaurant. We talked to them again then they said that the reservation was for an outside table and they will not be able to accomodate us if the rain doesnt not stop. They could have told us that from the beginning, then we could have decided by ourselves if it wasvworth waiting for the rain to stop or not...they dont even deserve a star but there you have its a tourist trap ...from stuck up service to the most shity chefs ive meet on the strip . they need to learn customer service or at least how to approach customers ...Made reservations for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon. They gave us a table near the servers' area close to the kitchen. Really? Asked for a table in the patio where there were empty tables. Hostess replied we had to wait 30 min. Are you kidding me?? Restaurant was not busy mind you. Needless to say we took the "reserved" table. But as you can see this is not starting out right. Service was okay. Food was so so and overpriced. 2 stars for the service. Won't be coming back that's for sure.Very good food and very big portions however the staff was very slow and lacked attention to detail ... I just ask that my drink stayed filled and even that took forever and any request made ie ketchup or syrup would have left your food cold by the time it arrived.Kinda disappointing restaurant. We came here during CES and it was really crowded. We sat outside in the smoke filled air facing the Bellagio fountains. However, unlike Esther (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mon-ami-gabi-restaurant-las-vegas#hrid:kzlYCHGkQRaIF2nTqN3oBQ) I sat facing the bar and not the fountains. So I got a great view of a 50-something year old guy hitting on your pretty typical tall, pretty decent looking blonde gold digger who was clearly there for the free drinks. Entertaining to watch...sure, but I think I would have enjoyed the fountains a bit more (and this review would have gotten an extra star).

For this price, I expected huge quality of food that would last me for the next meal or two. I figured a tuna tar tar salad would hit an empty stomach pretty nicely. My eyes were let down when a tiny bowl of greens and four slices of tuna came out. I expected more for $17, but at least I wasn't totally starving after. Next time, I'll hit up one of the Vegas buffets instead.Had a reservation.  Were running 30 minutes behind so we waited in the front with a couple of Martinis.  Felt bad for the tables sitting in that area as many people waiting.  Sat at table by wait station.  Chair bumped three times before we ordered so asked to move.  Reseated just inside from patio.  Went uphill from there! Appetizers of mussels, escargot, salad were all good.  Filet mignonette cooked to order.  Regular steak not a cut I've ever seen as very thin and flat but good as ordered rare.  Wine was excellent if pricey.  Nice evening overall.Went here for breakfast but missed it by half an hour. Had to settle for their version of a french dip. Didn't care for it at all. Everyone raved about it on the reviews, but I didn't care for it at all.

BREAKFAST IS WAY BETTER!!! THE EGGS BENEDICT IS AMAZING WITH THE CORN BEEF HASH!! BREAKFAST IS 5 STARS!Too many options in Vegas! Ambiance was great as we were front and center for the Belagio fountain show! Not worth the 1 hour wait! Food was ok nothing memorable! There's another location near my home and glad I never wasted my time visiting before. From start to finish wasted 4 hours here! Not worth it!This is our second favorite place to have breakfast in LV after Bouchon.  It's always crowded, and everyone likes to sit outside with a view of the strip and Bellagio fountains across the street.  

The food was OK this past week, but definitely we've had better meals there.  Also the server seemed nervous, so he wasn't on his A-game.  Nice guy, just needs some experience.  

Best to stick with the French food imo.I'll put 3 1/2....

Definite fan of the seafood and ambiance. The roasted chicken was amazing, very moist and generous amount. The steak Bearnaise was less than I expected, way too much pepper and not enough steak.  Escargot was perfect, scallops gratin was good, but the scallops were too small (cut in half for those who can tell) Service was great, very nice and generous. We were also served a complimentary dish from the chef. 

All in all, come here if you are looking for an intimate meal, great seafood, and wonderful service...but not for steak.We chose this place based on the good rating on Yelp but it turned out to be a very bad choice. There was 9 of us some of whom on their own and some in couple. When we told the waiter we were splitting the check he first brought us a series of wrong checks and on asking to correct them he seemed to get frustrated and started to treat us rudely. I went to talk to the manager but he didn't behave the way I expected and told me we should have told the waiter at the beginning. He apologized at the end but he didn't seem to be  concerned about us as his customers. BTW, the food was just ordinary.Came here for lunch.

out of 5 stars
Steak frites au poivre: 3.5
-this tasted pretty good with the peppery sauce. the meat wasn't dry as i would've expected.

Salmon salad: 3.25
-salmon cooked nicely. but nothing too special

Lobster roll sandwich: 3.75
-although i hate celery, i liked it in the sandwich. Seemed to match well with the rest of the lobster salad.

Bacon cheeseburger: 3
-the meat in the burger didn't have much flavor but still tasted ok.

Fries:
-the leaner cut fried here are good. and goes well with most of the dishes when it comes with it.

Service: 3:
they were busy so were a little slow in coming around at times.

Overall: 3.25
everything overall was pretty good. I wouldn't mind ordering most of the dishes again.We come to this restaurant quite a bit for breakfast every time we are in Vegas about 5 times a year. They have this ridiculous dress policy that men cannot wear sleeveless shirts but women can. I personally believe this is very sexist and pretentious. This is Las Vegas for god's sake! It gets hot here people! I understand maybe for dinner but not for breakfast! they give you the option to wear a cheap plain white crew neck t shirt (only avail XLarge mind you). Half of the women sitted at the patio that morning were wearing sleeveless clothes. Never coming back here again and will surely spread this word whenever I can!Worst food I ever had. Complained to the staff, they were rude. Called the manager over, he was even more rude and basically didn't believe me that the food was bad. Needless to say, I ended up in urgent care and was sick all night long. Never coming back here again. The only thing French about this restaurant is the attitude of its staff.I think I made the mistake of not ordering a steak. I went to the buffet earlier and thought I'd do myself a service of a lighter fare, but all the non-heavy entrees aren't particularly special. I don't think anyone in my party liked what they got, so a steak next time for sure. 

All in all, the dining experience is pretty good, with the Paris theme and the outdoor seating fitting.Is no one else disturbed by the fact that the servers have name tags with numbers on them and not names? We were served by #64. Topped off by the fact that the bread came in a bag with the restaurant's cheesy logo stamped on it and when I went to wipe my bread crumbs off the table, noticed that the linen tablecloths were covered in butcher paper, this restaurant did not live up to the expectation presented by the concierge that referred us to it. 

I think if we had gone in with the expectation that this restaurant was run of the mill, it would have been okay. It just would have been nice if the prices matched the quality of the meal.I'll give this place a 3 stars for drinks and location. But as far as the food goes,  it was just OK.Service is below average. The croissant sandwich is terrible they should remove it from the menu. The mixed berry waffles were great. They bring fresh bread out in a bag and they have home made whip cream. One of the servers looked over at my phone to see my review. It was obviously noticeable. Thank god I am not fat, because there is no where to move your chair.I was ravenous when we got here. That being said, everything should have been superb and beyond expectations. This wasn't the case.

To start, we had some of their French bread with butter, and this was satisfying. I then had the French onion soup, which I thoroughly enjoyed. It was so cheesy, and the portion was rather large. At this point, I probably could have stopped eating, but I had already ordered a main course.

It took forever to come out.

By the time it did, we were all full from the bread and soups. Much of the food seemed as though it had been sitting out for awhile. The french fries were cold and had to be sent back. My friend's medium rare salmon came out well done and had to be remedied. My special of the day - roast beef sandwich with truffle aioli - was surprisingly small. The meat tasted more stewed than roasted. I also ordered spinach as a side instead of fries, and I've never had it cooked this way before. Usually I get spinach raw in a salad, or completely sauteed. This dish was neither. It looked like the spinach was barely warmed up in a pan, giving it a strange texture, and it was so salty, it was fairly inedible. I tried taking a few forkfuls and gave up. I should have gotten the fries, I guess.Mon Ami is one of my favorites and I usually go every time we visit Las Vegas BUT not sure if it was the Mother's Day holiday, the food was greasy spoon diner quality and the waitress had an attitude.  She did lighten up after the food was served and prepared incorrectly but still.  It was the letdown of our trip.  We will probably go back BUT only one more chance.  Hoping if we don't go during a holiday the service and food will return to the great quality it has been on other trips.The Country Pate was excellent! Really great. The low stars are for the Steak Frites. Can't trust a French restaurant that can't do a good steak. Easiest dish to nail because you let the cow do most the work. It's like the steak was cooked in too much liquid. No sear and practically boiled. Meh!Horrible front host staff. I came here because Yelp reviews said gluten free options; incredibly limited. The host leave you waiting fir extended periods then tell you they called for you when you complain about the wait. I was literally outside the door. They are rude, seem to barely understand English let alone basic concepts of communication. The server takes over ten minutes before even greeting you. No idea why this place has so many good reviews. I'd go back to Veranda at the Four Seasons for an amazing gluten free brunch.So I only had dinner here, can't say anything about what lunch is like.  For dinner I ordered the french onion soup, the beef bourguignon, and the apple tarte tatin.  I was amazed at how quickly the soup came out, within probably 5 minutes of placing our order, and was somewhat disappointed that it wasn't really hot.  I didn't even need to let it cool off, and the cheese, while melty, was only ok.  What I did not like was how few onions there were in the bowl, there were more croutons in the bowl than onions I felt like.  The broth however was tasty and well spiced which was nice.

The beef bourguignon was perfectly adequate, nothing special, nothing bad.  I might be spoiled in that my grandmother makes this dish and makes it really well and I've also had it while traveling in France.

The apple tarte at the end though was horrid though, and we sent it back after a few bites.  It looked and tasted as if they had used dried apples for it, like the ones you would get out of a bag at the market.  Not only that, but it had a waxy texture and was cloyingly sweet.  All in all, a very bad end to the meal.  Not only that, but I ordered a cafe nuit with desert, and they were unable to make it because they ran out of Calvados, a French apple brandy.  How the heck does a French restaurant, especially one on the strip, run out of this, especially during CES?!

Overall, I was very disappointed with the meal, especially because of all the good reviews I had read on here as well as the favorable word of mouth I had heard.Was in Vegas for work and staying at the Hilton Elara not too far from Paris.  I had asked a friend who lives in Vegas for a few dinner recommendations and Mon Ami was one of the 3 places recommended - so due to being walking distance I ventured over.  Since I was rolling solo I ventured out to the patio bar and was able to luck out and find a seat on a really nice evening.  The bartenders were friendly with some funny sarcastic banter.  I asked for some recommendations as I'm not typically one to dine on French cuisine.  My average 3 star review is likely more because of my food choice but in overall I'd be hard pressed to give it a 4 based on my rating scale.  I chose the scallops which were ok but not as flavorful as I expected.  I did choose a side dish of the macaroni which was tasty and had a nice crispness to the top layer.  I consumed a few drinks and also had the banana fosters for dessert.  The tab was typical Las Vegas strip expensive which is another reason it's only ok in my book.  Would I visit again, sure....but with all the options in Vegas I'd likely want to try some other spots first.Lovely breakfast place and good for people watching. The fountains don't start till 3 but if you can get patio after that there is a good view. Food was moderately pricy but good portion size.What I loved about this place is that, when I had breakfast at street side, we were able to escape the smoke-filled casino and the bustling pace of the city.  We were just able to calm down and enjoy a nice breakfast.

I ordered a green omelette with spinach and gruyere cheese.  My friends ordered quiche lorraine and eggs benedict.  The eggs benedict was the best dish of the three.  The other two items were kind of lacking in flavor.  Cost of entrees for breakfast runs between $8 and $15.  Definitely not bad!

Quality of the food was merely okay...everything was good, but nothing was impressive.  Regardless, the location was great and our server was pretty sweet.   But because nothing really impressed me, I don't know if I'd come back to put down more money for lunch and dinner entrees.  But it's a cool place to come for breakfast....and to escape the strip without leaving it.Food: it was just okay, not hot enough, not the best.
Price: overpriced, have better options for this price.
For the reason I gave two stars is the service, the service was kinda rude, no passion at all.

Will not recommended my friend or anyone. 
Disappointed!Breakfast, so-so. There's other breakfast places, find another restaurant and save yourself some money too.

I ordered the creaps and they were hard all around.  I've never had creaps made like this. My friend ordered the egg white omelet, he said it was fine, but nothing special.Service was good. Food not so good. Eggs Benedict was without any taste. Waffle was ok.Visiting my friend in Vegas who's never had French food and wanted to take her somewhere nice. The atmosphere was very nice and our server was wonderful. We ordered the baked goat cheese appetizer which was delicious. I had the steak tartar which I enjoyed very much but requires no talent. My friend ordered a roasted chicken breast with an arugula, basil paisley purée and a side of asparagus. The purée was bitter and gross, not even sure why it was on the plate. The asparagus was boiled and unseasoned,  and had absorbed water so they weren't crisp.Not impressed with the food at all. Had to send my steak back two times and it still wasn't cooked to medium. The view is nice and staff was really good. I wouldn't bother coming back personally.Horrible service we was waiting for 1.5 hours to be seated and finally they give us the worst place and manager here is like an idiot I don't know who let him menage this butifull placeFood is good but not when there was a COCKROACH  walking around on the table.
Turns out they just deducted $80 from the bill from prevent me to post on Yelp. Sure that was not enough.This place was over hyped. ... breakfast was not worth the price! Its a very nice atmosphere ... good view of the strip and thats about it.Food was sub par. I ended up ordering a salad after trying my wife's steak. Our server seemed to want to get rid of us from the get go. After we ate and had desert she was no where to be found. Sub. Par.My bf and I had brunch here last Friday morning after arriving to Las Vegas from San Francisco.  We chose this place because of all the good reviews here, but we were definitely not impressed at all.  The food was mediocre but definitely compares to Denny's status with a marked up price.  The presentation wasn't even that great.  I had the ham and cheese omlette and my bf had the mushroom omlette and added chicken, which was very dry.  The ham on my omlette wasn't even "fancy" ham it's regular sandwich had from the grocery store.  The omlette menu was very simple and not a lot of options.  On a good note the hashbrowns were good and I might go back and try the crepes maybe that's there best dish.3.5 stars
blueberry french toast: with homemade whipped cream on top 4.5, super yummy

chicken, brie, and apple crepe: very heavy on the sauce and cream: 3TOTAL TOURIST TRAP!!! 

NYE 2010 Dinner  (Wasted over $400 here on NYE 2010 prix fixe menu. )

Worst NY Strip and Filet Mignon ever!!! NO Taste and Rubbery

NY Steak ordered Medium Rare and  served medium well :-(. Filet ordered Medium and servedMedium Rare :-(. 

Terrible excuse for Pom Frittes.  

Salad had one barely recognizable bite of goat cheese, but was good as was the oysters appetizer. 

The Creme Brûlée was OK and the coffee excellent. 



"Cocktail Hour" 

was missing cocktails and only served sparkling wine. FAIL!!! $120 for cheap sparkling wine and OK appetizers. At least the view of the strip was nice and wait staff was attentive.

The dinner was awful. We were sandwiched between two other tables elbows almost brushing our neighbors, hardly romantic or nice for $110 per person NYE dinner. There were many empty tables and sections available yet we were sandwiched between other tables like sardines. 

Although the servers were nice they never asked us if our meal was ok and they couldn't infer by the barely eaten plates that something was awry. The NY Strip was served 2 temperatures overcooked. My girlfriend's salad was taken away before she was finished because there was no room on the table for an extra plate and they brought our Main Course out to us before we finished our salads. Absolutely awful experience. You should have seen the sight of everyone who ordered the steaks sawing away at the rubbery excuse for steak. I kept wondering if it was MUTTON!!!!I seem to be having a hard time finding good, reasonably priced food in Vegas so it makes rating this place quite difficult...

TLDR: cool location, large portions, pretty good food, but overpriced (~$40 per person)

Ambiance (4 stars): nice at Paris hotel, lots of people and sitting outside gives you front row seats to the bellagio's water show

Food (4 stars, but 3 stars if you factor in price):
The good:
- free bread: tasty, warm and crusty French baguette
- hand made burrata + olive tapenade: DIY crostini with very fresh and creamy burrata. Didn't enjoy how tangy the olive tapenade got from the capers, but overall pretty good
- filet mignon (~$40): bf enjoyed this, fries were different, very thin but wide kind of like noodle shaped

Ok:
- kale and chicken salad (~$23): pounded chicken breast grilled, served with a heaping scoop of kale+greens
- roasted mushrooms (~$8): a bit too dry, overly roasted so they were crispy but a bit hard to eat

Pass:
- bananas foster crepe: SO sweet and tasted like it was drenched in syrup
- chocolate profiteroles: ice cream decent, profiteroles pretty standard, chocolate sauce tasted like Hershey's meh

Service (4 stars) decently fast and friendly, especially considering how many people were there. Sat inside without waiting on Thursday @10pmIf you're going to eat at Mon Ami Gabi, make sure you get seated outside...especially if you go at night. Even as Las Vegas locals, we had a lot of fun sitting outside watching the fountains. They've also got a really good heating system outside making it comfortable on colder nights.

As far as food goes...it was okay. I had the steak au poivre which came out overcooked for my taste and pretty dang tough. For whatever reason, the brandy peppercorn sauce was all over half my fries and not the steak so I didn't think the flavor was all that great either. My wife ordered the filet bordelaise which blew mine away. Her steak was tender and topped with just the right amount of onions and a really tasty red wine sauce. We enjoyed the frites too and they give you a huge portion!

The service was ok but I felt extremely rushed. Our waiter seemed annoyed that our table took a bit of time to decide on what to eat and spend some time chatting after dinner. With drinks and tip, our bill was $400 which may be small to them but doesn't mean we should get subpar service. Maybe it was just a bad night but nothing blew me away and I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.We had reservations, but could not sit on patio. We thought our service as two stars/ mimosas were almost $13 each/ the food was ok to good. We have loved this place in the past. Breakfast was $104 for 2 & it was just ok.Unfortunately for Mon Ami Gabi, my rating is influenced largely by the way their staff handled a recent incident that occurred while I was eating there. 

We arrived at Mon Ami Gabi after the 7:00 showing of the Jersey Boys. Our reservation was not until 9:30, but they were able to seat us immediately at 9:15. We ordered the Warm Brie Cheese, which the menu states is served with black pepper honey, hazelnuts, and croutons. While I still enjoyed the dish, there was actually only ONE hazelnut on the plate. 

For our main courses, I ordered the French Onion Soup and my sister ordered the Grilled Salmon Salad. The soup was fine as far as French Onion Soup goes. My sister said the individual components of the salad were fine, but trying to eat all of the different parts together made for a strange taste in her opinion. 

When it came time to pay, I reached down next to my chair where my purse had been sitting during the entire meal to retrieve my wallet, only to find my purse was not there. I had gotten my phone out of it just a few minutes prior, so it had definitely been there during the entire dinner up to that point. I alerted the waiter of what happened, and he said he was going to get the manager. About 10 minutes later, a manager arrives at our table asking what happened. He informed us that he had only been working there for a month and did not know what sort of assistance they could offer me. I asked if we could view surveillance footage and he said that they did not have the "authority" (according to the actual senior manager of the restaurant, who neglected to address the situation in person with me at all). 

Once we had hit a dead end within the restaurant, security guards from Paris showed up. They continued to ask if I "was sure" I hadn't left my purse in the restroom, or at the show I had previously been at. At this point I was sick of people acting as if it was my fault that someone had taken my property. We filed a "lost and found" report with the hotel, and I went back to the restaurant to be sure there was nothing else they could do to help me out (which they claimed there was not). After all, we were leaving in the morning and my purse contained my id. Getting through airport security without an id is not the easiest task... 

You would think that after the inconvenience of having your purse stolen at the restaurant, they would have offered some sort of condolence, or offered to comp at least our appetizer, but they offered nothing of the sort. No apology, no help. I would not go back to this restaurant for that reason alone. But then, when I finally got back to our hotel, I began to get sick, and I was sick for the rest of the night. Quite the ending to my trip, I must say.I don't know if it was the munchies or what but the steak from this place was on point.  My experience here was good, my food was served fast and the waitress was constantly checking up on us.Pros: Great view of the Bellagio Fountains (right across the street), ample seating. Decent food.

Cons: Food could have been better considering the price. Likewise for the service. I've had much better steaks for less. 

Overall: Worth doing if you're in the area and wanting some decent food without worrying about a dress code. We had no problem getting a table at 6pm on a Monday, but on weekends you would want to get a reservation (easy to do online)My friends and I came to Las Vegas for a bachelorette party. We made reservations in advance and ate here our first night. Our reservations were at 7:00 and we were seated within two minutes after arriving. Our waitress was great and the food was very, very good. Although there were plenty of large entrée and protein options, I wasn't that hungry so I ordered the Caesar salad and added grilled chicken (really good). The other 7 girls I was with also really enjoyed their meal (filet/fish). Everything was cooked to our liking and the wine was great for a $45 bottle (they had pricier options as well). My only complaint was with our checks. I asked the waitress if she could split the checks and she agreed. When we received our checks, she had split everything we ordered 8 ways. So I paid for 1/8 of each person's meal. This was confusing to me and kind of frustrating considering I ordered something cheap and others at the table ordered more expensive entrees. It wasn't a huge deal but I ended up paying about $20 more than I should have. Other than that, I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi.Perhaps it is because I'm from New York- a city the New York Strip was named after- that I was highly disappointed with this plane. I ordered a Merlot filet mignon, and it wasn't that it was cooked badly... It was the quality of the steak. Chewy!!! A chewy filet, can you imagine!!! Wasn't worth the money, or the calories.Worst restaurant I've ever been to. Feel like most overhyped places are bad as people get caught up with group think. Seafood crepe and eggs Benedicts were about as good as breakfast I cook at home with a microwave. I couldn't even finish the food. Paid 70+ for two. There was this one time where I had a really bad day. I found out my ex girlfriend cheated on me with a fat ladyboy. That same ladyboy also ended up beating my ass in a fight. Destroyed I went home to cuddle with my dog. I find out that the ladyboy cooked my dog for dinner for my ex gf. Finally at the end of the day after sitting on the toilet I also realized I ran out of toilet paper. That day was still better than my experience at this restaurant.The service was excellent but other than that I would not recommend this restaurant at all. My family went here after seeing a show downtown Vegas. It was extremely loud. I couldn't hear my mom talking to me right next to me. The food was not good and way overpriced. We ordered the Frangaria which was their version of sangria. It was not good. Way too sweet and too heavy. I would definitely  NOT recommend it.A 3 for the food and I can definitely see the extra star for the environment. Great patio and even though it is outside they still manage to blast the AC hard enough to keep it from being unbearably hot during summer. 

The burger that I had was better than everyone's breakfast items. Simple. Cheddar cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato. Fries were crispy, cold, string type guys. Pass. Wife's poached eggs and sausage was average. Hash browns were bad - chewy and room temperature. Good toast.

Reasonably priced. $14 for the burger and $14 for the eggs.

Glad we went I guess but doubtful I'll be back.The entrance to this restaurant is on the inside of the Paris Hotel.  There is a huge patio that is always crowded, the tables are too, too close for me.  They do have umbrella's for the tables on the patio.  We arrived early, before the crowd started pouring in...they have roped off lines in front for entering the restaurant, one is for reservations & the other is for walk-ins, no reservations.  The waiter's & waitress' uniforms are all with a French twist - nice!  We sat inside, we're not tourist plus it was already 80 degrees - no thank you!!  The inside is pretty roomy.  I must mention that on HOT days you're treated to nice mist as you walk in front of the restaurant.  We ordered the lemon pancakes crepe with hash browns & the shrimp crepe, cherry crush blueberries juice...now THIS was the BOMB!!!  The lemon crepe was absolutely delicious, unfortunately the hash browns, I would not even give it a zero...I really think the food is overpriced.  The was clean, the staff were helpful & friendly.  So to sum it up, for me when I go back to Vegas, if I don't get a change to get back here, I won't miss it.Hostesses were a bit snobby, which was annoying considering we had a reservation, were there early, and were dressed appropriately (as opposed to several people we saw in jeans and flip flops, for dinner!)

Service was good but almost TOO fast!  We got our food extremely quickly and that was a bit of a bummer because we felt rushed and didn't get to savor our special meal.  French onion soup was delicious, very cheesy.  My husband had the much recommended Filet Minot Merlot and it did not disappoint.  I ordered scallops with butternut puree and brussel sprouts.  The butternut puree and brussel sprouts were very yummy. The scallops had little taste and I didn't finish them.

Last time I was in Vegas we ate at the Lakeside in the Wynn and I would recommend it over this place for a truly special adult night on the town.  Although the view of the Bellagio fountains is a nice bonus!Went to Mon Ami Gabi for the first time to celebrate our wedding anniversary with friends. We booked the table on opentable.com a few days before with a note about the celebration. They dont care, not even a congratulatory message. Got the table on the patio we requested, the view was awesome. Bellagio is right across from the restaurant so we can even see the fountain while eating. The restaurant got really busy right around 7:45-8pm on a Saturday night. 

We ordered some frites, soup of the day, sea scallops, pork chop, steelhead (their special that night).  However, there was something wrong with the server. He was not all quite there, twitching, blinking, stuttering, bumping into the backs of our chairs, etc. We received our frites and entrees not long after we placed the order; however, the soup never showed up. We asked the server about it and he was so confused. So we just cancelled the soup as we didn't want to wait.  

Food was okay, nothing special. The frites and scallops were so salty even though they were cooked pretty well. The frites also looked and tasted like the scraps left at the bottom of the pan, brown, over fried crumbs.  The excessive amount of salt totally ruined the dishes. Steelhead was tasty, but we realized that it's 28 bucks when we got the check. It's pretty costly compared to most of the entrees on the menu (average $19-$24). 

Definitely not worth going back again for the food and service. For the view? Maybe. How disappointing!Go for the view, not the food.  I'll give it a 3 for the ambience and the good service.  The food leaves a lot to be desired.   Sit outside to see the Bellagio fountain show.  Probably was the worst, most overpriced french onion soup I've ever had, but bf loved his steak frites.  The steak that is, not the fries.  The fries were awful- too thinly sliced with zero flavor.  Perhaps some dishes are good here, I can't be the judge since we had only two.  But the baguette they serve with the good butter and apple/fennel appetizer is what I filled up on.This place is so underwhelming. Just so incredibly underwhelming.

I made reservation for 12:30, not sure how busy it would be on a Saturday in early December. Turns out it's pretty damn crowded, but they're seating every party with no problems. They tell us to stand by the side until they flag down a waitress to seat us. We can a little earlier around 12:15, so I expected to wait a few minutes but I waited much longer. Fast forward 20 minutes and we're still standing there while they seat parties of 10. Apparently they forgot about us. -1 Star.

We finally sit down and our waitress comes to us and she was lovely. We ordered the duck confit to start. I ordered a warm chicken and brie sandwich while my friend ordered a medium rare steak. It takes a while for our appetizer to come out, in which time the staff breaks about 3 wine glasses throughout the restaurant and the shattered glass is everywhere. Okay, promising.

Duck confit is dry. So dry. Has OK flavor, but just so damn dry. 

My warm chicken and brie sandwich was clearly sitting under a heat lamp for a while because all the brie had melted off the sandwich and the chicken was dry.

Steak was cooked very medium instead of medium rare.

Everything but our waitress was so underwhelming. I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.Sign this was going to be my first and only trip to Mon Ami: Having made reservations far in advance for our party of 8, the hostess refused to seat us because one single member of our party was missing in the restroom. So, rather than sit and begin to order appetizers, we were relegated to the "time out" corner until our bladder-busting buddy could join us. Sure, it was crowded, but not packed, and it appeared that we were one of the few groups who either a) made reservations or b) dressed as if we were going to a nice dinner and not an auto auction.

Each of my friends ordered versions of the filet, some with a peppercorn sauce and others without. I went different with a hamburger (having eaten prior and also intrigued at what France would do to one of my favorite American inventions). I asked the burger be cooked "medium" and what I got was a blood-red mess that needed to be sent back. The meals are all served with traditional steak fries, which to me tasted like fried bits of batter and were too much like broken potato chips to eat with your fingers or a fork. Either way, it was a pretty unsatisfying meal for the $13 bucks it cost. I can't speak for the rest of the group who thoroughly enjoyed their meals. However, they had been drinking various mixed drinks for hours previous so they could have eaten fried roadkill cooked in a used gym sock and would have probably savored it with no complaints.

The only positive about the place was Frangria (which I imagine implies France's take on the traditional Spanish concoction). I now believe that it was called such based on the fact that it was Franzia boxed wine and fruit. either way, it was served in a large, chilled pitcher with delicious fruit and packed a pretty mean buzz between two adults. Definitely worth a try with dinner.I would only really enjoy dining here if I am seated outside in the patio. The food was just alright, nothing great. But I did enjoy the baguette and butter! It was SO good! Mon Ami Gabi is more of a place grab a bite to eat while people watching outside and enjoying the Bellagio water show. But for food alone, I don't care too much for it.Not sure if it was all the hype I heard about this place, but I was not impressed. I don't want to say it was horrible but I am having a hard time understanding all of the high ratings. Much of the food was bland and my entire party felt the same way. The only thing that stood out was the sauce that the mussels were in. I also enjoyed that they gave whole Baguettes and were gracious when we wanted extra to dip into the sauce. We also got a salad that was nothing special at all, French onion soup, escargot which was okay but once again bland and the steak with frites, which I definitely could have made at home.

Service was extemely spotty after we got our food. We weren't checked up on and it took forever to find someone to get us our check.You really need to be into old world wines (it is a french restaurant).  If you can score a patio table on a nice day, you're stoked.  5 star people watching, 3 star food and the wine list is lopsided.  Honestly, grab a bunch of oysters and chilled seafood with a bottle of sancerre.Bread! More bread!

Mon Ami Gabi is a great tourist spot for some French cuisine in Las Vegas. From the outside patio there is an absolutely phenomenal view of the Bellagio water show.

The food here, however, was subpar. For the prices you pay, you could have a much more filling, much more tasty meal. I feel there was a bit of a markup simply because of the location, which is fair.

If you're in for a simple meal in Vegas with an incredible view, feel free to check this place out. But if you want an absolutely delicious meal, I'm sure you could find one elsewhere.I really don't think this restaurant deserves more than 2 or 3 stars. This past weekend I went to Mon Ami with friends and their son. I have to say, going to a restaurant such as Mon Ami really shows the cracks in the foodservice industry.

1 - They were not happy the parents requested a table outside and tried to push them to the back but the mom insisted on sitting at a table where there was light. This meant we had to wait which was fine but the attitudes were not needed from the hostesses.
2 - The mom had a stroller with her and as she was trying to park it somewhere, some servers and bartenders were rolling their eyes and laughing at our party. Again, this sort of behavior is not needed and I will not be coming back.
3 - I already talked about the hostess "helping us" and I thought our server was good at first but after the food came and we all ate, we were waiting for about 20-30 minutes just to ask for the check and another 10 for them to take the card for payment.

This restaurant is good for adults - don't bring your kids as the attitude from staff will make you want to leave.

Beware - Even if your party is parking - they will only seat you if the entire party is there. 
** Breakfast stops at 11 and there are 2 actual options on the brunch menu which is served all day.

All in all - I think most families / big parties that want brunch should go elsewhere in Vegas.I came here for he Saturday breakfast menu. Had he corned beef has and the French toast. The food was okay. Not up the the hype. The service was so so...had to keep asking for water refills. They came by to ask how the food was once we finished.I am taking the time to inform you of my unacceptable dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas on January 20, 2013, from 11am-1pm. We came with a group of 10 and were seated promptly, with our drink orders taken and fresh bread served. There were a few incidents where I found my dining experience unacceptable:

1. My friend ordered the corned beef hash, and shortly after ordering, the waiter returns and says they are out of corned beef hash. This is disappointing but acceptably okay, but given this is Las Vegas, and a huge restaurant, how do you run out of such a popular dish, especially at a time like Sunday Brunch? I wanted to order this but changed last minute after hearing the special.

2. The second incident was when our waiter told us the specials of the day, so I ordered the "Portobello" eggs Benedict. Except, when our food came, the waiter tells me it's "pork loin" eggs Benedict instead of "Portobello". The thing is, the waiter should've known what the specials were, and second, he should have came back and told me earlier, the same time he told my friend they had ran out of corned beef hash, that the special was not "Portobello" but "pork loin". I would've have elected to switch to something else. I do not want "pork loin" eggs Benedict, and my second choice would've been the corned beef hash, which the restaurant ran out of. The worst thing was that he told me when our food came, so it wasn't like I had any choice to change my order. I was starving and didn't want others to wait for my food to arrive so they could start eating while they already had their food served, and there wasn't really anything else I really wanted on the menu. Had the waiter informed me earlier, at least I could have ordered something else. The waiter, did however, said he would check back to see if I wanted to change my order, and when he did return to check back a long while after, I was more than three-quarters done with my food because I was way too hungry, and I wasn't enjoying the food, but merely eating just to fill up my stomach. I was rather upset by that. 

3. The last incident was my other friend's hot water. She ordered a tea, and needed a refill in the hot water. The waiter took the pot, and never returned. When we asked the waiter about the hot water, he replied, "oh, we gave it to the other end of the table." Obviously, the waiter forgot about it and made it up. We ordered 3 hot teas, and now there were only 2 hot water pots. I mean, normally it wouldn't have been a huge issue, but I was already upset from my meal. 

4. Given, we had a large party, but the wait was unbearably long. I was starving!

The service was nonetheless friendly, I wouldn't fault the waiter. The fressi, kale, warm bacon salad was good and light, however the bacon was cold. Both the chicken liver and pate were on par.

In conclusion, I was quite disappointed with my dining experience. The view was great, they had nice fresh bread (although the butter was cold and hard), and that's where it ends. Given, we had a large party, but the wait was unbearably long. I was starving!Had a decent experience here.  Made a reservation and was seated within about 10 minutes.  Had a pretty nice seat, inside, but against the glass wall over looking the strip.  Was seated at one of those tables for two that are weirdly small and low to ground.  Really uncomfortable to sit at.  Food was ok.  Onion soup was great except for it's zero salt content  I salted it and it fixed it.  My wife enjoyed the snails.  My steak flavorful but the fry/chip/things that came with it were odd and hard to eat with any enjoyment.  My wife had the scallop appetizer for her entree and it was a complete rip off.  It was ONE scallop sliced into three to look like 3 scallops with some cheese and sauce.  Our waiter was really creepy and possibly condescending at the same time.  And no, it wasn't because we complained at all, it just how he was ::shiver::This place was fine.  Decent service, decent food.  The outdoor seating was awesome for people watching.  
Perks:  reasonably priced, outdoor seating, and no need for reservations for brunchMeh - this place is Ok.  I was here on a Sunday for brunch.  Ordered a turkey and egg white omelet. My husband ordered the goat cheese omelette.  The food was good, the bread and coffee were great.  I was 2 bites into my food and noticed a hair, no big deal told the server.  She apologized and got me another order.  By the time my new order came my husband was already done with his food and been finished for a bit.  I ate my food and left.  I didn't expect a free meal, but I expected a dollar or 2 to be taken off. When nothing was taken off, i said nothing, and left a less than 20% tip as I felt the server should've said something.  

We paid and left, we were just outside of the restaurant and right in the casino the server chased us down.  She stated she wanted to " make this right'  I imagine she wanted to as her tip was not what she was expecting.  it was only after i left a less than 20% tip that she wanted to do something.  GROSS.  they gave us my meal for free.  I left the total the same, and gave the rest to the server, only for the sake of not having to stand there and waste any more of my time.  The location is great, and the patio is nice for people watching, but I wouldn't go back.This restaurant in Las Vegas is a great spot to relax and have a nice brunch. Food is good, I recommend the seafood crepes, it sounds kind of strange for crepes but trust me they are Delish! The service isn't the greatest though. when I went the host wasn't too helpful and didn't seem to know how to accommodate last minute requests, maybe she was new. The food took a long time to arrive, I had filled myself up with French bread by the time I got my food. I expected better service since it is a pricey place. Nevertheless, you be the judge!The food was good but definitely not the best steak I've had. I had the filet mignon with the merlot butter. Service was friendly.

The butterscotch bread pudding was pretty delicious!I've been here for breakfast before, great experience. Decided to try lunch and won't be going again. First of all, I walked in and stood at the counter for almost 5 minutes before any of the 4 or 5 hostesses even looked up to acknowledge me. That is incredibly rude. 
I ordered the French onion soup expecting amazing flavor  since it's #1 on yelp and it was good, but certainly shouldn't be known as the best in Vegas. I also tried the Cubano sandwich. That was good. Great flavors. I ordered the Macaroni gratin for my daughter. Horrible. How do you mess up mac and cheese? Absolutely no flavor whatsoever. Incredibly bland. With the amount of money being spent there I expect delicious food and great service. Incredibly disappointed with today's experience.Was just so-so for me. After reading many reviews, I had good expectations for this place, but it just didn't totally deliver.Rushed service ruined what could of been a great night out. The view of the Belagio fountains is unsurpassed. Food was tasty and flvors blened well. But the serivce. They were burning them and turning them. I guess that what happens when there are lines out the door there?My family and I have eaten here many times since they first opened. IMO their service and food quality have slowly swirled down the drain. 
With my wife and eldest daughter out of town, my youngest daughter and I decided to go to Mon Ami Gabi. The last time we ate there i was unimpressed with the food or service, but brushed it off as a off night for them. Over the last year or so I've noticed that the food and service has been hit and miss.
We made reservations, and we were seated immediately. A staff member asked if we wanted sparkling or still water, we ordered sparking. That arrived quickly as well as the baguette & butter. 
The first (of many) waiter soon arrived and took our drink order. Another waiter arrived after the first one left and asked us for our drink order. We told her we gave someone the drink order and she left. 
The drinks arrived, and about 5 minutes later the second waiter retuned to take our dinner order. My daughter ordered the Grilled Salmon & Spinach Salad and I ordered the NY Strip (medium) and French Green Beans. 
Sooner than i expected, a 3rd waiter arrived with our meal. 
I did not see the 2nd waiter, who took our order, for the rest of the meal.
The salmon was a bit overdone, and the steak was medium rare, edible enough to not make a fuss. 
Our meal was also served with a cloaking device, as we were not disturbed until we had finished out meals and had to flag down a busboy to find a waiter.
The first waiter arrived and asked if we wanted desert. 
All I wanted was my check. I left a 12% tip.

1. Our order taking waiter did not tell us about the specials
2. food was meh
3. service was meh

I'll not be returning. 

We went to Luv-It Frozen Custard for desert. That place is 5 stars.This place is a chain and not worth the wait.  We had to wait forever even with a reservation.  The waiter took way too long to greet us, get drinks, take our food order, etc.  He wasn't even very friendly or helpful.  We told them when we made the reservation/checked in it was our anniversary and we were celebrating with them but they never said a word about it.  The food was ok but not worth the $24 for a flat steak and runny mashed potatoes.  The food was not French, the atmosphere screamed of Vegas strip and even though we made the reservation a month in advance, we were crammed between a birthday celebration and a bachelorette party.  Not exactly my idea of a romantic anniversary dinner.  If you don't mind being crammed inside a tiny lobby, being ignored and paying too much for mediocre food, eat here!Food was average. I have eaten there before and was lucky to get a seat outside. Despite reservations this time, we were seated across from the door to the kitchen. So I watched waiters come in and out the entire evening. It was out last eve in Vegas and we were hoping to have a special evening but the close tables and placement were definitely a turn off. Sorry. Our waiter was friendly and helpful.So I finally had the chance to dine at Mon Ami Gabi, which I've been wanting to do for quite some time now. The service was excellent but I am sad to report that I was not impressed with their food. I ordered the Escargot for my starter and Steak Classique for my entree'. The escargot was not bad but I've had better (in Nice :-) and at Orange Hill Restaurant in SoCal). The steak sounded really good based on the description on the menu and I think I read a review here on Yelp from someone who said it was the best he's ever had but unfortunately, it was just alright for me.Location is important and in that respect this place is wonderful.   The patio sits across the Boulevard from the fountains at Bellagio.  When the weather is right... this place has one of the best locations in Las Vegas.  When it is 100+ or the wind is blowing...  or other undesirable weather presents itself...  this place is much less impressive.  

The food is pricy upscale French / American bistro.  Nothing remarkable but all prepared well.  The service can be spotty at times... but when you have the right day on the Patio...  who cares if you are left waiting at the table.  

The place is always crowded so plan ahead.  Its not a great meal... but on the right day it can be a great experience.Mon Ami Gabi has probably the best view of the strip, but it's hard to find a seat during the busy dinner time. 
I made the reservation trough Open table and requested that we wanted to be sat beside the window. When we were there? They placed us on a table where the Bellagio fountain was 3 tables away from us, we couldn't enjoy the view. It's a pity.

The service was friendly, it's not too overwhelming.
Cutlery was dirty. When I tried to dig into my salad, I realized that I had some yellow jello leftovers stuck on my "clean" folk.  Eeeewww...
The presentation looks poorly done, luckily the food tasted alright. 

---Grated carrot in vinegar that was served together with bread is disgusting. It tasted like food waste. It was sour, bitter and it smells funky. I rather put Kimchi on my bread instead of sour carrot that smells like garbage. It was weird. 

-+Duck confit was mediocre. The duck meat is juicy, tender and sweet. This classic recipe didn't wow me, but it wasn't a bad dish as well. 

---Escargots tasted boring and it had this mushy texture. It tasted the same like when you were little, you probably plug your finger into your nose, and that green stuff that you put into your mouth from your nose has the same texture and taste as this dish. 
The best escargots I had was at a small restaurant in a Parisian alley. It was juicy, tasty and buttery. 
And the escargots that Mon Ami Gabi served was probably from a can. 

--+Mushroom soup looks awful, but it tasted alright. It's a chunky winter soup. 

-+NY steak and Filet Mignon are pretty good. The quality of the meat is okay, the texture is just a bit powdery, it tasted alright. 

+++Steak Bordelaise is a good dish. Although I didn't taste much of the wine and the bone marrow in the sauce, but it was quite an accomplished dish. The cutting is a bit too thin, but the meat is tender, juicy and sweet. I love the fries. You have to eat it while it's still hot. It was crispy and tasty. I almost finished everything.   

-+Creme Brulee is very sweet, but I still like this dish. It's creamy. 

+++Cappuccino, coffee mocha and Macchilato are good, it's strong, it has great flavor and smells wonderful. 

It's probably a cool place to eat while you can enjoy the Bellagio fountain, but the food was just mediocre, nothing really stood out and nothing really to be sad about.Solid goodness, but not great. 
With some really fabulous buffets, it's almost unfair to compare a restaurant based on just one dish-- but this place has good food without gouging you price wise. Our table had the warm olive jar, warm Brie cheese with honey and escargot for appetizers, and these were all good but not great ( escargot was best). I had the steak Roquefort, and it was decent, for the price I was satisfied and didn't feel abused, but I'd rather go to a buffet. 

Atmosphere was nice, but not incredibly impressive either- it's hard to take a place seriously as an upscale location when you see guys roll in with suggestive tshirts on.Great location but overrated and overpriced food. Service varies from very good to bizarre with poor attempts at humor that border on rude.This place used to be a great place. The lunch service was horrible. The server had a major attitude, food took 30 minutes to get to our table. The busboy gave us better service than the server. LOLNot a go to for breakfast - pick somewhere else.  Horrible service, took 10 minutes just to get water.  Wait staff do not pay attention to patrons and management doesn't seem to notice some tables not turning over due to no service.Food is just ok but service is totally poor.  Me and my friend arrived there 10:45am (was a 12pm reservation).  I already informed them we are early and asked if we can eat early.  Somehow I don't know if that make the host seems very annoyed and it took them awhile to give us a seat, which is a small / "L" side table next to their food ordering kiosk and the storage of their plates / napkins when there was at least over 80% / 20 tables are empty.   I was very upset and demanded to change the seat as servers keep walking  / passing by our table to place the orders and get napkins / plates.

The host gave us a bigger table, we found  our drinking glasses have lot of water spots (which I did not request waiter to change as I can sense the rudeness from the way they treated us, but I still want to try their food from all the good reviews).

When they served us the bread, they just leave it on our table and did not even notice (or they don't really care) we did not have plates.  We have to ASK the waiter to give us a plate to eat our bread.

When we finished our food, our server came and asked us "you done?" and I said yes, without asking me if i need a dessert  / coffee or tea, she turned around and just printed out our check and put the check on our table without even saying anything.

I felt upset and very disappointed, we paid what we suppose to paid (well no matter how bad the service was we still need to "appreciate" their service by paying min of 15% tips) and no one even noticed we left the restaurant.  I really don't know if I said something wrong but this is the service I received from such a high rated restaurant.  Never would recommend anyone to go there!!!I'll get straight to the point.  We went at 12:30pm on a Saturday and didn't get our food until an hour later.

We ordered a Ceasar salad and corned beef hash to eat.  The Ceasar salad was pathetic and does not deserve to be served at any Vegas restaurant.  The corned beef hash was actually pretty good.

The interesting part was that we were ready to leave and asked for the check because the food took so long but they brought it out before we could leave.  I told the waiter that we've been there for almost an hour and he said that it's really busy, and the kitchen makes breakfast orders slower - so I asked why they wouldn't bring the Ceasar salad and he said "yeah, I guess we could have" - and that was the end of the conversation.

I can't in good conscience recommend this place to anyone and the high rating they have on Yelp is complete nonsense.Came for lunch here, had the onion soup, chicken and mushroom crepe, and fries.
The food was mediocre, the onion soup I did not like at all, the crepe was ok. My fav thing was the fries, they're thin and crispy. Atmosphere is nice, we sat outside and were lucky to have a one man jazz show which was delightful.
Service is great and staff are very nice.Eh, overpriced mediocre food, crowded, and waiters with fake French accents don't really move me. 

Yes, the location is desirable, outdoors overlooking the Strip and the Bellagio water show. On nice days expect waits for outside to be over an hour as we found out (we left and came back the next day for a shorter wait). Even with the wait they give you buzzers with a decent range so you can go to the bar or play some slot machines while you wait. 

Food was mixed at the table. The two of us with salads (a chopped and a spinach) were both dry. Across the table there were raves for the french onion soup and the escargot. Glasses of wine all around but it was mainly house wine. 

Service was a little slow, maybe because it was so crowded. The waiter did speak with a pushed-on fake accent which got to be a little more than just a bit annoying at the end. 

If not so crowded it would be a great place to sit outside and have a glass of wine and nicer appetizers than typical bar food.Ok, I'm way late in posting this, but here goes.

We usually come here for brunch when we are in LV (four or five times a year), and generally, it's good.  Today, my hubby and I wanted to eat light (coming off of a Super Bowl junk food fest), so he ordered the French onion soup and a side of hashbrowns.  I had the smoked salmon plate.  The food was good!

Things That Make Me Go Meh:

1.  Waitress couldn't explain the difference between "rustic toast" and "country toast".  Apparently, there is a difference...

2.  Our table was in a service dead zone.  Took 10 minutes to flag down someone to ask for bread.  When I did, the busboy said, "Yeah?" as if I was I was bothering him.  His response actually made me pause, thinking, what? excuse me?

Work on your service Mes Amies.I really wanted to like Mon Ami Gabi.  With over 4000 reviews and an average of 4 stars, I expected... more.

As one of the most highlighted (and expensive) things on the menu, you'd think that the steak frites would be amazing.  In reality, my "medium rare" was a thoroughly chewy well done.  It seemed like they tried to cover that by over seasoning it.  It was edible and I'd rate it somewhere around a Chilli's or Outback Steakhouse level of steak.

The one saving grace here was the frites.  It was like someone deep fried crack and potatoes together, creating some ungodly balance of crisp outside to tender inside.  I only wish that Mon Ami Gabi would put as much effort into the main course as the accompaniment.Food was good for breakfast but service was just terrible.Mondure!

A quick disclaimer: I didn't actually dine here; I joined a couple friends who were finishing their meal. 

That said, I got to witness the calamity of a party a few tables away get up from their booth in a tizzy, while waiters and managers swooped down on their area with police-style flashlights.

And based on the patron's pained expressions, and the staff's serious faces, you KNOW they had to be looking for just one thing: VERMIN. In the middle of a heavily-packed, noisy dining room.

Sacre bleu!

Extra star because my friend maintains she enjoyed her steak very much.Although the food is not out of this world amazing at Mon Ami Gabi on the strip - the location and price more than make up for it. 

It's right opposite the Belaggio fountains and if you're lucky and ask for a table near the windows you can see the show every 15 minutes as you eat which is pretty amazing. 

We had the steaks and fries - which were ok. The steak is a very thin, long cut so it's not the most tasty but it's filling. The fries are slightly odd - they are more like shavings of a potato, or I'm afraid reminded me a bit of old toenails! But again lots of them and fill you up. 

To be honest compared to some of the places in Vegas and the prices you pay if you're looking for a nice atmosphere, central location and a good feed then you cant go wrong with Mon Ami Gabi.We are locals and came here on our anniversary on 3/31/15.  We had very high hopes for this restaurant.  We waited for outside dining since it was a beautiful night and our anniversary. 

We started off by ordering the shrimp cocktail appetizer.  It was average.  We got 5 pieces of shrimp.  One of the pieces of shrimp had a very odd texture to it almost like it had frostbite rubbery but dry texture to it.

For dinner, I ordered the scallop dinner which came with brussel sprouts and pureed butternut squash.  The scallops were VERY sandy and did not care for the taste of the butternut squash.

My husband ordered the Grilled Chicken Paillard.  The chicken was good, but it came with some type of squash that was extremely dry, lacked flavor and was overly charred from the broiler.  It was inedible.  

Service from the waiter was average.  We got better service from the individual who brought our bread and beverages. The waiter never once asked me if my meal was good.  

Unfortunately, this is not somewhere we will come again and it's even more unfortunate we received very poor meals on our anniversary.

On a positive note, the ambiance of sitting outside was wonderful.  We had a beautiful view of the Fountains at the Bellagio and it was a great spot to people watch, but unfortunately won't be a place we come back to.Easy to get a last minute reservation to this restaurant so we had dinner here on Saturday night.  I ordered the Filet Mignon - Merlot Butter & Red Wine Reduction.  Our entire table of 4 ordered that but our steak came out cold.  I would really prefer to have my steak nice and hot where I have to watch out burning myself with the plate.  The baguette that they serve to the table was very good.  Overall, an okay experience.  "Cheap" for Vegas standards.Pros: 
-good location right across the street from the Belagio fountain 
-ample seating especially if you're ok with sitting inside v. Patio

Cons:
-despite ample seating, refused to seat us when 4 of 6 people were present
-ordered our steaks medium and got all 4 of them WAY BEYOND WELL DONE (the steaks were grey amd rubbery and this is supposed to be what theyre known for???)
-1 persons frites were too salty and the other 3 werent salted at all
-service was slow, like slow as molasses. 

Take away: skip this place, not worth it :(3.5 stars - food is good but service is spotty

We are here for a conference and took a customer for lunch.  We all enjoyed our food but the service was spotty.  I had to ask for refills for our empty wine glasses when we ordered a bottle.  One person didn't drink so got soda and I had to remind the server several time to give my guest more soda.

We ordered:
1. Escargot
2. Smoked Salmon
3. Warm Brie
4. Scallops
5. Fish of the day (Sea Bass)
6. Burger and Fries
7. Seafood crepe
8. Bottle of Montrachet

The food are good and I would come back for lunch.  I hope to get better service on my next visit!Before hitting the road to return home, my family and I decided to have our final Vegas meal here at Mon Ami Gabi.  It was an adorable french style restaruant with an outside dining area that was identical to the parisian sidewalk cafes.  It was packed so we ended up sitting inside, which worked out well since we were hungry and had no time to waste waiting on an outdoor table.  The menu had a couple of different items that looked appetizing, such as salads and sandwiches, but I decided to order the Quiche Lorraine.  When the food came out, my quiche looked fluffy and delicious. It tasted great and I had no complaints, but my sister was a different story.

My sister ordered the same thing as me, only her quiche was flat and over cooked.  When she cut it open the inside looked nothing like my fluffy, yellow, perfectly cooked pie.  She ended up sending it back and ordering another one, which was much better but still not quite on par with mine.  Aside from the quiche issue and the fact that it took a while tor our food to be delivered, we enjoyed our time there.ehhh......
a group of friends and I came here on our last morning before leaving Vegas.  I got the Gabi Chopped Salad with chicken and it really wasnt that good, especially for $15.  It sounded delish but ehh...  3 of my friends were in the mood for a really good crepe so they ordered the mushroom and chicken crepe.  They all hated it.  I took a bite and it was pretty nasty.  Someone else got the ham and cheese crepe and it was supposidly better than the mushroom crepe.  Another person got a burger but threw a fit because they didn't have American cheese.  The fit was stopped when he ordered a virgin pina colada and about died it was so good.  The last person ordered one of the steaks and frites and he really liked it.  They all said the frites were kind of weird though.

I would give this place 2 stars but the 3rd star is from the build-your-own bloody mary. mmm it was delicious!!  you could add celery, pepper, bell peppers, onions, carrots..i forget what else but the bloody mary was great.   the veggies were actually pretty wilted and not very fresh though, but whatever.My friends and I were very excited to try this place and surprises that on opentable, we were able to make a lunch reservation the day of! 
We ordered the soup of the day (cream of potato) and onion soup to start off with. I loved the cream of potato soup!! If you want something creamy and savory, I definitely recommend it! I also enjoyed the onion soup, but I was not a huge fan of the baked cheese on top. 
I ordered the eggs Benedict which came with Canadian bacon and a side of hash browns. I found the hash brown to be really cold when it came out, and the English muffin was extremely hard- I couldn't cut it so I just ended up eating the top part. It was just too burnt. 
My friends orders were delicious though! Especially the chicken sandwich- I will definitely order that if I were to come here again! It also comes with a side of fries, which were crispy and perfectly seasoned. 
I also tried the grilled cheese and mushroom and chicken crepe. They were delicious and perfectly cooked.
One downside is that after placing our order, we decided we wanted to try the fries and ordered it from our waiter. He failed to mention that the two of our dishes came with fries and we had no idea, so we had 3 fries for 4 people and it was way too much. 
We tried the creme brûlée for dessert and it was good! Creamy in the middle and crispy on top. 

Try to sit on the patio for a wonderful view of the strip and the Fountains of Bellagio!Obviously, this restaurant has a great location to dine across from Bellagio and the fountains, to gawk and gander, as people from all walks of life pass by on the Strip. You can't help but feel a little snobbish eating on the elevated patio, munching on croissants. You start speaking with a French accent, point your nose in the air, and let out a big snort. Okay, maybe not.

On a weekday around 9 am, it was nice that a few tables out in the patio were available for us. Spring time in Vegas is definitely a great time for outdoor dining, before the heat and humidity in the summer rolls around. I'd be sweatin' like a mad man, all the water misty machines in the world wouldn't prevent me from melting.

Right off the bat, service was pretty bad. After putting our menus away, we sat for a good amount of time, before my wife flagged somebody down. She noticed other people who sat down after us, already getting served. I could see her vein popping out from her forehead as that happened. Uh oh, not a good sign.

Finally when our waitress came around, we got around to ordering our food. I went for the Eggs Benedict, while she went for the breakfast sandwich. My wife seemed to enjoy her food, and I enjoyed my breakfast. I don't usually have eggs benedict too often, but I was definitely reminded at how heavy the dish is. It was good, but everything just seemed a bit bland. 

Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience because of the nice view. Of course, prices are on the high side because of it. I'm glad to have to tried this place for breakfast, perhaps we'll have to give dinner a shot sometime. But with so many other choices in Vegas, it might be tough to return.Sat at bar for about 10 minutes and the bartender never even once looked in my direction to acknowledge me.This place sucks. We ordered a seafood platter for $49 (2 half lobster, 4 tiny oysters, salmon salad, 3 shrimps) and a caramelized sea scallop $25. The scallops were the worst ever! There were 4 scallops, pretty big, but they were definitely over grilled that all I could taste is bitterness! Won't recommend this place.We came here because of the good reviews. Ordered seafood platter, we got small dried oysters, half of a lobster which was cut into another half.  The waiter tho, fat, rude, mid 30s to mid 40s with beard/mustache, if you got him, move table or eat somewhere else.  The guy never ask if we want to refill our drinks which of course we were thirsty as hell. He got want he wanted, not much tip.  I would not recommend this place to anyone and will not go back there ever.HUGE disappointment. My friends and I came here with a big party for a birthday dinner. The restaurant was dark and classy looking, a cool atmosphere that we def were looking for. Unfortunately, if we had known the service was going to be so freakin slow or that the food was going to taste like the whole salt shaker had been dropped into it, I'm pretty sure we would've opted for another restaurant. 

I shared the pasta and French onion soup with a friend. I didn't think the pasta was that salty but my friend kept insisting it was. But when the French onion soup came, I tasted the salt. AND BOY WAS IT SALTY. I couldn't really eat it alone since it was too salty so I tried eating it with the bread that the restaurant served. Even that was still too much. I basically ended up stuffing myself with just the bread and butter that night. Oh, and water, of course. 

After our half-eaten food was taken from us, I think our table waited a good 30min-1hr waiting for our check. Yes, I understand it takes awhile to split a big group's check, but it shouldn't take a waiter that long to even come to our table and start the annoying process of splitting and making sure who got what. We had places to be and waiting at our table for that long put us all in a grumpy mood. 

I really hope the service isn't that slow for smaller tables. Even if the service had been faster, I prob wouldn't come back since I don't need that much salt in one meal.Amazing view to Bellagio fountain show if you seat outside, the service ok but the food...tho not horrible tasting, steak is pretty awesome BUT both times I ate there I ended up in the hospital...yeah! Intense so when I was forced to go there again for a third time and refused to eat anything my friend who did eat the same awesome steak ended up in the hospital...what's wrong w their food?!!I did not have what the server indicated they are famous for, which is the steak. I had a salad which was supposed to be kale but was actually spinach on top of a poorly seasoned and very tough chicken breast for an exorbitant price. I also had the zucchini gazpacho which was good but cost far more than the value warranted. I suppose you pay for the ambiance if sitting outdoors beside the strip qualifies. I doubt I will ever return and would not recommend it to anyone.We had a great time here. It's a nice restaurant. They didn't mind that our party had children. We were seated off in a corner, which was fine. Service was good. The bread to start was great. 
Everyone in my party enjoyed their food. Children were unimpressed with the kids burgers and the odd buns cut out in a circle shape. 

I wasn't impressed with my steak and fries. I ordered medium. It was served well done. Very salty and hard in my option. Not worth $30 ($40 with tax and tip).  My family seemed to enjoy it. I would not return.We went there for my fiancé birthday I asked a host to bring a cake for him she had a bad attitude and  no body brought anything for him food was just okay !Average food for an average price. No offense but the decorum of the restaurant totally gives off a vibe of a good classy time, but the food just doesn't measure up. 

Ordered the roasted chicken and fritas, the chicken came out too dry. Its a roasted herb chicken, every italian, american restaurant serves some version of this--so you can only manage my disappointment when they screw this up. It was too bland and to sort of juice/sauce component to go with the chicken. 

Do not get the trout. If you eat a lot of seafood, you will be able to tell instantly the fish is not up to par. The trout came out thin and too over dressed with the lemon and capers. Capers is incredibly overpowering thereby masking any fresh seafood taste this dish might have had. 

The Beef Bourguignon is also another version of beef stew, if that tickles your fancy. 

Bread came in paper bags... enough said. 

Service: moderate, there were times where it was impossible to flag down a waiter/ess.Good food , but being French I can tell you don't expect to have the same food then the actual Paris city . Nice bistrot . Good for a simple lunch .There is one great reason to eat here, and that's the perfect view of the Bellagio fountain. Sit outside on the patio and enjoy every 15 minutes (in the evening). Other than that -- it's just OK. The decor looks great, but the food is underwhelming at the price. 

We got a fresh baguette served with a strange cole slaw and seasoned butter. Middle of the road.

I had the hangar steak frites, ordered medium, delivered medium rare, sans steak knife. I was disappointed by the fries, which are nothing like I've had in France or Belgium. More like crispy potato noodles. Tasty, but not what I was expecting. The cognac sauce was a tad bitter.

My husband ordered the mustard salmon and said it was good, but not great. It was served on a bed of potato puree that he said was rather bland. The entrees did not include a vegetable. 

Overall, we spent $70+ for a so-so meal with a great view. That's Vegas in a nutshell.Our group somehow hit this place at their worst.  Our order was lapped by neighbouring tables that came, ordered, ate, paid, and left before our food showed up. When my french toasted arrived it was raw batter on one side and the blueberries where still frozen.Not sure what all the fuss is about, absolutely great location, however, the food was eh, the service hit and miss. We had happy hour cocktails, nice house rose champagne, beer selection was on the short side. The appetizer plate was sparse, actually served us dried bread on our cheese plate, it was less than enthusiastic. The warm olives were nice, served in a deep bowl very generous, really added a nice touch. Like I said great location. That's about all, not a huge fan.It's so difficult to pick a place to eat in Vegas with the multitude of options. I guess a packed house, like one is sure to see at Mon Ami, is a good sign.

I found the bread to be stellar and a cute display (served as baguette style, as one would find in France; although in France, they don't have paper bags for their baguettes. I'm just sayin'). I had beef bourguignon and I bet even Julia Chiles would be proud of this version. Although, she might have been disappointed by my noodles that were waaaaaaay too soft.

I'm pretty disappointed by my cocktail. How can a French restaurant mess up a French 75? 

The ambiance was nice with the heaters, the music and the Bellagio fountain show. I did feel a bit crowded on the patio though. There was little space to move. 

All in all, I would like to have my money back to try an equally expensive restaurant with a higher quality food and experience. You know Vegas has it. When you find it, let me know.This used to be my favorite but now has lost its lovin feeling. Slow service rude waiters. View is still good. Not worth the wait and very cramped with tables. Only a few inches from may table to the next. Staff appears not to care anymore. This place is off my list. Too many other great restaurants in town.Just had one of the most tender fillets ever and I never order that cut of beef. The Bordelaise sauce was very weak: light and runny and the garlic spinach bland.  Rating low for food but the atmosphere and friendly service rock.
Returned for dinner the other night.  The French Onion soup was fantastic; prepared classically .  Sweet broth and gooey Gruyere.  Our chicken entrees we're pretty bland.  My portion was cooked nicely, still moist but no seasonings at all.  Come on- put some herb de Provence or at least as&up on the bird.  It was served in a boat style dish which made it hard to eat. Mashed pots and side veg just ok.What I Ordered: It was lunch, but I was feeling like eating brunch food so I ordered the Seafood Crepes. It consisted of a crepe with large, grilled shrimp and scallops with a cream sauce. The crepe contained peas and a cream filling. The dish was topped off with fresh raw spinach. 

What I Thought: The crepe was light and tasted great with the peas and cream sauce. The shrimp was seasoned well and tasted good, but a little overcooked. The scallops were my favorite part. It was cooked perfectly, seasoned well, and had a nice crust on it. 

Overall: I thought the dish was good, but seemed to lack that oomph. Really this dish should be 3.5 stars if Yelp would let me. The restaurant itself is situated in a cool spot overlooking the strip across from the Bellagio Fountains.Went for dinner - Service was excellent.

Starters were overpriced (escargot - tasty but not worth the cost), sea bass was overcooked and possibly gone bad, - sent back after one bite and didn't bother replacing with a different dish.  Rib eye steak frites had a decent steak but disappointing, thin, unevenly cooked frites.  

Loud, dark atmosphere before 8:30pm seemed a bit mis-matched with the vibe the menu was trying to set.  I would still try again for breakfast based on other reviews but wouldn't go back for dinner, even at a discount...Great location and upscale bistro environment. Served great french bread and corn relish upon arrival. Had the stuffed pork chops with caramelized onions. Very tasty, albeit very small portion--- 3 slices. The salad was disappointing... unremarkable dressing and lack of presentation. The service was great... our waiter was attentive and informative. It's the cost ratio for me here... basic french... nothing mouth -tingling! If I wanted a steak, I would probably go elsewhere.The wine was sub-par, if not straight out bad. The tagine is a glorified tomato soup and the tartare is mediocre. We left before desert. This whole place is extremely overpriced as it is. There are way better alternative on the strip. 

This place does not deserve its current 4+ rating.Mon Ami Gabi is far from being a FRENCH Steackhouse as they like to advertise but it is a descent but expensive American diner. As we sat, we were offered ice cold water and a French baguette and butter. Delicious, but I didn't have a bread plate... I wanted green tea, but they didn't have any so I just had water. My guest had a $14 mimosa... Better sip it slowly. 
We shared the escargot dish and my friend had the quiche Loraine and I had the tagine and though it was huge, it wasn't great. 
When my guest got his coffee it was delivered without a spoon and we had to ask for it. 
The waitress was either careless or it was just a coincidence, but I wasn't thrilled by the service and only once I paid my $77 lunch bill, I realized that the restaurant isn't part of the Paris hotel property so you don't get points and you can't even use your reward card. 
I highly suggest to eat inside as you get the AC and still enjoy a nice view of the Bellagio. 
Overall I thought the staff was just a bunch of young inexperienced girls that couldn't care less about their customers. Maybe you have to be drunk to truly appreciate this restaurant.I came here for the steak frites because I was in the mood for some steak frites and I got my steak frites. And sure they have outdoor dining where you can look at everyone walking down the strip, but that didn't matter since I was on the hunt for some steak frites.

But at the end...it was just ok.
I have had some steak frites before and had some really good ones including the Paris version in Relais: http://www.yelp.com/biz/relais-de-l-entrec%C3%B4te-paris-3#hrid:1iL8osb1Dx8fjln2JegOBA/src:self

Although this place does have the steak frites...it wasn't the same or better than the Relais version. It was good, but nothing worth getting all excited about. But if you're in Vegas and you want some "steak and frites" then this place is probably you're best bet. 

I did like their Bananas Foster Crepes which I had for dessert. They have other desserts too like profiteroles au chocolat, and creme brulee. And besides the steak frites, they also serve brunch here too.

I managed to get a table because I made reservations in advance, otherwise you would probably have to wait awhile as I noticed a lot of people loitering out in the hotel lobby area. So again, make reservations here.We went here because of the mass reviews on Yelp. Let me just say that the reasons why this place is getting a one star is because the bad service we got from our server Efrain M. He made us feel comfortable at all! There was no Hello, how are you, just grumpy what do you want kind of attitude. I used to waiter but even on my bad day, I would leave all that at the door. We ordered the Ahi Tuna Burger and The Prime Steak Sandwich (which was pretty much the only thing that cheer me up) the Scallops felt like it was a couple days old, and the Seafood Crepe was not very apetizing. Seafood tasted smelly and old! The Chicken Bri Sandwich looks like they pilled a bunch of S on it. But worst of all, this place is so OVERATED! Don't go here unless you want to eat mostly SH***Y food and crappy service. Stay AWAY!!!I was very unimpressed with both the food and service. So unimpressed and indifferent that I can't think of anything else to say than I just didn't like it.This is about my 5th visit of Mon Ami Gabi. The menu has changed slightly and they no longer have the baked Brie, but they do have some fun new stuff like a "pulled pork bahn mi" (not very French, but it was tasty). 

Steak frites is always a safe option and it comes with a variety of sauces to choose from. My favorite is still the au poirve, which is the peppercorn brandy sauce. The baguette they serve you is very tasty and I try very hard to not fill up on it, but how can you owe up a hot and fresh baguette?

The country pate is also quite yummy but mild in flavor, which I don't mind. It comes with area pieces of toasty bread, whole grain mustard, a few sprigs of fresh watercress, and well as a variety of pickled items. It's a yummy starter to share, but a little much to eat all on your own as a starter. 

Decent French food on the strip with a magnificent view of Bellagio's water show. Opt to sit outdoors for this.So... I was rather excited to try this place.. but two stars because "Meh. I've experienced better." Food was very mediocre and I feel like it's just a tourist trap. I got the Salmon and my coworker ordered the filet mignon, both of which were not impressive what so ever. My cocktail was okay, nothing exciting. The best part of the place was sitting on the strip, people watching while watching the fountains at the Bellagio. Needless to say, I will not be returning.Went to this restaurant because a friend wanted to try and had made a reservation for us there. Somehow we still had to wait with reservations... Considering it was a french restaurant with a large amount of review I figured it was okay to have high standards. Boy was I wrong. 

Hospitality was great, very accommodating to change my order without any further questions. 

I order the Chicken Grandmere and it came out too salty and dry. It was so dry I drank 2 glass of water and gave up after eating maybe an eighth of it. The waiter was generous to switch my order to the Chicken Paillard which came very fast! However the chicken was again dry and the flavor just didn't taste right. 

After we left, I went to McD to get myself a 10 piece nugget meal.Cocktails were tasteless and the people at the front desk are ridiculous and rude. Our waitress was a plus as she was very attentive and patient. Wish I got her name!Called ahead and they refused to give a wait estimate over the phone. I'm visiting from out of state, I guess this is common practice in the west and I don't understand it. I know that wait times are only an estimate and can change quickly. Very frustrating that they won't share this info over the phone.

Ended up walking by on my way to another restaurant that shared wait info and I saw many empty tables outdoors.Let's just say 1 star sums it all up! Our small group weekend brunch was very disappointing. We waited an hour for food even though they weren't busy, our server was never around probably cause he knew the gratuity was included, and most importantly the food was very underwhelming. Fyi the chef needs to learn about using salt for starters. Only good thing to say is they have gluten free bread. Won't ever be back though!We took our parents to Vegas and to Mon Ami Gabi for my mom's 70th birthday. Based on the reviews, we were looking forward to a good steak dinner. We ordered the standard "steak" which was probably a cheap tough steak pounded thin to make it tender but we still had a lot of tough pieces that had to be left on the plate. My mom ordered hers cooked medium and it came out well done and dry. The rest of us ordered medium rare and we got medium well but at least it was more edible than our mom's. The only thing nice was that they brought a little cream puff dessert for my mom since it was her birthday, which was stated on the reservation. And because we had a reservation, we got a seat by the window which was nice. The waitress was not very attentive, almost ignored us, compared to other waiters in the place. We ordered appetizers, red wine and cocktails so it was not a cheap dinner. Overall it was disappointing since it did not live up to other reviews. Service was mediocre at best.. I would not recommend this restaurant and I would not go back there. That goes for all of us that were there that night.Food is still great but the service was a bit slow. Plus the nerve of them to get rid of the bloody mary bar. that mad me a bit sad.
Beautiful spot as always.I would not recommend this place to anyone, very bad management, poor quality, they need customer service training.Hate to say it and, it may just be us but, we've been going here for years and our last visit, this past Friday, was very disappointing. They changed the menu, fine, but, the rough cut frites (they even show them in a picture here on Yelp) of old seemed to be regular fries, done twice, etc. and OK but, didn't seem to be the same as in the past.

Service was good and again, not to whine but, the food came out awfully fast and lukewarm making it seem that perhaps it was prepared in advance?

Anyway, nice knowing you Mon Ami Gabi, we wish you hadn't changed.Come for the view, and stay for the... well, the view. The atmosphere is good especially on a breezy summer night, with the Bellagio water fountain show playing across the street. Service can be mixed, I've waiting for nearly 50 minutes for my food to arrive, and I've also had almost no wait.

Definitely come here for the ambiance, especially in the evening. Food is not bad, but not memorable either.I've been here before and loved it, but this last time (last month actually) was just ok. I remember they used to have a juicy burger on their menu, which is gone. Fries are yummy. But I just was not impressed. I think it's great if you can get a table outside to face the Bellagio fountains, but inside it's kind of loud and not my favorite. Definitely better dinner spots in Vegas. I do love their name though.PROS: The steaks are very delicious and their Wine selection is excellent.
Customer service from all the staff is great. The patio has a great view of the fountain show across the street.

CONS: Very expensive!!!!!!

As a first time eating at this place is great but wont be back due to being too expensive.Very nice restaurant with a beautiful view. At the entrance you are met, escorted to the table. Takes an order one person, removes another from the table. But, the service is bad. Tables are dirty, food is standard for tourists. The menu is weak. People will always go to such a place because of the sight. But if you want to taste fine French cuisine, go to another restaurant. Coffee is not tasty. The restaurant in order to surprise the girl with whom you came to Vegas.Expensive. They told us that if one person of our party of six didn't come by ten minutes after our reservation, we would lose our reservation. It was stupid because he told us what he wanted to order too! I don't really understand why we couldn't be seated? Anyways, he made it so we got seated outside.

I would definitely recommend getting seated outside. It was super nice and relaxing rather than the really fancy place inside... My friend and I split the sea bass, which was a special and it was okay. I wouldn't recommend it and it was over $30.

I DEFINITELY would recommend the french onion soup. That is why I am giving this place a 3 star WITH the view from outdoors and the ability to people watch (I mean it is Vegas after all....)OK enough food....on the rather expensive side for the quality and quantity of fare.  It's more of a "food factory" than it is a satisfying overall dining or culinary experience.  Best way to describe this place:  Average Vegas middle of the road strip hotel restaurant food.  As for being French?  Well, it's really in name only and would maybe fool the person who's never left Las Vegas their whole life.  It would be perfect if there were Groupons for this place....25 for 50 or 20 for 40 would help make it worthwhile.I wish I could give 5 starts to this place!
I live in Vegas and go there a lot because the food is spectacular. The goat cheese appetizer in always in my request. But unfortunately the service is not as good as the food. I had some friends celebrating their wedding and they love Mon Ami Gabi that they decided to go there every day of their stay, but the third and last time they went there they could't stand the bad service and left before their food got at the table. I was really disappointed that this happened, because I said just good things about the placeI was excited to go here because of the 4 star reviews on Yelp, but ended up disappointed. I ordered the steak and fries. I thought hey, thin cut fries! They'll be sooo crispy, like potato chips! Yay! But in fact, the fries were.. Chewy. I didn't know that you can make potato chewy. As for the steak, it was way too salty for me. I didn't really enjoy my steak or fries. The service was quick and good though.This place was recommended by a foodie friend for brunch. Unfortunately our schedule didn't allow for brunch, so we opted to try it for dinner. A Yelp tip indicated that patio seating outdoors is available on a first-come first-serve basis. So, I made a reservation for the restaurant on OpenTable, but when we arrived since there was patio seating available we sat outside. Being seated outside gives you a view of the Bellagio Fountain show which goes off every 30 or 15 minutes depending on the time of day. There are outdoor heaters available so it isn't too chilly.

The food is standard but it isn't outstanding. I ordered a Steak Frites "Hanger" Steak. The steak itself was a good cut but it was over cooked for a medium - turned out to be a very well done. The fries were like shoestring fries and crispy and were tasty. We also ordered a Duck and Pork Belly Cassoulet. Again, the meat was over cooked. 

However, I don't think you necessarily go to this restaurant for dinner to enjoy the food but rather the view. I'll have to try the brunch next time I am at Las Vegas.Man, I hate to write this review since I've had such good experiences with this restaurant for lunch/brunch and dinner in the past, but, our dinner experience last night was pretty darn bad! It was my husbands 30th bday, which they knew, and at a restaurant like this I'd expect them to pay extra attention to you, especially a party of eight.

Our table was so so cramped. It probably was meant for 6 max. Our waiter was a nice guy but I felt he rushed us in the beginning and almost was giving us a sales pitch for food that night and even for the next morning. It was way too much talking and he didn't even make sure everyone could hear him (it was super noisy). For the rest of the night he was very scarce. I understand it's a busy restaurant but i wished he would have checked on us more.

The other waitress we had broke the cork of a very expensive magnum of red wine we brought to celebrate my husbands birthday. She didn't even apologize but just looked at us helplessly and we never saw her again. The red was never decanted. The white wine we brought was never chilled. We poured the wine most of the time by ourselves.

I heard others in my party complaining about missing silverware, napkins, forgotten sides, etc. I can't speak for the other entrees but my wild boar ragu wasn't very good. The noodles were flat and super weird, not what you traditionally get with any pasta I've ever had and I've had a lot of Italian. 

Basically by the end of the meal no one wanted dessert and we all just wanted to leave. I'm disappointed because I'm usually such a fan. Won't be coming back here. Gabi, you are not Mon Ami anymore :(I guess the French chefs at Mon Ami Gabi don't know how to make turkey! (Nor filet mignon)

We went there for Thanksgiving. They had a prix fixe menu for the occasion that comes with all the standard Thanksgiving items (turkey, yam, stuffing, gravy, etc), as well as the rest of the menu they usually have. My wife ordered the prix fixe, and found the turkey to be so salty that it was uneatable, on top of being over cooked around the edges. The gravy itself was also very salty. The only thing good on the menu was the yam, which ended up being her entire dinner. We were in a rush to catch a show, so we didn't have time to ask the chef to re-make it or bring out something else, although I'm sure for Thanksgiving, the turkey is already made in batches, and probably over-brined, which means they couldn't make it less salty if they wanted to at that point. 

I myself ordered the filet mignon off of their regular menu. The filet itself was just ok, also quite salty, although still eatable. However, it makes you wonder why we're paying these prices if I can grill a better filet at home myself. The sides on the plate around the filet was simply a huge portion of fried shredded curly potatoes, that had no taste, but full of grease. It was all over the plate around the filet, all curly, looking like pubic hair... absolutely not appetizing. 

I have been to many many French restaurants. Some more expensive, some less, so I feel like I have a good idea of what level of food goes with the level of price. For the level of quality at Mon Ami Gabi, I would have to say the food is far from being able to justify the price.I got creme brulee delivered to me.. tasted good but they straight up just splattered it into a box. And barely gave us enough for 2 people.The food was decent. Servicer was terrible. They charge me for two bottles I stole ..... Wtf .Not good, not very flavored I was expecting something different, service was ok ... I came to try the scargots they were ok the best dish is definitely the onion soup...Many of the reviews rave about the outdoor seating and the view of bellagio's water. However, IMHO, coming at it from the foodie point of view, Mon Ami Gabi was a disappointment. We had a lacklustre experience here. Even though the restaurant was not full, the food took forever. The   baguette was warm and crusty, delicious. We also got the baked goat cheese which was rich and decadent with garlic bread. The goat cheese sat in a dish of tomato bisque, prefect for dipping. But that was all that was good. 
We got the recommended Chicken Paillard, a pounded pan fried chicken breast sitting on a supposed basil aioli send with salad. First, the chicken was underseasoned. And the basil aioli was not what it was supposed to be. It was very bitter with only a slight hint of some herb. When we told or server that it was bitter, she reiterated what it was supposed to be and walked away. The salad had greens and pickled beets which were extremely sour. 
I got the recommended wild boar ragu cencioni pasta. The pasta was good and the ragu was ok. Nothing to wrote home about and certainly not worth  the pricing.Good service, and good food but didn't get a candle on anything for my birthday so I was a lil disappointed. I had seen people get something with a candle on yelp. Main reason I picked this place because I wanted a little special moment. 
Salad was great! everything else was worth it minus the shot a ballys for $10The server was good, atmosphere was wonderful and I was surrounded by great friends. My choice for lunch unfortunately did not stand out. I had a sandwich and it was basically a slice of toasted bread with roast beef, poached egg and spinach on the side. It also came with french fries which was the highlight of my meal. Maybe I am ordering all the wrong things but it was nothing special.I might be biased, considering my last trip was to paris- the real paris not vegas paris.. 
Oh gosh- a pounded piece of meat with a "bernaise sauce" made with cheap wine, cooking oil and dried tarragon. Not my cup of tea! 
a warm brie slice the width of a cracker- microwaved with 3 pieces of brioche- wth?! 
A bunch of people either wearing tennishoes with cameras around their necks or dressed like hookers. I dined at appoximately 9 pm- a bit early for prostitution, don't you think?
The best part of my meal was the wine- priced at a very reasonable 9/glass. The service was good, but I dont think I will ever, ever, ever visit again.Three stars for the managers fantastic attitude and the great view of the fountains. Otherwise they would get 1 star. (Only because I can't give 0)
Three diners in our party. All ordered some version of steak fritte, roasted vegetables, sautéed mushrooms, and spinach. 
All of the food was cold. All of it. So they replaced it... With cold food. 
So we sent it back.
 This time the manager said he'd personally ensure it was hot. Guess what. All of it was cold. Unbelievable.
 Three free dinners.The restaurant was located in a decent place, in front of the Bellagio's fountain, however, the service was poor and below average expectations. The waiter was rude and unprofessional! His manager was also ignorant of our concern. To me, they were not trained of a well customer service. I dont recommend this restaurant.Its a bit overpriced, but normal for Vegas. The food is ok, we eat both steak, the classic and the butcher. It's nothing special, if you find nothing else to eat then you can go there. But pls not if you want a delicious meal.Knowing exactly what this place is - will help manage your expectations.  It's good, with a very crowded and nice bustling atmosphere.  Very good service and generous wine pours however the food is as expected for a large, strip showcasing restaurant.  We found it  typical chain restaurant fair.    A $45 (or $54, I can't remember) Bone in Rib Eye - was totally sub-par.  Cooked correctly but without aged beef flavor and texture. Lacked serious substance a good steak should have.  Accompanying Bearnaise was light and tasty.  Mussels had great flavor but were teeny tiny and many of the shells were empty.  

Bread was served nicely and was tasty as was the butter.  Pomme Frites were delish and just salty enough.  

As I said, if you manage your expectations, this place will not disappoint.  Fun and touristy but lacking real foodie substance.The first part of this experience was awful. I had to deal with a rude hostesses named Candice. She was in charge of the outside seating. I will never go back just for the way she treated me tonight. I did eventually have a table inside of the restaurant and the server was awesome! I would give him 5 stars, but this blonde hostess with bad roots made the decision for me never to return. There are a lot of choices on the strip. Doesn't this lady realize that?Mon Ami CRAPPY

Ugh... Who rated this place 5 stars ? Came here on a mini trip, no drinking at all the night before , all my taste buds were intact and every single One displeased and disappointed by the food .

Steak frites with blue cheese. While the flavor of the steak had a nice, smokey taste, the quality of the meat was the most disappointing meat I've ever had. Slightly over cooked and so gristly and veiny I could only imagine the sole purpose for this kind of quality meat would serve only as ground meat for dog food. Maybe a low grade like Purina? Just terrible ? Also the cold bland dry frites really don't compliment the dish either .

We also has the quiche which was fluffy but lacking salt as flavor. The bacon inside was so dry and overlooked it was like gnawing on bacon jerky. Looked for the salt, none to be found on our table. No pepper either . Served some bitter arugula without even a splash of dressing , oil or flavor . Took a bite of bitter leaves and realized I would leave disappointed in every way. Sadly this is supposed to be a French restaurant and they don't even have a solid quiche. Half the staff walk by and don't even look your way, halfway a through our meal our waitress reappeared, we didn't see her again until we were ready for the check.

The highlight ? The butter , but the bread was incredibly hard . Le sigh.

Food + experience = 2.5 

Has the quality of the food and service gone down after a solid 4 stars and 5k reviews ? Who knows? I sure won't be back to try again.There is a waiting line if u want to dine on the patio, you can wait at the bar and spend $11 for a Mimosa or spend your money gambling in the casino. Or just wait till the buzzer calls you, but then, why did you come to Vegas for? Great place to people watch and have an overpriced sliced tomato with some stinky cheese called salad. The quiche is good too, if you like quiches. You get a baguette and some butter to start with, but don't spend too much, just enjoy the good weather and the funny dressed tourists taking pictures of the Eiffel tower.The main reason we selected this restaurant was to dine on the patio and watch the lovely fountain show across the street at the Bellagio so our expectations on food and service weren't terribly high. In the end, we left quite pleased with our  brunch experience.

We started the meal with  a carafe of their version of sangria which was delicious and not too sweet as well as the baked goat cheese. I was a bit surprised by the goat cheese as it was served at the center of an interesting tomato sauce and I had never seen that before. It came with crispy garlic bread which was good but I preferred it with the  baguette that was served at the on set of the meal. 

For our entrees, we opted for a chicken sandwich with caramelized onions and sliced apples and a cobb salad. The sandwich was really a let down. The ciabatta roll it was served on drowned out all of the potentially good flavors and overall the flavors were on the sweet side. The salad however was delicious with fresh avocado, turkey, crispy bacon. The house dressing was a great compliment. 

For the location on the strip, the prices were very reasonable and we left happy. All in all a very decent place to grab a bite and take in the sights of Vegas.Coming here for many years and this is my first bad experience. The food was still great, but the service and the new policy of not allowing you to have a sample tasting of wine before ordering , spoiled my excitement about eating here again. We like to try different wines and the server interaction and suggestions about wine was always a highlight of the meal.The view, the scene, the fountains! The crap service and bland food? Yeah, let's be real here.

This place pulls in tourists more than Disney does little kids, so maybe that's why it has rave reviews (and more than 1,500 of them.)

I've never waited longer for wine to be brought to our table or for bread to be replenished. My chicken was dry and lacked any sort of spices or seasoning and my frites were cold. I wonder how long it all sat under the 'warmer' in the back.... my companions' dishes fared the same. Steak cooked not to order, simple fish and chips soggy and cold and mushroom soup that despite having mushrooms dotting the creamy base, overall tasted nothing like mushrooms - more like cream.

And CHRIST - can the waterboyman please NOT slosh the water and 500 cubes of ice across our entire table? 

If our clients were more business and less friendly, I would have been embarrassed by this choice in restaurant. Luckily, I'll never have to worry about that again because I will never come back to Mon Ami Chain Restaurant Gabi.The ambiance a incredible in the front window room that provides great views of the Bellagio fountains. The food and service could have been better if the server hadn't forgot our appetizer and the cut of steak was a bit more manageable. My cousin ordered at bone and got two separate small tbone medallions. Two bones means a lot less meat when you usu get your serving by the weight. All the other entrees were fine and well seasoned but you only get fries or mash as a side. Subbing veggies for the tater have an up charge.Terrible service. Nancy the managed shouldn't be working in a service industry. This is why we stay at other places. Don't eat hereSat outside to people watch. It's right in front of the Paris Hotel. Heaters outside are welcome. Had the French Onion Soup with gruyere. It was pretty good. Ordered the fish and frites. First off, the frites are outstanding. Some redneck behind me was asking whether frites was SPANISH for french fries. Err.. Anyways, the fish was pretty bland and was not very pretty either (I could pan fry a fish way better than that). I'll upload a picture later.

The waiter was a bit uninterested (Abraham). Says the same shtick to everyone.. "Where are you from?" "Oh, I used to live there a long time ago", and hurriedly rushes away as not to follow up.

If you must come here, I would say the Frites are yummy. But, this was my first and final time I'll eat here. I mean, out of a bazillion eateries in Vegas, why bother. Meh.The entire experience at Mon Ami Gabi was atrocious. I hate to pull the race card but our server, Angie, was extremely rude from the moment we sat down. We asked for the menu to order soup, but was ignored twice. Her attitude towards other customers is a stark contrast to the way she treated us. She did not attend to us at all, to ask how the food is or if we needed anything. She even eyed my friend up and down when she asked where the restroom was! No matter how great the food is, without satisfactory service, it pretty much amounts to nothing. Not to mention the food was mediocre. My brother and I lodged a complaint to a guy in a suit who turned out to be the manager. However, after explaining the entire situation, he merely told us that Angie has worked for him five years and a situation like this has not happened before. He then said that he would "let her know". After the compliant, we basically did not hear from the manager or receive an apology from Angie. It is obvious that we were not taken seriously by anyone in the restaurant other than the server who occasionally came to refill our glasses with water. Is it because of our age? The fact we were dressed a little more casual? Or that we were asians. This is not the standard I would expect from a 4 star restaurant on the strip with six thousand reviews on yelp. We dNot at all impressed! Their choices for sides with their steaks is paltry at best. Choices include sauteed vegetables and their shoe string fries, which apparently they are famous for, but lets be honest, they suck. If you are in Las Vegas, pick another restaurant since for the price, I expect to be "wow'd."Mon Ami Gabi is a beautiful place and one of these days, I will make it to the patio to enjoy a light lunch and people watch.

Unfortunately, last evening did not meet my expectations.  I had reservations for 3 at 6.30p to celebrate a friend's birthday. Since we had reservations, one would think we wouldn't have to wait in the walk-in line and take 20 minutes just to get to the front desk.  They did have another line for 'Patio Wait List' but evidently reservations are not their main concern.  So noted for future visits.

We were seated rather quickly once getting to the desk altho the waiting area was cramped and we were shuffled about as three servers made their way to the front who then were in our way to get through to be seated.  

That experience was not pleasant all around... but once seated, we had exceptional service by the wait staff.  After a few minutes and cocktails in hand, the 'seating experience' was left behind.

We ordered the Sea Scallops (friend said they were good), the Filet Mignon Merlot and mushrooms (birthday boy cleaned his plate so no complaint there) and I had the Steak Frittes Rouquefort.  Sad to say it was grisly and chewy and not up to par for the price paid for it.   I didn't complain so I can't say how it would have been handled, but I didn't eat half of it and did not ask for it to go.  A few bucks wasted there.

So ambiance and service once seated  4 stars.
Food and price:    2 stars
Seating process:  1 star
I will save any 5 stars for when I make it to the patio and NOT have steak.I really enjoyed this restaurant prior to my last visit.  The quality of food was lower than previous visits.  My husband's onion soup had an unappetizing proportion of cheese to soup. It was pretty much a big bowl of cheese.  I ordered the scallops which were overly salted and I tend to like my food a little more salty than others. 

We sat outside overlooking the fountain at the Bellagio which was awesome.  This place has a great view of the strip. 

While eating, my husband and I noticed an employee (we assumed a manager) who kept running around talking into a mouthpiece loudly about which stage of dining everyone was on. For example, "Just cleared apps." or "Currently on main dishes".  We both found this a little annoying. We waited for a table for over an hour and didn't want to feel rushed when it was our turn to eat.Many happy Yelp reviewers seem to have come here for breakfast or lunch. We went for dinner, so I can't speak to those reviews. We also came here in part, frankly, because it's given 4 stars on Yelp, yet the prices are a bit more moderate than at many of the fancy places (steak houses, etc.) on the Strip. We liked the atmosphere and lighting inside, and also the service. The location at Paris is very good too, with many people enjoying the views from their outside tables. However, the food at dinner time was nothing special or memorable. I have been to another Mon Ami Gabi location, and recall having had a better dinner there. There's obviously lots of food variety in Vegas, and next time we'll try a different place for dinner. Perhaps we would come here & sit outside, however, for breakfast or coffee/snack.The food was great. My friends and I came in for Saturday brunch. I ordered the chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe with a cup of black coffee (bottomless). I scarfed that crepe down!

On the downside, I was with a party of six. Because the gratuity was already included, I feel we got shafted since it took well over half an hour before we got our food.Very clearly explained my desire to sit outside. The person on the phone told me I could request it when I arrived for my reservation, instead of stating you do not need a reservation to sit outside. Two managers came and told me that they don't care and I'm screwed. So after waiting 3 hrs. for my incorrect reservation (she couldn't even spell my name correctly). I was told I needed to wait another hour and a half. Very disappointed. One of the managers said we are too busy to care about any mistakes we make or if anyone is upset.Next to Pink's this restaurant ranked the lowest on my Vegas extravaganza.  

The food is just "ok".  $26 for a 9oz hanger steak that is very slim and a giant helping of skinny pomme frites = I would rather go back to Wolfgang's for their food.  But then again this place is a one up over Pink's...

wait, I'm comparing this to Pink's Hot Dog?  that should be a sign. Skip if you can but if you must, sit outside, enjoy the warm baguette while looking at the water show.I expected so much more from this place. The food was ok. The French onion soup was the best thing. However, having to ask for sweetener three times by three different people for my iced tea had me thinking the $80 price tag for what we ordered was not worth it.My husband and I went to vegas for for my 30th birthday,so I got to pick where we ate(I am a self proclaimed foodie FYI). I was craving some great French food at a reasonable price,so after doing my research and checking reviews,I chose Mon Ami.
  When it comes to the food and simple but lovely presentation m,along with decor , two thumbs up but in terms of service we were not to impressed.Our waitress was not very pleasant nor did she ever check with us regarding food or provide refills without being asked. Be a waitress in the past I have the greatest deal of understanding when your a little busy and we all have bad days,however the truth of the matter is we are there for the tips and the least you can do is touch the table once ,provide refills and be pleasant. That was not our experiences. The hostess were at hospitable so not all bad, Those is mainly way I only chose 4 stars. I do attempt to be as impartial as possible with reviews,but to be honest I try not to be to harsh unless I have a real reason,mainly being that I find many on here that are to harsh on especially small business for insignificant mistakes.
   We mustn't forget the food now shall we. My husband and I decided to order the escargot and being the foodie I am it is slightly embarrassing that I have not yet enjoyed this dish. So this is my
Review as a first timer to escargot,we also order the trout almandine and the even brought some warm French bread in the cutest bread bag(such a nice touch).The bread was delicious and went wonderfully with the eacargot (a good paler cleanser from the rich taste),we rather enjoyed the escargot and would d finely try again. We then received our side salad in exchange of green beans which was incredibly plane with really no toppings just mostly lettuce and hardly any dressing( the waitress made it out to be with the $4 upcharge for getting the salad instead as if it was there regular size Salas's abundant with flavor and toppings,not so) . Upon taking my first few bites of the trout almandine with brown butter I was a little disappointed lack there of,of flavor. However eating some more I really. Egan to taste the subtle yet excellent flavors it had, I would give this 5 stars,so simple yet so perfect.
  After the meal we asked for the check and the waitress kept us waiting 20min ,very disappointed.
Do this being the end of the meal and just happens the end of my review everyone wants to know,Would we come back ? YES, absolutely if solely for the food and ambiance. Being the foodie I am I will not let one miserable waitress stand in the way of what I'm craving.The review is for independence day brunch. My family went this restaurant expecting a fine dining. Waited gladly and ordered food. Waited for almost an hour - drinking cups of coffee and getting baguettes. Asked how long we should wait, and the server said it will come out soon. Finally dishes came...
Exploded french onion soup - COLD
steak - COLD  
Quiche- COLD and hard outside warm in the core inside
Banana foster - COLD

Everything was cold. Probably forgot to bring dishes when they were already out there waiting to be served. Complained, and server apologized. Manager came and apologized and offered to make new dishes. 
We came yo vegas to have fun, not to wait for the food. We returned all dishes and were willing to pay whatever we touched. Restaurant charged us for coffee. We left tips for servers for apologizing at least.

Probably not going back, not worth my time or money.View and location are great. It was especially convenient because I was staying in the hotel. It wasn't the easiest process to make a reservation, the girls at hostess stand weren't the friendliest. When we got downstairs at our reservation time we still had to wait about 15 minutes. It was a little awkward because the bar was full of other people waiting, and we were a group of 7 waiting in a cramped dining area. There should be some additional seating by hostess stand for waiting or a better receiving/waiting area. 

Once we were seated it took a while for our waiter to come to us. We had to request bread. Took a while for the drinks to come out. Our waiter in general was not very personable and was missing for most of the time. So the restaurant is not so good on the timing. Views of course are amazing because of the Bellagio fountains. Even though it was too cold to sit outside we still had a great view from inside. 

Food wasn't memorable. Like other reviews, the food came out lukewarm for most of the table. Our group of 7 all ordered a steak meal, 6 out of 7 were disappointed. Sides were ok but not very memorable. Would definitely stay at the hotel again but wouldn't revisit this restaurant, although I enjoyed all the other restaurants on site.I was so excited to try the place because walking by the restaurant, the smell of the food wafting out of the restaurant smelled divine and I was craving fish. The atmosphere is quite cozy and chic. It is quite busy so service wasn't terrible but not as good as it could've been. 

I ordered the Escargots de Bourgogne and the Skate Wing. I had not had escargot in a really long time, so I HAD to try it but it was quite a disappointment. The garlic herb sauce for the escargot was extremely buttery to the point where I could feel the butter after wiping my mouth. Definitely not appealing. And the escargot was a bit on the chewy side. When the skate wing arrived the aroma was intoxicating. The texture was very light (similar to a tilapia type fish) and the flavors wasn't too overwhelming. I was not a fan of the capers (a bit on the tart side which was a little off putting with the dish) that came with the fish. The chips (made in-house) were extremely de-lish! Probably would buy a whole bag if I could.

For fish, this place is fantastic. Great atmosphere. Would definitely want to go back to try some other dishes as I'm a huge fan of french cuisine.They got us seated for lunch immediately and had our beverage order taken instantly. However, the appetizer (oysters) and the rest of the meal took some time. The Filet mignon was served with French fries. Steak was not so tender and lacked flavor, thus the reason I am giving it a 3 star rating.Really liked this restaurant for breakfast-- fantastic deal (especially for Vegas). We got TONS of food with our omelette entree (hash browns, thick toast, eggs) and it kept us full until pretty much dinner. The coffee is $4.00 but it's unlimited refills....I like my coffee super hot and it wasn't but I appreciated that they kept refilling. 

I would absolutely try again...Came here with a reservation for brunch:

Fruit boquet: I was expecting something rather large, since the waiter said it'd be bigger than the fruit plate. Out came half a cantaloupe, all diced up like a flower (pretty!) with a couple chunks of pineapple stuffed in between. I felt kinda ripped off since I was expecting a bigger variety of fruit. It was really hard to cut into the cantaloupe flower as well and it was an overload on cantaloupe. Definitely don't get this...huge rip off. The yogurt side was very creamy and the mint syrup was very light and refreshing though.

Gluten free toast: Tasted like real toast! The jam was very delicious (homemade?) and I actually enjoyed the toast very much...even if it was slightly over toasted.

Mushroom omelette: Full of flavor, but it was much too simplistic. Boyfriend said he could've made it at home for half the price with even more eggs!

Egg white omelette: It was pure egg white, nothing else. No veggies or extra ingredients...my friend was very disappointed in it. 

Overall, Mon Ami Gabi's food is executed well and visually appealing, but it's really lacking in the little twists and "Oh!"s that make food EXCITING! In other words, although delicious, the restaurant is a bit too safe in terms of food options, and it'd be nice to see them add an interesting flavor twist or flair into their items (ex: Putting ingredients into their egg white omelette).

PS: My friend got the french toast and LOVED IT. Apparently you should stick with sweet items if you come here.Made a reservation via Yelp/OpenTable at MAG and came away fairly happy. They start dinner at 4pm, which is convenient for the pre-theater crowds, and are pretty fairly priced considering the level of service, and atmosphere. 

The baked cheese appetizer was the best thing I tasted all night; I would order that again, barring any lactose-intolerant dining mates. I was less enthralled with my sea scallops. The accompanying mushroom velouté and asparagus were good, but the scallops themselves were just ok for me - mostly because of the texture (no sear). However the sig-o's steak béarnaise was excellent. If I come back I'd probably try one of their steaks instead.

So, really a 3.5 for me. Maybe I'll round up depending on the outcome of a second trip.Great place to get breakfast/brunch. Service can be a hit or miss depending in your server. Otherwise food is on point. Highly recommend the wggs benedict. Other complaint is it use to come with hash browns as a side and instead they all cone with a few cherry tomatoes now. You can order side of hash browns for $5-6. Not supportive of that change.Do they have to have frites with every entree? And the frites, pretty standard. Cheap by vegas standards for food .Decent view of Bellagio fountain show. You will be sorely disappointed if you expect this place to be a decent French bistro.Eating in Vegas can often feel like you are eating at a restaurant in Disneyland; the atmosphere is phony and the food is cranked out like an assembly line to handle the traffic.  Mon Ami Gabi is just like that.  

We wanted to treat ourselves to an expensive meal that included excellent steaks.  The restaurant was very crowded on a Saturday night but we didn't have to wait too long for a table.  The place is very well decorated and our waiter was cordial and friendly, though there did not appear to be any attempt to develop a convivial relationship with our table.  He got the order quickly, made it arrive, and delivered a check.  More than satisfactory if I was at a Marie Calendar's, not what I expected when I was spending over $150 for 3 people.

We ordered our steaks and settled in since, I assumed, they would take about 15 minutes to be prepared and cooked properly.  They arrived 6 minutes later.  They were thin pieces of meat, so thin that it was impossible to know if mine was medium-rare or well-done.  It seems all they do is have a conveyer belt of steaks that they cook, throw onto a plate, and pour the sauce on top.  We were in and out after about 20 - 25 minutes.

If you just want a meal without any fanfare and don't care about service, I'd recommend this place.  But for the price, it really fell flat in providing any kind of upscale service or meals that you will remember.  It's Paris in Disneyland.Went for a birthday for steak and frites.. low quality food a ton of fries but steak was not that great i could cook betterAlso its busy and I am not sure its overpriced and bad quality its a tourist trap spend your money elsewhere but the drink stand in front of paris is great!! strongest cheap boozeJust OK.

Yes, it's affordable for the Strip, but I wasn't blown away by any means.  We were upstairs at one of the private rooms, which did have a nice view of the casino floor.  

Service was just fair--they seemed bewildered when I didn't want the creme brulee and asked for a fruit cup instead.  What's the prob?Can't understand the hype. Breakfast here is far from relaxing. The best part of our breakfast was the toast. The rest was just a step above Denny's. Poor quality ingredients my husbands blueberry waffle was crisp but nothing special. The blueberries were just on top not mixed into the batter. It came a blueberry sauce so he had to request maple syrup and it certainly wasn't the real stuff. My mushroom and Brie omelet was very basic with small of Brie and canned mushrooms. Instead of trying their coffee we opted for Americano's and they were weak but at least not bitter. Glad they sat us inside with a view of the street since the street odor was not very pleasant.solid place, good breakfast option. The only issue is the service is completely hit or miss depending on who you get and at what time. We have walked out from too long a wait a time or too and that is really unacceptable for a vegas spot.I came here on Sunday with my sisters and well lets just say if I think French, I think really good savory crepes. Well to my surprise it wasn't that great. There wasn't much of a selection to begin with. So I settled with the chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe. First bite I thought it was me thinking it was so salty. Comes to find out it was just the broccoli that is seasoned to salty. We also order the tuna melt sandwich. I don't know about you but when I order a tuna sandwich anything I expect it not to be fishy. I'm sorry I have to say was way too fishy for my liking. It was so bad the waiter notice we were not fond of it and took it off our bill. So she made up for the lack of not being so attentive with refilling our drinking or bring out more bread. But the thing that was good was the hand cut fries. Very thin and crispy just like potato chips  also the one thing that I did love besides the fries was there special! The Shaved Beef and Brie Sandwich with Sun-Dried Tomato Aioli. This was to die for! It was the perfect amount to have so you can last until dinner time. It doesn't sit heavy when you are done either which is a plus on my book. I would come back to mon ami gabi just for that. If we didn't order that I would never step foot back here.

Also a little side note, for some reason the hosts are not so friendly. Waiters inside are a little better. When the host took us inside to get seated I had on high boots so I have to walk slow cause of the tile floors they have are a little slippery. One of the waiter push be faster to walk cause she forgot someone order making me almost trip... Just saying don't wear heels here ladies.View,  ambience and food is consistently good here.  Today the service was lacking.  I took my parents to lunch and Jessica, our server, was pretty cold. I can't say we waited long for anything but would it kill her to smile? I don't want to be able to tell you hate your job.My wife and I each had the Cobb Salad for our lunch.
It was totally sub par. Cubed turkey. Wilted romaine. Starchy corn. Bacon almost non existent. Dressing tasteless. Price 15.95. As bad as it gets ,quality wise.I consider this a touristy place that is French food for Americans. A real french restaurant would serve duck. I would compare it to a Cheesecake Factory where you receive a buzzer when your table is ready except that you get warm french bread served at your table. I wouldn't go back here again. If you want a more intimate experience, go to Joel Rubichon or Guy Savoy where you'll get better quality food.If you like butter, cheese and more butter, this place is for you. While the set-up is cute (if not a bit too kitschy) and the service is very pleasant, the food tries to be French but just hits you with as much fat/grease/butter as possible. I'm always one for unhealthy food, but this was a bit much.

Starters:
-Chicken liver mousse: Good, flavorful, huge portion
-French onion soup: The broth was good, but it was so hard to get a taste of what the soup was like with the HUGE glob of cheese on top of the soup. Now, I love cheese, lactose-intolerant as I may be, but I had to scoop the last third of the cheese out bc it was just way too much.

Dinner:
-Roast chicken: This isn't the roast chicken of Bouchon, that's for sure. It was good but a bit dry...and the vegetables were so completely soaked in oil, it was hard to figure out what you were eating.
-Skate: I love skate because it's such a nice, light fish...but again, I thouht I was eating a pound of butter mixed with some lemon and capers. The vegetable salad was a very nice accompaniment, though - very refreshing.
-Macaroni gratin: I make it a habit to order mac n cheese at nearly every restaurant I go to, if it's available. This version literally had a pound of cheese on top; I was confused on whether there were even any noodles in the dish. Again, ended up scraping off 2/3 of the top cheese layer to even enjoy the dish.

I think this restaurant has potential if they laid off the cheese/oil/butter and just let the food speak for itself. It's really not necessary to make America fatter than it already is!Food: good, service: not bad but not great. It would be helpful if the customer is aware of the portion of dishes. We almost leave this place 10 pounds heavier. :PUhm, total waste of money. don't listen to all of the hype.. it's a total waste. made reservations 2 weeks in advance and still had to wait at an overcrowded bar for 20 minutes. my girl  friend got the classique steak and eh, it was alright. I got the fish & frites and the local market could do it better.  go eat at Marilyn's cafe instead. so disappointed in Mon Ami Gabi, was really looking forward to a great experience. it's all just a scheme.For a restaurant right on the strip in front of Paris, I would have expected better service. From beginning to end, I was so disappointed and my entire family was so frustrated with the service we received from this place. I thought maybe the food would make up for the lack of good customer service here, but it didn't.

I called and made reservations for 5 at 10:45 am and they said there was no wait. I called at 10:45 and said that I'll be 5 minutes late because I was trying to park. We arrived at 10:55 am and there was a long line to get in the restaurant. It was the walk ins and reservation check in line. I asked one of the hostess there if we had to wait in the long line if we had reservations and she said yes. It didn't make sense to me but I didn't argue. We finally get in front to check in our reservations by 11:20 am and the hostess told us to wait as they were setting up our table. In the meantime, they've seated a party of 5 and another party of 7 that checked in after us. My sister went to ask why weren't we seated yet because it was 11:30 and the hostess said that it's because we checked in late so they seated other people who checked in on time. Excuse me? We were here no later than 10:55 and I called ahead of time..but the fact that I had to wait in that ridiculous line to check in so I was 30 minutes "late." Ok.

We were finally seated around 11:30-11:40.. Almost an hour after our reservation time. My family is quite irritated for having to wait and get pushed back to be seated. Once seated, they took our drink orders and then brought us bread. There were no plates, so we asked for plates. 10 minutes go by and still no plates... So how did they expect us to eat bread and butter? We waited and they gave us a second loaf of bread...still no plates. That's when I had to ask again and they finally brought it. By then, we were over with the bread.

My family ordered all different kinds of steaks and my sister had the trout. Trout was decent with a creamy sauce. Crab cake was too salty and it wasn't that great..

I requested for my merlot steak to be cooked rare. It came out medium rare. My mom's medium rare steak looked more rare than mine. We were just really disappointed in our food, service and choice of restaurant we made that morning. Needless to say, I'm not coming back.It was a subpar experience compared to other brunch places in terms of food, prices, and service.  The egg benedicts were just ok.
The bacon was burnt but our waitress said that was how it was made.  Very disappointed she didn't take it back and charge us for it. To be fair, She did offer not to charge us if we didn't eat it, but my 6 year-old niece did eat some parts of the non-burned area so the waitress charged us anyway without asking us if we like it or not.  Overall, the service was not accommodating nor friendly.Man I really wanted to like this place. It had great reviews but I was pretty disappointed. The ambiance was nice. It mimics a small 1920's Parisian cafe underneath the Eiffel Tower statue at the Paris Hotel. It is crowded and busy inside the restaurant with small tables nestled tightly together. 

We ordered one of the steak frites and the mussels to share. The mussels came out first and that was amazing. If I only had that dish, I would've given this restaurant 4 stars. But then the steak frites came and the meat was thin, gritty, overdone, tasteless. It was overall inedible and a sad piece for over $40. I would never ever ever get that again. 

Service was also terrible. The waiter disappeared for long period of time between asking for drinks, taking our order, delivering food and waiting around for the check. We were just about ready to just ditch the place. 

Probably not gonna try this again.So disappointed.  There were five hostesses standing around as we showed up ten minutes early for our lunch reservation,. We were seated about 12 minutes after our requested time.  Once seated we waited forever for a server.  The entire experience was just SLOW.  My meal was just average, the salad was overdressed and we had to ask for water and more drinks.

I was glad I did not suggest this restaurant since everyone in our group was let downI used to like going here.  It's nothing out of the way special, but was one of the decent places for lunch if you're staying in or near Paris/Ballys.  I was just there with a group this weekend.  I made a rez, and I understand their "policy" of not seating a group until everyone is there, fine, but they were pretty snotty about it. All but 2 people out of 8 where present, who would be there within a few minutes, but no budging on seating the majority of the group who were starving after flying in that day.  

Once everyone arrived (maybe 5 mins after our rez time), it still took them forever to get us a table.  It was busy, but not that busy, there seemed to be lots of tables around.

We all placed our order rather fast, and food was delivered quite timely.  Except one order which was wrong, and the server (not our waiter, just the guy who brought the food out) said he'd be right back with the correct order.  20 mins later, no replaced meal, no server in sight and our waiter never bothered to check in on us.  I finally flagged him down and he seemed very sorry and quickly got the missing meal.  

I understand mistakes happen in restaurants.  I also understand the importance of taking care of your customers.  While he said sorry, he really should checked in as soon as they meals arrived to avoid this drama, since he didn't do his job of looking after his table he should have comped the extremely late meal, but he didn't.  A better institution would have been very apologetic, not charged for the meal, and would have had a manager come and check in on us.  None of the above was done. 

Besides the fact, I've been visiting this place for years, I also feel the quality of the food has gone down significantly.  I had the onion soup, which was fair, nothing great, and the Frisse salad which was pretty sad, too much dressing, not enough lettuce and my egg had undercooked white.  Both items I have had and liked in the past.

Needless to say, I will not be going back here the next time I'm in Vegas.Let me say this first, it may have been the absolute best Beef Bourguignon I have ever had. The service was pretty good with only a few sides delivered to the wrong peeps. The management was adequate. The view of the fountains was only better if standing across the street in front of the Bellagio, which is really the only place to see them without the palm trees in the way. 

My issues are about the hard core screwing we took for us to have our dinner for 13 there. They wanted a $100 non refundable deposit (only charged to larger parties) an 18% gratuity, and I was still ok with that as long as the service successfully stood up to the challenge (and for the most part it did). But then came the kicker...another 4% plus taxes on the 4% just because we were...a wedding dinner. They called it a banquet charge but I call bullshit on that. If we were two tables next to each other with 6 and 7 respectively it would have been business as usual in that the tables are barely 12 inches apart  anyway. 

One more insult was that we were required to sign a contract stating that we would pay whatever they charged and had to put up a credit card number as a retainer. Again, if we were two tables that kind of nonsense would not have been our burden. We only had a verbal from them that if we were not happy with something, they would adjust. But the contract did NOT reflect their verbal assurance. This went against every grain of business instinct that I have. I voted to go elsewhere but was outvoted by the better half of the nuptial party. 

Long story short, I usually tip 20% and would have for the service and food we received. But the nickel and dime bullshit extra charges under whatever name they want to call it is just that...bullshit!!

One more thing, I researched their wine list. It was average to good. But nothing stellar. I suggest bringing your own wine. Their prices for average wine are disgusting and the prices go up from there. The cork fees are exhorbinant also, but a better deal for better wine if u are inclined to bring and appreciate.This place was awful!!! We had terrible service by a very unhappy server.I had 4 scallops that were $25 and they were not as fresh as stated. My gf had a dried out choc muffin that not even milk could help the taste.Brunch was mediocre. Our waiter seemed to be having a rough day or was super nervous. I couldn't even finish the quiche I ordered because it was too salty tasting, and the eggs didn't taste of terribly high quality or freshness. And then, of course, its not the most affordable thing. It took way to long to be waited on and served. 
I wouldn't go back.Vegas weekend with my girl and this was our first stop to eat.  In summary, we ordered the recommendations of yelpers and our server and the food was just alright.  Our server was great and attentive, but the food was just ok.  Not worth getting into the details, I will not be going back.My take on this place is it generally draws crowd due its perfect location right on the heart of strip. There is nothing out of the ordinary about the food. Although I have to give a lot of credit to our server for trying absolutely hard to accomodate us despite of the big crowd. Came on a Saturday night with friends so obviously having reservation helped. They serve complimentary bread and butter and some kind of salad that I can't exactly remember the ingredients. The serving size was surprisingly bigger than I expected. I had the chicken grandmere with side of mashed potatoes. It was plain roasted chicken, thought it was pretty tasty but a little dry for my tastebuds. My friends devoured the filet mignon, oysters and bone-in ribeye and they seemed to enjoy it. I also had their onion soup with cheese, which I thought was very unique and tasty. For a group of 6, we spent a little over $200. We enjoyed our dinner for the most part.The Bottom Line: A cheesy but still nice feel of Paris, in Paris. The outdoorish seating is kinda nice, but the food blows. Its expensive too.

So the service was fine, atmosphere was pretty good. I got a prime rib that I wouldn't have eaten at the worst buffet in the world. It had this syrup kind of sauce consistency to keep it from drying out, sorry it didn't help. I got a steak because I complained about it, the steak sucked also. If the meat is bad, I don't come back.Decent food we went for breakfast but I was told i could order off the lunch menu. I tried the chicken sandwich with sliced apples the sandwich was good bread was fresh. The service was good we sat outside. Lots of reviews for this place I guess worth trying out for breakfast/lunch. Nothing out of this world I have to say but goof to grab a quick salad, or sandwich and sit outside to people watch. Also ordered escargot was ok nothing special came out with no bread. had to wait 7 minutes the guy said they were baking the baguettes. The bread was actually excellent !My table ordered the steak with bordelaise sauce. Overall a disappointing experience - the cut of meat was not great, the sauce was too sweet, and the dish tasted bland overall. The restaurant also mixed up two of our dishes, and we ungracefully switched our main dishes so we could get the right sides. 

There are much better restaurants on the strip - spend some more money and try one of those instead. Would not recommend.Cute little restaurant with plenty of patio seating. I would suggest getting a table outside around dusk to people watch and see the Bellagio fountain show across the street. Had fantastic Escargots here - it's an appetizer but can eat as a meal. They were very fresh and just popped in your mouth. Compared to the Eiffel Tower restaurant above it, this is a very casual place where you can just wander in and grab a table. Of course, during the dinner rush, you'll have to take a number and wait a bit.I think this place used to be great.  Now, I feel like it's alright.  There's a lot of hype for big pieces of steak which I'm just not that into anymore. My food was undercooked and my mom's was waay to well done. Overall good atmosphere, although they try to maximize their customers and cram everyone into tight spots.3 stars because although it was good, there was nothing phenomenal about it.  Steak frites were so and so; scallops, bread, view and service were great.  Reasonable prices and not a terribly long wait, so I can't complain... But I can't rave either.  Decent, good, worth a visit, nothing special.Normally I love the food here for brunch but the eggs Benedict were horrible. I could barely cut through the toast and the ham was non existent but my moms bananas foster waffles were deliciousI was very disappointed with both the service and food of this restaurant. My friends and I were celebrating birthdays and decided to dine at Mon Ami Gabi. We were seated and "greeted" by a rude server. I don't like to accuse anyone of being racist; however my friends and I (African American females) are being treated like we're being an inconvenience, but the rest of the tables in our section (all Caucasian) are getting top notch service, one would assume that she was. After speaking to the manager, we were greeted with a new server Tracy. Tracy was informative, pleasant and definitely made up for our 1st server. The food was not the best. The chicken breast and lentils were too bland for my liking. Needless to say, I will never return to this restaurant, but I appreciate Tracy's awesome attitude.Steaks are super thin and salty. Absolutely ripoff meal.For Vegas standards a 3 of 5. Better than average.  Nothing bad to say but nothing really made me say "I gotta come back!"  Great outdoor seating which if people watching or being watched is your thing, great locale. My filet was done in a classic style and was good, not great.  I have had better steaks. My friend had the beef borg which was better than my steak. Definitely ok to go to, just not a destination.We go to Mon Ami Gabi every time we're in Vegas, but this time was disappointing, for a few reasons. 

1. The reception desk couldn't care less about you, or the fact that it's a special day for you. You are just a number and they barely give you a second glance (or a first glance for that matter). 

2. They want to move people through as fast as possible, and we felt rushed.

3. Both of our orders were wrong... I ordered the green omelette and was given a plain egg white omelette. My husband ordered an omelette and asked to switch from brie to gruyeres. He took a bite and it was brie! YUCK! 

We will probably give them a second chance because the view is great, and the food (when it's right) is pretty good. They comped most of our breakfast with the mix-up, which was nice.Had high hopes, perhaps that was the problem. 

- nice atmosphere
- awful wines
- sub par escargot
- great steak with merlot reduction 
- skate wing (sting ray) was decent
- trout was over salted
- mussels were decentThe wait was not bad compared to most other restaurants on a Friday night.  I had a show to get to at 10 pm, and the waiter was great about getting my order in and me out of there in time.

French onion soup: ooey, gooey, and cheesey! So good with the fresh bread they give you.
Pate: fresh and worth the price for an appetizer
Seafood platter: FRESH seafood, but deceiving.  It's worth the price because the quality is great, but it isn't a ton of food.Maybe it was the lobster roll I ordered , which had tiny pieces of indistinguishable lobster that could have been shrimp , virtually no dressing just a lemon juice flavor , and overpowered with celery chunks , but this place disappointed . I should have tried steak frites but I had steak for the past two days and was hoping for a delicious change.   Any of the lobster roll places in the Bay Area are far better. This would be a one star review but  Plus one for the awesome table in the glass enclosed patio so we could keep cool but enjoy the outdoors in Vegas in July .I am shocked at all the positive reviews, because my experience was pretty mediocre. My husband, toddler, and I grabbed an early dinner here last night. Lots of reviews say this place is kid friendly, but I guess that doesn't translate to "toddler friendly." Should have known! We asked if they could get us a high chair if they had one, and the hostess just laughed at us. My bad.

I had the steak frites with Bearnaise. I ordered it medium, but it came out well done. The steak was super fatty and gristly. The sauce was pretty bland. The fries weren't bad though.

My husband had the steak frites, classique style. His steak was cooked medium as requested, but also pretty bland and under seasoned. His was at least edible though, and not fatty like mine was.

The good: Our server was attentive and friendly. My husband has Celiac disease, and they have a small gluten free menu. They brought out some GF bread for him, and made sure to keep it separate from the regular bread. Both the bread and his entree came out with a little "allergy" toothpick in them and they seemed knowledgeable about eating GF. He also didn't get sick, so no cross contamination there! 

The verdict: It's overpriced for what you get. If you need a GF option I think it's worth checking out, but otherwise I'd skip it.I have eaten here about a half-dozen times. Once on New Years' eve in order to see the fireworks from the patio.

The view from the patio is awesome! Across from the Bellagio and it's dancing fountains. Quintessential Las Vegas views down the boulevard in either direction. The patio of Mon Ami Gabi is truly the epicenter of Las Vegas.

The decor is that of a Parisian French bistro one would find on the holodeck of the Starship Enterprise. Almost too perfect. But certainly very nice.

The service was also very good. No real complaints.

So why two stars? Because the food SUCKS and they know it. And they don't care.

But the view from the patio at night is so compelling. It is worth the mediocre food. It really is. But gee, this place could be SO much more. So as a restaurant it gets 2 stars. But for a one-time reasonably priced dinner for a tourist, that patio view is worth the price of admission.We ate breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi and we enjoyed the experience for the most part

French Toast:
- Toast seemed a bit burnt and didn't seem to have spent much or any time soaking in the egg wash
+ Blueberry topping with whipped cream made the dish

Quiche Lorraine:
+ Light and flaky, tasted very fresh
- Somewhat smaller than we were hoping, given the price

Ambiance:
- Very crowded and busy (it's a popular place)
- Outdoor seating means you're subject to the weather of the day. In our case, that meant 102 degrees before noon
+* Two guitarists were playing on the street nearby; they were actually skilled and it added to the experience so much that we tipped them afterward (*but we can't really credit Mon Ami Gabi for this)

Service: 
+ Prompt and attentive service
+ Short wait around 10:30 AM on a weekday morning
- Table wasn't cleared of previous guests' dishes prior to attempting to seat us

Overall: A moderately good dining experience; we enjoyed the food and the staff was great. You're paying the Strip price premium by dining here, and I do wish the French toast had turned out a bit better.Brunch redeemed my experience for this place.  

French toast is really as good as they say.  It's crispy all around the outside and soft, not soggy, on the inside.  The whipped cream was so delicious and the blueberries were fresh.  This was my favorite dish and it usually never is.

Chicken liver pate was deliciously creamy.  Like other places, there's always a 3:1 pate to bread ratio so you'll gotta just eat this straight up or save the tableside bread. 

French onion soup tasted the same as last time. Good.

When I went, I only saw Croque Monsier on the menu.  I asked if they could make me a Croque Madame with a poached egg and with salad on the side (instead of chips or fries) and it came out just right.  Huge portion so I would consider sharing this because you'll get tired of eating it.

Overall, the food was good but there were some hiccups with our group.  For example, 1) the food took abnormally long, 2) my friend's order got switched and he wasn't informed until the food came out, and 3) they ran out of corned beef hash.This is a unique place with the craziest atmosphere I've ever been in. Located across the street from the Bellagio with great fountain view. 

As we came in to this place with reservations, the line was half a mile long. After a short wait at the bar, we got seated. We start with a disappointing Bordeaux and really good bread. Next the country pâté' and the chicken liver mousse pâté. The chicken liver pâté' was the best I have ever had. 

Now- this is the rub, while trying to enjoy a really good French meal....then what seems to be a trailer park bomb exploded and hordes of spandex clothed mutants rushing through-out the place kicking my chair and stumbling through the place. It's really appalling to try to enjoy good food and see so many rude people. You really can't buy class! What an unpleasant site. These people must not own mirrors! We suffered through the rest of the meal adding French Onion Soup & Grilled Trout that was delicious. 

This Resturant is obviously about the volume without a mutant crowd management plan. It's a shame, this could be a great place.One word to describe this restaurant, sketchy!!! Went out seeking for this place for brunch after looking at their reviews. Really excited as we were seated immediately as there was only 2 of us. After a so so brunch, the Benedict was dry, corn beef hash was so greasy, the bloody Marys were ok.... we received our check and was completely surprised with the total. We asked the waiter for our receipt and after 10 minutes, he came back and said he threw it out and can't find it. We then explained to him that the total does not equal our meal and he overcharged us. We spent over $300 the night before for dinner so we are not frugal by any means. He then confirmed that we were correct but he still swiped our credit card for the incorrect amount. We were about to ask for the manager when he said, "here's $20 dollars and just don't tip me." We were so shocked and left immediately. make sure to check ur bill!!!We were handed menus and after ordering, then the waiter informed my friend that the item she ordered would take over an hour to cook because we went there for lunch but that item was a dinner item. Shouldn't there be separate menus? Or at least indicate on the menu that the item is a dinner item. 

Waitress got her face too close to my face for my personal comfort. 

Food was good but had too much butter and salt -- couldn't even finish my asparagus because it was swimming in butter or oil... Way to make a vegetable unhealthy! Lol 

On the plus side, the salmon was tasty and moist. The gluten free bread was satisfying and crispy. 

All in all, okay food but plenty of room for improvement in both preparation and service.Overall: Food was fine, ambiance was nice - however I wouldn't consider this a "great dining experience" and would likely never return given how many options there are in vegas.

We ordered the brie with honey & roasted garlic appetizer, a ceasar salad, the salmon salad, and the Merlot Filet Mignon. Portions are large. Everything had potential to be amazing, and everything ended up ok (but not great).

People often compare this to Bouchon. Although I've only been to the Bouchon in Yountville - I can whole-heartedly say - this doesn't compare. If you're choosing between the two - I'd recommend Bouchon.I usually steer clear of the strip when it comes to dinner out around town. The main reason being that everything is overpriced just because of the location.

This place is no exception, but not to such extremes as other locations. And being that there is such a limited amount of outdoor dining there on the strip, I'm willing to shell out a little more for the experience of dining ON Las Vegas Blvd. 
Unfortunately we didn't get that experience when we were here, and were tucked away at a tiny table right next to the door. 
No big deal except we seemed to be a little to hidden from our server as well.
The table was tiny and felt like a table in a coffee shop.
Again this would have been fine if we were stopping in for a small bite at a cafe, but we were starving, and came for a serious dinner.

We ordered the Seafood Platter ($49.95) which is an entree meant to be split by 2 people, and in addition ordered the largest steak on the Steak Frites menu, the 22 0z. bone in Ribeye ($39.95).

The Frites were crispy and a real surprise, but the steak was a bit disappointing. It was a high quality cut, but the flavor of the steak just wasn't there for some reason, and it came at the same time as the seafood platter, which we specifically asked to have brought out as an appetizer and the steak later. So after we finally finished the seafood platter the steak had continued cooking for another 10 minutes on the plate to a little past medium, and had gotten cold.
We were a little disappointed but at the time we couldn't flag down a server to let him know we had a few issues.

The seafood platter was exactly as it should have been. Very fresh, and very filling. Although I'm not an aficianado on French food, and maybe I'm just a redneck who's eaten at Red Lobster one too many times...but I can't help but feel like I need some drawn butter with Lobster and Shrimp.
Oh well, Ces't la vie.

Service: 2 Stars
Food: 3 stars
Price: 3.5 Stars
Ambiance: Inside 2 Stars/ Outside 5 Stars.Mediocre food, very loud.  Filet mignon au poivre ordered "medium" was virtually raw on one end of the steak with only a hint of sauce.  Very bland. The "famous" fries are greasy strips of potato skins.  House salad was decent.  Service was OK, but the kitchen was painfully slow. 45 minutes to receive entree.  Not impressed.  $100 per person.  Won't be back.I used to LOVE this place.  As a veggie lover I used to love their vegetable platter which is now off the menu and replaced with some pathetic veggie broth thing that I could easily make (and it taste much better) at home.  If you are vegan or vegetarian just skip it and go to the Wynn or Encore where EVERY SINGLE RESTAURANT has excellent vegan options (many with vegan bread and butter).  Now for those people that don't care about veggies I will say the place has gone downhill in general. Last time we were there they were out of duck (so no duck confit at a french restaurant) and I think all foul for that matter.  We told the server we did not like the new veggie broth dish and did not like whatever my wife order in place of duck and she did not offer to take anything off the bill. It is the only time I have ever tipped just 10% at a fine dining restaurant and I haven't been back since.The place looks great, service was quick but the food was just average. The avacodo toast tasted really flat and boring and the vegetable tagine was too watery. The coffee was fresh and the side bread was great.I loved the ambiance and the outdoor patio at night. Our waitress was super nice too, but honestly, the food wasn't anything special. Everyone raved about this place but my chicken was dry and didn't have much taste. Same with my boyfriend's steak :(My family and I came here while they were in from NY, and I have to say I was pretty underwhelmed. Here's what I tried and what I can speak to:

Baked goat cheese
Pate
Steak bearnaise
Steak tartare 

The baked goat cheese lacked a significant flavor. I LOVE cheese, you can pretty much melt any cheese in the world and let me dip bread in it and I would be happy. This cheese was meh. 

The pate was also not particularly tasty. My mom loves pate, and my girlfriend had never had it. I knew she would love it, but when I tasted this one I was surprised that it didn't have the rich flavor pate usually has. 

The steak sauce for the bearnaise was realllllly good, and I loved that! The steak itself was pretty good, but didn't justify the price. I smothered it in sauce and it was really yummy though. 

We were really excited about the French fries, they were more like chips, and they were good not great. They weren't fresh and quickly went cold and soggy. We asked for a fresh batch (one dish arrived with cold fries), and the very fresh ones were excellent... But they sogged up real quickly and were cold. The waitress said it was because the area in the greenhouse area we were in was the "wind tunnel" but it was still disappointing. 

The steak tartare also was just OK. The spices were pretty good, but nothing that wowed or had you excited to take another bite. 

Overall, the atmosphere is beautiful, and the food was pretty decent. However for the price, I expected more, and it didn't help that the service was very slow and we had different servers taking our orders and helping us. It was confusing, and even with multiple people we felt the service was really slow.  

I wouldn't spend money here again based on this experience, but based on other reviews, I think I'll give it another shot with just my girlfriend and I at some point.It was okay here, the heater lamps outside were broken after they seated us outside, we asked to move inside or to a lamp that was working and the restaurant was packed so they didn't move inside, moved us to another outside table only to tell us that they didn't have gas for this lamp, couldn't really enjoy because it was so cold.

The foods good a little pricey though.Everyone I know likes the place but when I went there, the waiters were in a rush for you to eat and leave. I will probably give it another shot and see if my initial assessment is correctPros: this restaurant literally feels like it's from France, with the old dripping paint on the wall. The service here is excellent. They checked up on us every now and then and refilled my drink every so often. 

Cons: For the amount you pay, the food was decent. I got a seafood crepe, with basically 3 prawns and 2 scallops and a crepe. It was decent, i barely touched my meal. My friends got a quiche and a steak. They said it was decent as well. Your call.

Overall: It's not a bad place to try if you're up at least $80 :)  lucky for all of us, vegas provides us with that opportunity to gamble huh and win some money! (half-kidding)Pretty good food at this restaurant, but was disappointed by the service.

I ordered the corned beef & hash and thought it was quite delicious.  Lot of places I know will have the corned beef that's dried out like crazy; however, this place was pretty solid and it tasted goooooood, especially after a nice long weekend of Vegas golf, gambling, and girls.  Okay, let's face it, not so much on the girls part.  Oh yeah, friends ordered other stuff and the frites (fancy name for fries!) was surprising tasty.  Not like McDonald's tasty, but the shapes (flat and thin!) made them enjoyable.

Service was a little poor.  What do you expect in Vegas, right?  Friend who missed a 2-foot putt for the win on Sunday's event pulled his chair in a little closer while we all were sitting on the patio and he got stabbed by a protruding nail.  Stuff happens and blood is shed.  The GM was quick to provide band-aids, ointment, etc... BUT the server thought it was a good idea to hammer the nail back so that no one else gets hurt...BUT MY FRIEND WAS STILL SITTING IN THE CHAIR.  I mean, weird situation, but weird fix to it.  Why wouldn't you just remove the chair and get him a new chair?

Loved the patio facing the strip and cold air circulating around despite the scorching day.

I'll probably come here again bc patio is great, but will be wearing gloves ;)

dmo out.Food is good with nice patio good views however  heavy rain came and we got to move inside....  food got cold and my waiter disappearMeh! Not very impressed

The restaurant atmosphere is very lovely I really enjoyed eating breakfast in the Atrium over looking the strip.
I was excited for a Parisian meal but what I received was typical Vegas hotel meal.
The eggs Benedict was ok nothing to write home about. The coffee was awful! I mean awful.
If there is one reason to return to Europe it is for the coffee this is one area Mon Ami should really try to perfect.
The waitress seemed a little snobby although she was very attentive.
I would say the ambiance and service is good but the food for the prices they charge is just ok. 
Actually one of the best eggs Benedict I've had in Vegas was at New York New York in the Italian restaurant adjacent to the Lobby.

Maybe my expectations were set a little high for mon ami based on its location and reviews and that's why it fell a little short?
At any rate I give it a solid 3 stars. Bring in some authentic French coffee and I'll think about increasing it to 4. ;)The steaks are good. The service is very attentive.  The atmosphere is very intimate, and was elbow to elbow on Thanksgiving night.  The check-in process was needlessly complicated with two host stands.  One out front (casino side), and the REAL host stand inside.  We had a reservation, but still had to wait as they were slammed with thanksgiving patrons.  Steaks were undercooked.I would probably give this restaurant a higher rating, if it weren't for the service.

We came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We came early enough that there wasn't a long wait, so we were seated rather promptly. I had the Croque Madame, which honestly, was fantastic. It was just what I wanted and had great flavor. It came with homemade potato "chips" which were more like potato straws, but they were delicious. My companion got a breakfast sandwich, which he thought was alright (too much mayo for a breakfast sandwich), but did enjoy the side of breakfast potatoes.

The problem with the service was that we hardly saw our waitress. I don't know if she was overstretched with tables or what, but we were constantly out of drinks and I had to wait 10 minutes to find her just to get another OJ. When we finished our meals, we sat there for 15 minutes with empty plates in front of us before we could get our table cleared, and then find her for our check. I felt very overlooked while she waited on other tables (mostly larger groups).

Anyway, maybe I was there on a bad day or just got a server on her off day, but with all the choices in Vegas, not sure that I will be back.I have been here 3 times now and normally I think it's good but nothing ridiculously amazing.  The atmosphere can't be beat with watching the Bellagio fountains while eating or all the wedding parties grabbing a bite.

The bread is great and my boyfriend loved his steak.  We got escargot to start and it was just ok.  I don't think I tasted any garlic with it.  I had the Burger with Brie cheese and it was nothing special, at all.  It was bland, the bun was soggy and the brie was nothing special.

The wine was delicious :)  

So, great atmosphere and great times but my food was just ok.Yummy place for breakfast. Loved the waffles really crunchy and fluffy inside. Cappucinos not so good. I know is a very touristy place to go and there is a huge turnover of tables but I feel the staff could be more friendly. Answers to our questions were very short/direct and we felt rushed from our table. Is worth going just don't expect superb service.The view  from the restaurant looking into Las Vegas Blvd is fantastic.  The food was okay.  I expected more for the price I was paying.  The experience and attention to detail in the restaurant was A+.  Maybe I just ordered something I didnt like.  Other then the view and service I thought the overall food experience was a solid C.  Three stars from this OC guy.Came here for lunch and was not impressed by their food.  Ordered the tomato soup, steak sandwich, and some sort of beef dish.  Their service was good, but their food was just bleh.  I'd rather go to Olive's again than Mon Ami Gabi.  Maybe I'll have to try their breakfast next time...I have been to this location several times along with the Chicago and Maryland locations.  And this time I will express my displeasure with the service!!!!  

We had the biggest pompous ass for a server.  He was rude and condescending to our group and that was a HUGE source of displeasure in this latest experience.  

They were busy and some of our group had not dined there before but the menu is not rocket science and can be managed.  The salads are massive so we ordered and mentioned that each couple would split them and he crinkled his nose and walked away.   I had an offer for a speciality free salad and he treated me like I fell off the turnip truck.   When the salads arrived he kinda threw them NOT SPLIT and the free one wherever they landed.  

The steak frites were amazing as always and they were enjoyed by all.  However, I ordered the warm chocolate cake with salted caramel cream and was given bread pudding.  His fatal mistake was telling me that's what I ordered.  It was a special and not even on the menu and I always order the same dessert.  He told me to try it because i would be happy with that dessert.  I wasn't and begrudgingly returned with a comped chocolate dessert.  

This is how crappy personnel can make or break your experience.....Boyfriend's sister and her boyfriend work in the same restaurant group as Mon Ami Gabi, and he raved about it the last time they went as a family. So he took me there when I got back in town and even made reservations for the patio. (Fyi: they don't take patio reservations.) We were waiting for a railing table, but apparently it was taking too long, so they seated us in the inner patio. I didn't quite like being here because we seemed to be on the borderline between the cold a/c from inside and the warm Las Vegas evening air of outside. It was an odd combination and slightly uncomfortable. But I can't deny that they do have a great location on the Strip.

The warm baguettes were tasty, although our second one was a bit burned... And apparently the butter was just amazing, according to Boyfriend. It tasted like butter to me. =P Their bottles of wine are a bit on the pricy end, with the cheapest at $39. We got a $40 bottle. And I'm sad to say that I wasn't too impressed with the food we ordered. I got the Filet Mignon with merlot butter and red wine reduction cos our waiter said that was the chef's specialty. Boyfriend said that the one with creme fraiche that he had gotten last time was better. And I compared it to the best filet mignon I've had to date, which was at Meritage in Boston. I ordered that one medium, while I ordered this one medium rare, and that one was still more tender than this one. Now I'm no expert on beef cuts, but all I know is 1) this one was definitely smaller than the other, 2) it was stringier and not as tender, and 3) it just wasn't as tasty as the other. I also had this odd problem of the plate maybe being too light for the amount of sawing I had to do for the steak, so the entire plate would skid around. Mph. Boyfriend ordered the Steak Roquefort (blue cheese sauce) with a sort of mashed potatoes instead of the fries. I think he said it could've used more blue cheese. We got the dessert du jour on the house, which was nice. Crepe with strawberries and mango and a ball of vanilla ice-cream.

The service we got was good. Our waiter did seem offstandish at times, but he never crossed the line to being downright snobby. Boyfriend said he was sooo French (he's lived in France for a year), but he turned out to be Turkish! =] I have this affinity for Turkish people for some reason. He was very agreeable once we stroke up this conversation with him. I did wish the waiters had name-tags instead of number-tags... They also took the employee gift certificates we had without question, which was nice cos you're supposed to show some sort of work ID in order to use them.The view here is fabulous as many have already mentioned.  We made reservations for the main dining room and was lucky to be seated in the patio.  There was a tree that obstructed our view but nonetheless it was nice to sit outside.  Seating was intimate yet spaced far enough from other diners.  

We had the escargot and crab cakes to start.  Both were good.  I had the bone-in ribeye, which was good as well.  My only complaint about the dish was that it was actually quite salty and paired with frites didn't help the saltiness.  The dishes were pricer, but this is due to the location.  

Service was attentive, we never waited too long for our waiter and water was refilled within a reasonable amount of time.  It was a nice experience, however nothing special to me.I love the food here, and for Vegas central strip, the price is awesome for what you get. I would definitely give 5 stars but the service is super hit or miss, even for Las Vegas. I am usually here alone so like to sit at the outside bar, to people watch and have a view of the Bellagio fountains, but the service out there has ranged from bad to plain rude. The men next to me got a lot of attention (I suppose due to their fancy cufflinks and never ending drinks ordered), but as a single female, I was not only largely ignored, but asked to move (mid meal!!) to make room for another man. I wanted to stop eating here after this incident, but I like the food and location too much. The inside bar is better, probably due to fewer people there. Everything I've eaten here is delicious!This was my 2nd time here, it's not worth it. Service was slow even on Monday.

We ordered salmon Benedict and egg Benedict. The bread was so hard that we had to request steak knives and still didn't finish it. 

The location is good. The bill was around $30 person. I'd spend my brunch at buffet somewhere instead being fed and served poorly.I was a little dubious at going from Chicago to Las Vegas and ending up at yet another Lettuce Entertain you restaurant, but I was staying at the Paris and the location right along Las Vegas Boulevard and looking at the Bellagio fountains was very nice.  

My friend and I went for a late lunch.  I had an okay glass of pouilly fuisse at $12, a $15 cheese flight of okay but grocery-store quality cheese and then we got the oysters.

My friend very much wanted to treat me to something special and ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell.  They came to the table and we both looked at each other and hesitated because they smelled really fishy.  However, we both tried one and both had the same reaction: There was no way we were eating more.  

I called the waiter over, let him know that we found the oysters fishy but that it might just be us and there was no need to take them off the bill.  His response? "Whatever.  They're milky and people love them but if you don't like them I'll take them away."  And he did.  We ordered the country pate and my friend got a seafood crepe that she liked.  The pate was okay, but the service was crap from that point on, of course.

Oh, and the french bread sucked.  I should have known after so many Lettuce Entertain You disappointments here in Chicago that this would be no better.  I felt really bad that my friend shelled out $75 for such a mediocre lunch.When I went, I went with my family but this was a surprise dinner because I had already ate before we got here. So now I wasn't hungry and wanted something light. So I order a salad. 

This place is very loud. We were seated right next to the kitchen so all you can hear is dishes and glasses being banged together while they were cleaning them. The doors where closed to the patio since it was a cold night, which only made the people talking even louder. You can watch the fountain show from the restaurant, which is always nice. 

The salad arrives and we all look at each other and look back at the salad. It had nothing on it. A little spoonful of oil or something on the top but other than that, it was leafs. I don't know how much that was but I never seen anything like that. I guess the french are skinny for a reason. We returned it and they then ordered a burger for me. I remember that being good. Just didn't eat a lot of it. 

French food isn't for me.3.5 stars 

I came for a bridal shower. We had a party of 16 and they were kind enough to seat us with 10. The waitress brought our table baguette and butter. The waitress brought us more when we asked! Hooray! The ones brought later were warmer. I couldn't stop filling up on the delicious carbs. 

I got the warm chicken and brie sandwich. It had green apples, caramelized onions and an aioli. The bottom of the sandwich got soggy really quickly. It was alright. It came with some french fries which I didn't even try to finish. They were okay. 

My friend ordered a banana muffin. After one taste, I knew that I had to order one to go. The banana muffin ($3.99) was really good. It was a big muffin, but sort of flat on top. Don't expect very much muffin top, if that's what you're in to. The muffin was moist and the edges were nice and crispy. It did not have any nuts, which is a bummer. There were big chunks of banana in the batter. I would come back just to order the muffin to go.Disappointed  about the Béarnaise steak. I asked for a medium, it was over cook little bit.  The pomme frite,  it seems I'm eating chips instead. The Béarnaise sauce is missing something, the taste was a little too light.Mon Ami No More!  I loved this restaurant.  Seriously.  With all my heart and soul...I loved the view, the ambiance, the waiters, the food and the je ne se quoi (sp), and I had had a long-standing relationship with this restaurant, visiting at least 2-3 times a year for the past 4-5 years.  It was love at first bite and I never made a trip to Vegas without visiting at least once.  Now, I'm afraid to say, I'm not likely to go back.  

On a recent visit near the end of December, I was excited to bring 3 friends to Mon Ami.  Now, while the restaurant is known as a steakhouse, they offer many fish dishes on their menu.  On the night we came in, with an 8 pm reservation, we were informed that they were out of ALL of them.  The waitress quickly let us know, very unapologetically, that they were out of lobster, mussels, skate, trout, salmon, scallops and any other fish on the menu that evening.  We were hell-bent on getting the mussels, one of our favorite appetizer dishes at Mon Ami, and one of our visitors had his heart set on lobster.  When we asked why there was no fish available, when clearly it was largely offered on the menu, the waitress simply answered "our fish truck didn't come today."  Now, mistakes happen.  The world is an imperfect place.  Fish trucks miss their deliveries.  I am not a restaurateur (though I know one in the Henderson area), but I would imagine that a restaurant of this size with the volume of business that Mon Ami does  would have a back up plan should a truck not arrive.  If not, might I suggest that there is a Whole Foods store less than 3 miles away where perhaps they might have gone to pick up some fish?  

After expressing our disappointment, the waitress shared that she heard a rumor that some mussels had come in, and she would bring them to us right away.  She did, we ate them, they tasted gummy and fishy and we complained about them for the rest of our trip.  After eating steaks con frites (umm, what else were we supposed to eat at that point), we left, disappointed with the restaurant's lack of selection and poor planning, but mostly, with how their staff chose to handle the situation...without any true apologies or sense of ownership.    Unacceptable, for a long-time AMI.We had a beautiful table across from the Bellagio Fountains.

The food was good...but we went specifically for the escargots, and they were small and just so-so.  

Otherwise, all was ok....a bit pricey!The greatest thing that this restaurant offers is an outdoor patio directly across from the fountains of Belaggio. That is it. The service was poor, aka, non existent. I ordered a Tom Collins to drink, and it was garnished with a cherry, slice of lime, and piece of hair. Lovely. Then came my chicken club. I had asked my server what the sandwich consisted of, and he was not too sure what came on it. Sadly, not much. Toasted bread, as little chicken as possible, and a couple pieces of bacon and a leaf or two of lettuce. Oh, and no mayonnaise on it. This thing was dry as the desert itself. And the 'pom frites' may as well be called potato chip crumbs. Yuck. I usually like to gives a restaurant I didn't enjoy another chance to redeem itself, but I will not be doing that with this place. Eat at Earl of Sandwich instead.Picture it:

Perched outside sipping european coffee, dining on juicy steak, smiling at the waiter who had suggested amazing dishes to try and keeps your water glass filled, all while watching the amazing Bellagio fountain show at night, on February 13th, the day before Valentine's Day.

Perfect romantic scenario but without crazy Strip restaurant prices or crowds. We waited an extra 20 minutes to be able to sit at an outdoor table, but the wait was quick and it gave me just enough time to take in the interior of the Paris' casino area. 

My husband and I had a double date with my sister and her fiance. It was a bit chilly, it being February, but there are heat lamps scattered throughout the patio. The mix of the pretty fountains, superb food, and busy Strip traffic can easily make you feel like you're somewhere in another country.

I've heard and read rave reviews on the brunch offerings and definitely plan to be back.Mediocre service... greeted in an unfriendly manner by the front desk person... great ambiance outside of course, if you can bear listening to the same jokes and vulgarity from the street performer extrordinare... cheeseburger was no good, would have loved to have gotten in n out instead...Food = 3 stars
Upfront service (hostess and reservation system) = 1 star.

If you come from a smaller town this place is probably 5 stars. if you come from NYC or similar maybe 3 stars. The food is good and the wait staff is efficient. Our waiter was nice enough. Maybe too friendly but that is probably a symptom of dealing with millions of tourist night after night - too many personal questions!

My main compliant is how the restaurant manages your reservation. Management appears to take a high-density feed lot approach to dealing with their clients.  You have to wait in line with walk-ins even though you have a reservations. Why? And the LINE can be long (talking 15 to 20 min wait). Also once inside the main door they boss you around like you are a child. I realize you might get a lot of drunk idiots but please.Free HOT baguette and butter to spread and shredded carrot salad - what more can you asked for?!

Service was good for a busy night  - most of the waiters had very strong spanish accents, so please listen carefully!

Ambiance was relaxed and less stuffy than the other fine dining restaurants which I liked.

Our endive salad with blue cheese and pear did not include the pear...but half way through the salad, I couldn't complain but that's a tsk tsk on them!

MY sea scallops was ok - not the best I had but my husband had one of the daily special fish dishes that was much better.

Lastly, our waiter came by with a free dessert for my birthday - kudos to that!I had the scallops and my hubby had the steak. Both were good. The waiters were a little slow and our table was wobbly what's up with that.  It was also a little cold in there.  I had to rate it a little lower because it wasn't a total experience with the poor ambiance but the food was a winner.Wir haben die durchweg positiven Bewertungen für dieses Lokal nicht nachvollziehen können. Das Essen ist unter durchschnittlich. Der Steak war total durchwachsen hatte die Konsistenz von einem Schnitzel absolut schlecht. 

Können Mittag bzw. Abendessen hier nicht empfehlen. Nicht zu vergleichen mit anderen Lokalen im Preissegment.

Foto machen hab ich mit erspart. Die Bedienung jedoch ist top, amerikanisch eben!Average Las Vegas priced restaurant . Good but nothing special.  House made potato chips were gooey and  the artichoke sauce was like salad dressing. Chopped salad had almost no chicken for the added charge and the popular salmon salad was decent but $18 and good well done salmon that was juicy but nothing special.My husband and 1 year old son came to celebrate our 2 year anniversary last night. We arrived 5 minutes early pior to our reservation time and didn't get seated until 10 minutes after our reservation time. They seated a walk in reservation before us. I work hosting on the strip as well and I know reservations are first priority not walkins. We made our reservation on open table and specified it was an anniversary and needed a high chair. When we arrived we were still asked if we needed a high chair. I hope a 1 year old baby needs a high chair. It was already in their open table notes as well. Just thought that was a blonde move.
We go seated in a rather crowed area where the food runners almost hit us with their trays a couple of times.. A little annoying.. We started with a bottle of Bordeaux that has great taste but it was too cool for my liking. I like my red wines more room temperature than chilled. My husband and I tried the smoked salmon. Those were my favorite! Loved the capers and the créme fresh and I love smoked salmon. We also had the escargot, I only agreed to try them because on our honeymoon in Paris I was too scared. Not bad they were pretty good. My husband said they needed more butter and flavor. I had to try their Onion soup aū gratin since I had the BEST onion soup on Paris my mouth just waters thinking about it. My hopes were too high:( the soup was good but the flavors were not there. The cheese wasn't as texturized and crunchy like in Paris.
- my husband ordered the chicken paillard that I tasted and loved. It had that perfect delicious lemon vinaigrette! 
- I had the steak classique I wanted a steak with simple delicious flavors. It had an herb compound butter that I enjoyed but the steak itself was like stringy and chewy. It was probably jot the best quality or cut of steak. The frites that came with the steak did not catch my attention flavorless.
- I ordered mac and cheese so our 1 year old could also experience Mon Ami Gabi. I tasted it just to make sure it wasn't to hot for him it tasted a little too salty but it was good and the baby really liked it he nearly finished the whole thing. It came in a cute little divided tray with veggies wnd apples. That was cute. 
- I love creme brulée but I did not like the fact that our desserts came out almost right after we ordered them. The sugar on top of the creme brulee was not fresly torched they had been sitting in the refrigerator and was dissapointed because it was not torched right before it came to The table. My husband ordered the Profiteroles those were really good but came three to an order. Fairly large for a dessert but delicious. 

*overall a good dinner just wish my steak wasn't chewy and stringy. 
-Also when I go out for a dinner experience I expect a little more of a friendlier service from our server. Which was way off. Our server came to our table said hello. That was it then took our drink order. I work in a restaurant on the strip and every server that touches a table at my job always introduces themselves. Which I look forward too. Our server......I Dont remember his name he did not say his name he didn't care or bother too. I just wish he would've put more effort in his job rather then just taking our order.Masayuki threw up after eating at this place. The waitress recommended an "light" dish that was really cheesy (the warm chicken and brie sandwich). It was too much and too rich for him and he threw up! But he really liked the onion soup! I had the seafood crepe. I can tell the shrimp was really fresh because I had allergic reaction after eating it (allergy to fresh shrimp).
It was good though; especially the sauce and there were peas inside the crepe. I thought the shrimp and scallop would be inside the crepe but it was actually outside.I actually liked this place. We ate at Ah Sin the night before and I was really skeptical about the restaurants in Paris.

I had the escargot which was okay. Not the best I've ever had. I ordered the filet au poivre, but I should have ordered the New York instead. Their filet cut is seriously the tiniest I've ever seen served. I wish they would have put more peppercorns on the steak. My fiance got the New York and it was very good.My friends and I were in Vegas the past weekend to celebrate two of my friend's birthday. One of the nights, we decided to try Mon Ami Gabi because of all the rave reviews we've been reading and hearing about this place, so I made a reservation for dinner service. We were promptly greeted and escorted to our table when we arrived, had our orders taken, and quickly served bread and butter. So far the service and experience had been good up until the point at which we receive our food. My friend asked for his steak to be medium rare and it came out medium. Okay, not a problem since this is a French steakhouse maybe they messed up because too many people ordered it and they just forgot. So we sent it back to the kitchen and he received another steak. The new steak is then cut into and we found it disgustingly BLUE and for the people who don't know, blue means the steak was RAW on the inside. I had to speak up and ask our waiter to cook the steak another time and insisted it be medium rare this time around before my friend finally receive the steak cooked to the temperature that was requested. What angers me is how the staff handled the situation, no deep apologies, comps, perks or anything. In addition, how the hell does a French STEAKHOUSE not know how to cook steak?!!?!? Let's just say this place will definitely not be getting my business after this horrible experience.We went here for our 20th wedding anniversary and had the worst experience. Service was so bad that waiter did not even get us bread until after dinner came out. I expected great service. The waiter never had any kind of conversations with us and I am not sure why that kind of person is even hired to wait on tables. I say stay away from here.Many people recommended Mon Ami Gabi to me for some time.  I decided to give this place a whirl and have dinner for my friend's birthday here.

I made reservations for our party of 4 for a Sunday night at 6:30pm on opentable.com.  Outdoor patio seating which has a view of the Bellagio water show is available but I believe it's on a first come, first serve basis.  We were lucky enough to get an inside table that had that view.  Note: they will not seat you until your entire party is present.  

The steaks were usually recommended to me.  I decided to order steak classique ($24.95).  I wanted a smaller piece of steak and our waitress made these steaks sound appealing saying that they were pounded down to about half an inch thick and would be extremely tender.  I ordered it medium rare, but it was more along the lines of medium well which had very little pinkness to it.  It was a bit tough and wasn't flavorful as I expected.  I had a bite of my friend's filet and that was delicious.  If I would've gotten that, Mon Ami would've received another star from me.  The accompanied fries were DELICIOUS.  The fries were cut thin and deep fried until crispy and very few soft pieces remained.

As an appetizer, we ordered the Escargot de Bourgogne ($10.95) which was yummy.  Six pieces of escargot was marinated in a garlic herb butter sauce which also made great dipping sauce for the bread.

Our waitress was nice but the servers were usually the ones that were more helpful.  I told the hostess that we were celebrating a birthday.  They brought him a small dessert with a candle (he didn't like us singing happy birthday lol).

Keep in mind, dinner is long and there is a lot of wait time between dishes.  I believe our dinner took more than two hours therefore don't dine here if you're crunched on time.

P.S. Think twice if you're ordering a drink. My friend ordered a Hennessy & 7up which he though was a bit watered down.  Turns out the drink was $21.This place is great if you're looking for something low key and casual. Had a 745 rezi about a week in advance. 

Waitress was very patient with us and helped us pick out the Franco only list of wines. Chateau Cadillac was a reasonable bordeaux bottle.

I wanted a slab of steak! So as much as I wanted to try the steak au poivre, I decided on the rib eye after finding out that the steak dishes are just top sirloin pounded flat. Boy! 22oz rib eye was delicious!!! I cleaned the meat off the bone! It came with bearnadaise sauce made with egg (like hollandaise), but it did not need it at all. The dinner menu is French style, but would not call it French by no means. After all, we are in Vegas, not France, so not complainin', just sayin'!

The chairs were a bit broken. Rocking back and forth all night. Not sure how the average American can actually feel comfortable in these chairs since I felt like it was just my size.

We had front row center inside of the restaurant but clear view of the Bellagio's watershow. It was fanTAStic!I've been to Mon Ami Gabi plenty of times -- and so I trusted it would be a  reliable dinner spot last time I was in Vegas. (July 25).  

The patio is generally highly sought after, as it provides a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. Surprising, even in 100 degree heat, there was an hour wait for the patio.  We elected for the inside and immediate seating.

We were sat in front of the giant swinging doors where the servers/runners come out with all the food -- which meant that every few seconds the ambient light vanished and all I could see were giant flourescents and an assembly line worth of staff in the kitchen.  I wasn't pleased, but I knew I could "manage."

Our server, Sarah, was nice enough, although I could tell just how corporatized the restaurant was (I never felt she was talking to me, but rather over me, as though there were too many other important things that needed her attention).  My boyfriend and I only eat organic meat, and so we were turned off by their "grain-fed" steaks advertised on the menu.  Instead, we went with $100 worth of appetizers and sides. Let me preface that all the items were simple items and nothing that required a long cook time.  

We started with the chips and dip.  My boyfriend and I thought that these sounded good on the menu.  When we got them we thought they were like store bought Ruffles.  Fellow yelpers, pass on those, unless you are craving a generic potato chip.  (When we asked Sarah how they were, she didn't exactly give us an honest answer).

I ordered a Caesar salad and the BF ordered the Tomato Salad.  Mine was $8.95 and his was $9.95.  His sucked.  The tomatoes tasted mealy and old.  My caesar was definitely better.  I considered it a save from the horrible chips.

We also ordered the Mac and Cheese, Scallop app, crab cake, and steamed asparagus.  There were 2 tables on either side of us.  Each of those tables had their STEAK dinners looooooonnnngggg before we got the items we ordered.  I even called a manager over to complain as it had been well over 35 minutes since we finished our salads (and unfortunately, the wine hadn't got me buzzed enough to ignore my stomach).

He quickly brought out the scallops and crab cake -- but no mac and cheese or asparagus.  When I looked at him confused, he said "was there anything else?"  I was pretty annoyed.  He then brought out the mac and cheese and their garlic spinach.  I told him I didn't order the garlic spinach and he said "well why don't you keep it because we'll just throw it out." So I did, and he brought the asparagus.

The crab cake was just ok as was the scallop.  We both have had better.  The mac and cheese was good enough and so was the asparagus.  The "free" spinach was horrible.  Overly sauteed and buttered.

When the bill came, I noticed that I in fact was charged for the "free spinach" and then credited for it.  It appeared I was also credited for the asparagus.  I asked the server quite simply," after all that you are comping me $7?  It was insulting.

I'll never go back.  I was overly disappointed in the service, the management and the food.

Au Revoir Mon Ami Gabi.As much as people I know have raved about their brunch- Mon Ami Gabi fell flat for me. The food was more like a 3.5 but the service and the inside of the restaurant was only a solid three. Luckily, this brunch spot gave us a covered patio table, but I felt so sorry for all the patrons sitting inside, as it was dark and creepy in there considering it was 10am and a sunny day outside. Good for the romantic dinner time, but not great for daylight hours- turn on some lights!

The server was friendly but forgetful, missing cream for coffee, mixing up a few orders, and forgetting cocktail orders. It just was not the polished service I was expecting from a well established brunch joint on the strip inside the Paris Casino and Hotel. 

The smoked salmon eggs benny was pretty delicious, as was the breakfast sammie. The bloody mary's are extra spicy and delicious. So the food was not bad, but the overall experience was meh. I would have given them 2 stars if we had to sit indoors in the dark during daytime hours too.

Prob a better experience with a smaller party for brunch, or for dinner.This place is not what it used to be. The steak was tough, hard to cut through and felt like a cheap buy from Walmart. It didn't help that I ordered my steak medium but received it rare. When it was brought back after my husband finished his, it was well done and burnt. Neither the server nor manager really seemed bothered. I was offered a complimentary desert haha. Hard to eat desert if you haven't had dinner. With so many delicious spots in Vegas, I would say skip this one and try Dave Ramsey's restaurants.I really wanted more for a $60 meal.  The restaurant is beautiful but you expect that in the nice hotels in Vegas.  Service was also nice and very attentive.  The mixed drinks were pretty tasty also.

Now to the main purpose of a restaurant...the food.  Blah!  The French Onion Soup had so much cheese and almost no onion.  I don't think I can  express how much cheese....soooo much.  Too much.  For my entree, I had the seared sea scallops with whipped cauliflower and spinach.  The scallops were still raw and cold in the center and although there was a nice sear on them, the outside was cold too.  The cauliflower was more runny than whipped and the spinach was just okay.

I gave up at dessert. Friends who did have dessert said it was good but nothing they couldn't have had somewhere else, cheaper.Little more than a restaurant that masks itself as a French restaurant but in reality is little more than French-ish cafeteria food. Good cafeteria food it may be, but calling it a French restaurant is generous. A friend and I both had different steaks that, for the price, I expected to be quite good. Instead, our cuts of meat were both mediocre quality and the "red wine reduction" I had with mine, resembled au jus more than a reduction. Would not recommend this place if you're used to real French food.Service was decent.  Food was mediocre. View was great!not bad for the strip. the prices were really great, but i was hoping for some super indulgent french food. i wanted fried sweetbreads and buerre blanc and tartare and whatever else. that wasn't on the menu, but it was still a pretty good meal. there was a huge wait, but a seat on the patio opened up as soon as we got there. the patio is great and overlooks the bellagio fountains for a really nice strip food experience.

i got to try the country pate, the asparagus soup, beef wellington, salmon salad, skatewing, and fries.

the soup was great! i think it was a special just that day, but it was creamy and not too salty, really perfect for a breezy summer-feeling night. the country pate was kind of weird. i didn't like it as much as creamy pate and it was a little bit spammish in texture. that might be how it's supposed to be but i didn't like it. my salad was fresh and delicious, but just a standard salad so nothing to write home about.

i tried a bite of my friend's skatewing, which was deliciously buttery and not fishy at all. i also had a bite of my friend's beef wellington, but i think i've had better, though i have to say i don't like beef wellington that much in general. ooh and the fries were delicious and crispy.

if you're going somewhere on the strip, i really would recommend this place. it has a really great atmosphere that's not too fancy, and reasonable prices. if you're looking for french food, i'd try to go somewhere else, probably not on the strip.We tried the weekly special of the beef wellington (Sunday) and the sea scallop.

We tried beef medium rare and it was decent; not the best I had but definitely not the worst. On the otherhand, the scallop was horrible. I looked and seems to be cooked a little rare than it should be, very chewy, the source contained too much walnut that overwhelmed the scallop, flavor in general was "off", and for 4 scallops, definitely overpriced. 

I want to come back and try more beef, the "steak", just because it is categorized as steakhouse and wellington was decent. I won't try the seafood again. As a chef, overall, so-so...Took 20-25 mins for the food to come out, and on top of that... they all came out lukewarm to cold. Imagine a barely warm egg Benedict, mussels, pasta and a cold fries... yup that's our lunch. But at least the manger came out and apologized. It felt as if the food was just sitting on the counter and they forgot all about it. Sad...Great food but long lines. Wonderful View of the water display . If you have the time it's well worth it.
Service is fair due to the crowds.I think this place get so many reviews and big rating because of only one thing - location. You cannot miss it because it's exactly in the middle of the main street. 

But I do not see any reason to visit this restaurant.
First of all, there is always a huge waiting list. They give you pager, recommend to walk around and arrive as soon as pager beeps (30-60 min waiting). We arrived and even after that had to wait a long time near doors to get in. Finally we decided to leave.
Next day we tried again. We were seated. And, truly speaking, nothing special in their food. Nothing exiting, nothing interesting, even nothing tasty and worth waiting. 
Also, seating outside is quite good except one thing - there are manholes on the street and smell from them do not promote good appetite. 
And place is very crowded, of course - no romantic mood at all.
There are many places in other hotels that are not so crowded even in the hot hours. Just do not try to find them in Paris-Paris hotel, go further, to Venetian, for example.My wife and I dined here on our most recent late September trip to Vegas and enjoyed dinner looking out to the Bellagio water show while dining on classic Bistro fare. It seems like every time we come to Vegas we end up here for atleast one meal, even though the food is normally not the best part. The ambiance, view, service and definitely the value are what keep bringing us back again and again. Prices here are very reasonable for food on 'The Strip'. Especially considering the abundance of overpriced, mediocre food paired with poor service that seems to be in abundance in Vegas.
Nestled in the base Eiffel Tower structure located @ the Paris Hotel & Casino, you can enjoy a relaxing meal while looking out at the famed Bellagio water show and pretending your someplace charming in the real Paris, France.

Dinner begins with complimentary fresh baked Baguette, Butter and a julienned fresh Carrot, Apple & Beet starter that are delicious.

Appetizer:

Steak Tartare ($17.95) - Order off menu and made with the filet cut this dish was amazing. Served with Country Toast, Cornichons, Pearl Onions, Whole Grain Mustard and fresh Chives. 


Entrees:

Seared Scallops w/ Mushroom Veloute & Grilled Asparagus($21.95)  - Sadly this dish was disappointing. The Scallops were terrible. Bland, under-seared and rubbery. The mushroom veloute was good but couldn't revive the flat Scallops.

Braised Lamb Shank w/ Orzo Pasta,Goat Cheese, Black Olives and Cherry Tomatoes ($32.95) - Special of the night and my 2nd favorite dish after the Tartare. Lamb was falling offa the bone tender and flavor packed and the Goast Cheese w/ Orzo Pasta was the perfect partner. Amazing.

SIdes:

Frites ($4.95) - French Frites served in a cone and shaped in ribbons. Salty, crispy, hot and complimented the Mushroom Veloute and the Braised Lamb Shank perfectly. You can't go wrong with fried food.

Dessert:

Profiterole Trio w/ Chocolate, Vanilla & Strawberry Ice Cream ($7.95) -The Ice Cream wasn't fresh and had ice chunks in the the Strawberry portion but the Profiterolles covered in chocolate sauce were delicous.

Overall we experienced what we have grown to expect at Mon Ami Gabi which is some really good food mixed with some mediocre dishes. 
Why come back then you might ask? For the view, the service and the value. Oh and did I mention the view?Love that i made a reservation about 20 minutes before arriving and got seated right away.. I love how they walked us to our seat into a bright room with a view of the bellagio fountain. We came in for my wifes birthday for lunch and was really excited to come here. I really dont have too much to say bout how good this place was because it was just a mediocre experience so lets get to what we ordered.

Fresh baked french bread (really good had 2 loafs there and 1 to take home)
Housmade country pate (least favorite)
Oysters du jour
Scallops gratinees (favorite)
Steak Frites Roquefort (really good)
caramel creme brulee (great dessert)

I really could have done without the country Pate because it totally changed the whole dining experience if you know what i mean. The prices here really make you think thats affordable but the portions dont support it. Its a spot for the tourists for sure. I like the steak frites but since i eat steak so much and know it was just flap steak served with some fries i know that they were just playing it safe which is fine. I wouldnt mind eating here again but i know now that i should stick to certain things maybe my next experience would bump them up to a CONFIDENT 4star rating. thank you for the food.Not fantastic for the price you will pay for dinner. The view from the patio was nice. We enjoyed eating outside. The French onion soup and the bread were the highlight of my meal. The salmon entree wasn't anything special nor were the pricey, small side dishes.Excellent steak, service was less than average. I like that they're open late (for Us industry people) but I definitely was surprised by the lack of personality in our server. Felt like he should have worked at Denny's. My compliments to the chef, however!Went here Monday evening at 8:15pm and it was packed. The hostesses aren't that friendly and seem like they don't want to be there. 

The bread served at the table was pretty good. It was served with butter and some sort of radish thing to put on it? I couldn't hear the waiter because it was SOO loud in the entire restaurant. There was also a fan blasting right in our faces the entire time causing our eyes to dry out which was bizarre. Didn't seem to hit any other table. 

The baked goat cheese was really good and the steak was decent but nothing to write home about. 

The creme brûlée was meh. 

Basically, decent food and alright service. Extremely loud environment. 

Not sure if I would come again.This place is really cute and all, but I did not leave dinner feeling impressed. The steak was talked up before we came here and reviews said it wasn't bad either. I've had my share of amazing steaks and this was SO disappointing. It was $35 for the filet mignon au poivre and I would much rather have spent my money elsewhere. I could have paid ten more dollars and gotten myself a fantastic steak elsewhere.

I ordered my steak medium rare and it was cooked okay. My biggest gripe: it was COVERED in sauce. All it said on the menu was that it came with creme fraiche (which it did) but it was swimming in sauce. It was so overpowering that it ruined the meal. Another girl at the table got the same thing and had the same feelings. Sauce was so overpowering. Good steaks don't really need anything other than a decent rub on the outside. I felt the meat was a bit low on flavor otherwise. You can sub the fries for mashed potatoes or another side for $1.95 more. 

The sangria was good. They say it can serve 4, but really, it can serve 5. We also tried the chicken liver mousse. It was okay, but nothing to write home about. 

Overall, it was a cute place, but that's pretty much it for me. It is on the cheaper side for Vegas considering the atmosphere, but if you are in the mood for steak, look elsewhere. That extra $10 will really get you something 100  times better. We also initially had reservations for 6, but had a last minute cancellation, and they still automatically added in the 18% gratuity that is for parties of 6 or more? Not cool.

Note: Patio seating is on a first come, first serve basis. Reservations are only good for inside seating and your whole party must be present to be seated.I don't know much about french cuisine, but I didn't really like what I had.  My best friend was visiting me and we came here to eat.  We shared a seafood platter, and everything was cold.  Literally, came on ice.  Presentation was nice, but I don't like cold seafood.  If I did research, I would of known that French seafood was served like this.  I wasn't a fan though.  Cute date night place though.Everything tasted like it was dusted with a light coating of flour that stayed in your mouth. No way, not going back.We ate there twice, once for dinner and once for lunch.  If you're going to catch dinner sit outside and try to get a table directly across from the Bellagio.  There's nothing better than eating good food and watching hydrotechnic fountain shows.  :)  
Based on the food, I would have given it 4 stars, but for the service.
When we went for dinner, we were with my friend's parents and had no problems.  The second time my friend and I went back alone.  And I must admit if you look a little younger, the wait staff is particularly rude.  Must be kind of reminiscent of eating in Paris.  Our waitress was downright, rude.  She took away our menus before we  had finished ordering and it took us asking the bus boy for a refill on water.  Pretty disappointing when a few days earlier we had enjoyed some great salmon and wine.I really wanted to love this place.  It has great ambiance and a wonderful location.  They also have a good wine list filled with french wines.  We ordered the warmed brie for an app and it was good, but came with 3 toasted slices of baguette.  3 slices for two people?  Is it really going to break the bank to add one more piece so a party of 2 could share the brie with 2 pieces of bread?

I ordered the Steak Roquefort and my friend ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot.  We both ordered our meat medium.  We also ordered a side of green beans to share.  We were halfway through our bottle of wine (and we aren't fast drinkers) before our meals arrived. The "Roquefort" was actually a blob of butter with some Roquefort mixed in.  There was so little Roquefort in it that I asked the waitress what was on my steak.  

In addition, my steak came barely warm and totally raw on the inside.  Fortunately, my friend enjoyed the filet Mignon.  By the time the waitress came back, returning the steak was no longer an option since I figured we would have to wait another 30 minutes for a replacement.

Since I was still hungry, I decided to order the Bananas Foster Crepe thinking that there was no way they could do a dessert wrong.  I am not a Bananas Foster pro, but I believe it is supposed to be served warm (as the description states warm bananas).  It was served cold with the sauce being more crystallized sugar rather than a warmed flambe.  Basically they pre make these, barely warm them and pass them off as "gourmet."  

I came to the restaurant looking forward to a wonderful meal and evening, instead I was disappointed at every turn and the $150 bill was very hard to swallow.Had brunch here on our visit to Vegas.

The Good:
1. Nice location inside Paris Hotel. Ask to sit in the outdoor terrace or the glassed in terrace. Beautiful Views.
2. Service was excellent
3. Food choices were plenty.

What we had:
1. Quiche (with squash and spinach) - Just OK. We've had better.
2. Cinnamon "pancake" is actually a crepe - excellent!
3. Chicken, brie, spinach crepe - just OK
4. Breakfast Americain - with scrambled eggs and bacon - just OK
5. Coffee was just OK
Overall, depending on what you get food can be hit or miss.

You are mainly going for the atmosphere and the experience so take it all in.Steak was very good but not on a par with the best steak houses.
Service was polite and efficient. Prices good for Las Vegas.
We would go back again.Fabulous service and location.  The menu is somewhat limited if you try to stick to a low-fat diet.   The portions are on the small side and the prices are high.

I've eaten at Mon Ami Gabi twice- once for lunch and once for dinner.  I would probably choose another restaurant on my next Strip visit.   There are many fabulous restaurants nearby that are a much better value for the money.The food was just ok. The people seemed very a loof and not too professional. I do not even remember what I ate but there was a wait. Nothing special and crowded in.If you've never spent Halloween in Vegas, you can't possibly imagine what you are missing.  It is truly an unforgettable experience.  The costumes alone are worth the trip.  Never mind those "racy" costumes you see on the streets of Anytown, USA.  Here in Vegas, it's not "Slutty Nurse" or "Slutty Cheerleader."  The theme is just "Slutty."  It seems as though the whole town is trying to get away with wearing as little clothes as possible for it to still be considered a Halloween costume.

The patio at Mon Ami Gabi is a PERFECT place for people watching on Halloween.  Normally, I would be gushing about the spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains ("gushing," get it?), but that day was all about people watching.  Since the moment we sat down on the patio, it was darn near impossible to concentrate on the menu.

The dinner menu at Mon Ami Gabi is a very basic one.  This is French food simplified for Middle America.  "When in doubt, go with steak frites" - that's my motto.  This restaurant offers a wide variety of steak frites plus a limited selection of fish, poultry and vegetarian dishes.  There is even a burger on the menu, if one is in the mood for Le Big Mac or a Royale with Cheese.

I opted for the Steak Bearnaise with frites and a bowl of sweet potato soup.  My soup came right away, and the presentation was impeccable.  A single piece of meringue looked very lonely on my soup plate, until the waiter brought and old kettle with a real spout and poured some pureed sweet potatoes around the meringue.  It was kind of like Ile Flottante, but with sweet potatoes instead of custard.  Presentation or not, my soup lacked any kind of unique flavor.  It could have used some spices (ginger?  cardamom?  allspice?).  I added some pepper, but that wasn't enough.  Also, did I mention that my soup wasn't even all that hot?  Come on, guys, you have a kettle!

For a French restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi sure gives you large portions.  My steak frites came on a big plate, with a thin piece of steak literally covered in crunchy, thin frites.  The steak had been pounded with a tenderizer until it was as thin as a tortilla.  It was then marinated in wine (I am just speculating here), grilled and served to us.  It was difficult to say whether the quality of the meat was truly extraordinary, but the steak sure was tender.  Of course if you took an old shoe sole, assaulted it with a meat tenderizer and marinated overnight, it would be nice and soft as well.  The frites were not greasy and begged to be eaten with your own two hands, no fork required.  They were kind of like tiny specks of Lay's potato chips.

We stayed there on the patio for another 20 minutes after we finished dinner.  Our evening was over, but the Halloween party in Vegas was just beginning.This place is below average! No idea why it had a lot of good reviews. The location is nice but that's it! Not recommend.Good location and service, but make sure you review your bill before you leave any tips and and table.  We have party of five for lunch, and gave the waiter 18 % tip in cash.  When review the bill and found out that he charge us 18% tips on the bill and credit card.  My experience was if you have more than 6 or 8 people, they automatically charge the 18% tips but I didn't know they charge even only 5 people....The restaurant itself is nice and the service was great.  The baked cheese appetizer was really good, but very rich. I got the crab cake appetizer as an entree and could not even eat it, fishy and gross! My boyfriend got the salmon which I tasted, it was okay but nothing special.  Maybe we just ordered the wrong stuff but I really wasn't impressed :(Regardless if you have a reservation or not they make you wait because as the front desk slave stated "Its first come first serve".  Absolutely no reason for such terrible service. I've been coming here for years and this will be my last visit. The last few times I've been here it's been on the decline... Don't risk it, just take your business elsewhere!Originally being from Chicago, let me begin by saying I'm a huge fan of Lettuce Entertain You restaurants. In fact, I had already had great experiences at Joe's and El Segundo Sol on this trip to Vegas. However, this was a stunningly poor performance. The chicken pate was like a brick. My skate had to be returned due to an overwhelmingly strong ammonia smell. The filet that my friend ordered med/rare was blood rare when it got to the table. Finally, my wife's duck was tough although the taste was OK. Have to believe that we just hit a terrible night (it was only 5:30pm though). I didn't get charged for the skate but that was after searching out the manager. It was SO bad, I might have to return to give it another try. This is food roulette at Mon Ami Gabi but Vegas is known for gambling.  The highlight was our kind server Maria who seemed embarrased by the entire experience.The filet in the beef Wellington was totally tasteless. The texture suggests a poor cut of meat.poor breakfast experience, had returned 2 of 4 items. Very disappointed. Dinner is always good, may be they have different chefs.Had lunch here with friends before my flight.. It is definitely a tourist attraction/trap.. Whatever you wanna call it.. 

The food was not spectacular and as other reviewers have said, you're paying for the view of the Bellagio fountains.. You can also people watch from the patio.. (Hey, what a concept huh? Just like a street cafe  you see in France!)

One glass of mimosa was $10! And the glass was tiny.

The prime steak sandwich wasn't too bad after you get through the end pieces, which were burnt. 

The fries were actually good.. It's thinly sliced. They reminds me of fresh potato chips. I would not come back just for the fries. 

Over priced and mediocre food at best. But hey, you have to try it once.3.5 stars. We picked Mon Ami Gabi for a late group lunch after a long day on a work trip because of the reviews and the proximity to where we were staying. Upon entering the restaurant, I liked that you can choose to be inside or outside. During the day, the restaurant seems to be livelier outside and super quiet/dark inside, so we picked a spot inside next to the window so we at least get the sunlight, to people watch and still don't have to worry about the loud tourist crowd outside (if you are coming here for dinner/at night, then it probably wouldn't matter if you sit inside or outside).

I thought their lunch menu has good lunch selection. However, it seems like just a typical easy French/American selection..like salad, burger, crepe, sandwich etc, so if you are looking for something super fancy that you never had, this is probably not the place. We were looking for some places casual, yet with nice ambiance to relax after work, so this wa a good place for us.

We were provided a complementary french baguette to go with the butter. I appreciated that the whole serving of a baguette that came in a baguette paper envelope was also a nice touch. What the restaurant failed a bit though was wait time for food. All 3 of us ordered easy dish like salad, sandwich, crepe (I ordered the croque monsier). We were there around 3-4pm and it wan't even crowded too much) but didn't get the food until probably 40 min after...by that time we were just so tired of waiting! Don't get me wrong, the waitress was nice and kept refilling our drinks...however, the wait was just too much, especially when the restaurant wasn't crowded. The food was ok. I did finish my dish, one of my colleagues finished his but another lady didn't finish her plate...I think everyone was ok with the food, but no one really said anything or was so wowed about the taste.

And because Las Vega offers so many great dining spots, I think I would probably go out of my way to try dining at some other places next time rather than go back here if i have an option.I've been at this location about 5 times. The only thing that is consistent are the drinks. I always come here for the escargot and the French onion which never disappoint. I decided to give their special a try and ordered the duck. It was awful and not cooked properly.  I did not eat and and the server didn't even offer to bring a substitute dish. The bread that was brought to the table wasn't fresh, the drink order was taken incorrectly  and instead of bringing me another drink, the server brought the mix in a shot glass for me to add. It wasn't what I expected from this place. Disappointed. I added one star for the view because they do have the best outdoor seating. Be ready to wait 30 min to an hour if you want the patio.Staying at the Bellagio and being that there is such a limited amount of outdoor dining there on the strip I thought our party of 8 would enjoy a comfortable casual fine dining experience across the street at the Paris here last night.  With reservations for 8 persons at 7:45 in hand we entered a very small bar area where we could barely find a table of this packed place.  Hostess said table should be ready on time but SORRY even though you had a reservation and it was noted outside it's not guaranteed if you want to sit outside its going to be at 9PM  Strike one!

Fairly diverse menu French based steakhouse & bistro with some really great Boudreaux wines that were exceptionally priced and not overkill on the markup.  8 in tow for dinner I'll break it down as simple as possible hot French breach loaves with exceptional homemade butter was presented.  Waitress took forever to get to us and even longer to take our order after spending god knows how long chasing our wine down.

Appetizers:  
French Onion soup was good but nothing out of this world for 9.50 a bowl of soup and it was not piping hot, but lukewarm and very little cheese covered the bow.  Big miss here on simple French item. 
Baked Goat Cheese 8.95 & tomatoes sauce with warm garlic bread was better and the Escargot with warm garlic butter was a hit with two of my friends.   The mussels with white wine with herbs were also a huge success. 

Entrees:  
NY Strip 39.95 with Béarnaise sauce was tasteless and cold to the touch and undercooked. Had to send it back but there was not much you could do to fix this.  The Steak Frites were impossible to eat tasteless also and Ice cold.

22OZ Bone in Rib Eye with béarnaise sauce was better juicy and coated properly and it was temperature hot. Steak Frites Ice Cold

Dover Sole night's special neither was gummy and not very good nor was the chicken pallard pounded and covered with greens. A dry flat chicken breast that took nothing to make or present but it was screwed up royally.  

Couple of half roasted chickens was OK but again nothing to write home about in fact all the entrees were either OK - passable or downright bad.  Theme of the night all the food was lukewarm. 

Service she tried to be there but they are just too busy and overwhelmed as the food took over 50 minutes to arrive after ordering and the place is simply a cluster phuck on wheels as far as food and service. 

I'm really trying to be objective here for ambiance, etc but the bottom line is the food was mediocre, our reservations were not honored or shall I say ignored request, the food was not hot and the service was not up to par.  A GIANT NEXT for this traveling group as we won't be returning anytime soon.  They will continue to survive and thrive due to a prime location but there are so many other dining options available in this great city we won't be contributing to their success.Ambiance maybe if you like car exhaust  !! 13$ for a mimosa that's just stupid !! Eiffel tower restaurant is way better than this place an the ambiance is legit ! This is place is really full of itself !!Still not one of my favorites. And I definitely wouldn't eat here for dinner unless the weather is warmer b/c now it's getting almost too chilly at night to sit outside.  Lunch is still a great option while the sun is out.

The escargot was very good!  But I ordered the Dover Sole dinner special {$35.95} and it was super bland. There was a good amount of fish like 4 pieces [one had a bone in it which was kinda gross but happens]. It was served with barely cooked spinach and potatoes. Thank God it came with a 1/2 of lemon b/c that was the only flavor on the dish. I salted and peppered it as well.  It just was a very unimpressive meal I didn't even clean my plate...

Everyone else ordered the steak and frites which seemed to go down pretty well. Service was very good so 1 star was for service.Sunday brunch at 1245pm. We had reservations, which seem to be key at this place. We still had to wait about 5 minutes in a VERY crowded lobby where you are most definitely in the way of staff and patrons. 

We were seated in the atrium area, which is beautiful but had too many large tables in it. I was asked to move twice so that strollers could pass through (definitely put some of that blame on parents that bring an suv sized stroller in a Vegas restaurant ). At that point we moved our table so that I was out of the way but when they filled up the table we were blocking, we were asked to move again. Way way too many tables in this place.

I loved our waitress, Susanna. She had great personality and was working really hard. She did apologize for the lack of space.

I'd go somewhere else next time- I still love that champagne brunch buffet at the Paris!Ok food for the price.  Crab risotto was a special dish that day, and it was way undercooked. giving it a 3 for the atmosphere and service.To be honest. The atmosphere is nice, but no nicer than any 'nice' restaurant in Vegas. Breakfast, eh. I've had better for cheaper... You can definitely get cheaper better breakfast..... AND WHAT IS THAT SMELL?! GEEZ. It stinks like Paris too. 

Bright side, server was great.Four stars?!?  C'mon people.

We ate here for lunch, right at the hottest point of the day.  It would have been a much nicer atmosphere if there were misters or something to cool me down, cause it was hot as a mofo out there!  It was so hot that our butter melted completely in 5 minutes.  I think this would be the only time I would ever prefer chilled butter over room temperature. We thought about sitting inside to escape the heat, but it was dark and depressing in the main dining room.

We started off with the mussels, which I liked after having one bite but with every bite I continued to take, they just kept getting worse and worse.  I had to quit after 3 bites because they became way to salty for my liking.  Also, there were about 3 unopened mussels, which is grounds for send-back...but I decided to go easy on them, until my entree that is.

For my main dish, I chose the seared salmon with a lemon butter sauce over orzo.  It was so bland and tasteless, I sent that bitch ass dish back.  The description on the menu made it sound so good,  and I was looking forward to that orzo, but it sucked in real life.  Sorry, but I have no pity for these huge casinos and I am expecting something not dissapointing when I'm dining at any one of them.  My bf liked his dish, though.  Maybe I chose the wrong thing, but I doubt I'll be giving them another chance to redeem themselves.

The view of the Bellagio fountains was entertaining, which was a plus.  Also, its right on the strip so people watching is fun also.  Thats about it as far as the positives go for me.  Oh, and the bread was really good.  Eh, I'll give 'em 2.5.Fantastic location for watching the Bellagio fountain. We shared the escargo starter and had the seafood platter. It was JUST enough given the extra bread (which was delicious!) and the complimentary amuse-bouche as we sat down. So as a main, the platter "serves 2 or more" is a little bit of a generous description (4 prawns 4 oysters, medium sized lobster and some salmon). 
Service was average enough given how busy they were (its low season but still plenty of full tables).
Worth it for the experience.Would have loved to give this place 4 stars but my friend and I both got the warm chicken and brie sandwich and hers came out completely raw in the middle. Mine was delicious, however. Not bad prices for the food, the fries were good and it was nice to sit on the patio. It said our sandwiches had green apples on top which it did not. Undecooking a chicken when you cut it in half and expose the red/pink middle seems pretty unacceptable.I kinda feel bad for giving this place a 3-star rating, but here goes.

I've wanted to try this place forever, and although I knew I should have come here for breakfast, it just wasn't happening with the party I was with.

We came here for dinner on a Friday night, 7 PM.  We had reservations through Open Table, but really, it looked like you didn't need one.

We were seated in semi-outdoor area that was clear but protected from passerby, smoke, etc.  The view of the water show at the Bellagio was great.

Baguettes with a little bruschetta and butter came out.  The food was taking a bit long to come out, so thank goodness that was there.  Our waiter wasn't exactly the most friendly person but at least went through the motions.  The south point for me was when one of the people in my party, a diabetic, asked that his frites be substituted with some green salad or something with his filet mignon.  The waiter told him he couldn't "We don't do that", and said he'd have to order a side of spinach or something on the side and kept saying that they'd charge for it.  Nowhere on the menu did I see "no substitutions," and if there is even a gluten-free menu, I'd expect they'd be a little more considerate in swapping fries for a few measley leaves.

Speaking of measley leaves... another person in my party ordered a caesar salad -- now, these salads aren't cheap -- about $17-$19, and it was honestly one of the smallest I had ever seen -- no crutons, either.  I got the seared ahi tuna salad, which was comparably small with only three pretty small pieces of kind of grey ahi tuna.  I've had this dish at other, less fancy places and got bigger and better tuna.  I didn't really eat a lot of the salad because it otherwise was just average in taste.

To their credit, the chicken dishes, sea scallops, pate mousse, and filet mignon seemed to be enjoyed by the rest of my party.  Of course, everything was smothered in butter, seemingly.  Also, the frites that came with many of the dishes were like shavings of fries and not really good, in my opinion.

I'd come here again for the breakfast, but the dinner was pretty disappointing to me.  I guess we paid for the view.The ambience and service were above average but what anyone should expect at this price point. The 1/2 baguette served in the traditional paper bag was a nice hint of Paris but the food was only average. The escargot was ok... but much better elsewhere. The steak was well cooked (I like mine medium rare) but lacked flavor and was very thin. I opted not to have dessert because a meal for one with a glass of Beaujolais was already nearing $65 not including tip- probably cheap for Vegas but a lot for only an average meal.Caveat - it's Vegas, baby: all about appearances and atmosphere.  

This pleasant place is in the strip-side of the "Paris Las Vegas " casino/hotel.  Many customers have been delighted by sitting on the Mon Ami Gabi patio (no reservations accepted for patio seating; get in line) and watching the Bellagio Hotel water fountain extravaganza across the street.

I had reservations for a table inside, and everything was fine: reservation properly taken and honored, nice staff, nice room.  Mon garçon Francois laid the Gallic charm on pretty thick, but did it with a self-aware smile that was completely disarming.  He was persistent trying to sell me some wine with my dinner, but no harm no foul.

Our party ordered:
onion soup, mussels, and a salad;
scallops, trout, and steak frites.  

None of the dishes were very good; all were, at best, just OK.  First time in my life that I didn't scarf down a creme brulee - it was that mediocre.  My steak left a hint of the taste of paper in my mouth.

Three dinners, no wine, three desserts, total approx $150.  

Maybe a good place for breakfast or brunch, but our dinner was disappointing.Came here for breakfast. The view is unbeatable if you sit outside, it overlooks the street and is directly across from Bellagio. 

I ordered the French toast, which is blueberry based with blueberries on top and a blueberry syrup. There might be a maple syrup but I didn't request it. It was soft and fluffy, although a bit soggy. The coffee is pretty decent too. 

Service was alright, had to get attention for refills.Food is good, not great. No Foie Gras offered! French onion soup was as good as Paris, (been there) Service is good, but too many workers constantly roaming around. No one even close to sounding French here. Loud, as the bar full of coed girls don't mix with the attempted classy/romantic/upscale feeling they were trying to create. The redheaded cute girl at the reception desk was very snooty and rude.As a New Yorker who loves food,  I am sad to say this place fell short. I went based on a friend's recommendation:  
1. Steak Bernaise was cold and not tender
2. Escargot and Brie were decent, a bit too much pesto for the first
3. At least our waitress was nice ! 

Perhaps its the location near the fountains that makes it popular but I would save your $$$ for something less touristy and better quality!!! I hear Roy's fusion is good and zagat rated so we may try that next!Situated in Paris Casino/Hotel, Mon Ami Gabi definitely has one of the best locations on the strip - right across the street from the Bellagio fountain.  

We came for a late breakfast.  I ordered the crepe special, which came with lemon butter sauce and fresh fruit.  The Boy ordered waffles.  This place was pricey - we paid about $50 for two entrees and two drinks - but then again, everything in Vegas is pricey, by and large. The portion was large - so large that I only ate about 1/2 of my crepes, which made me feel guilty since I didn't have anywhere to store the leftovers.

Service was efficient, but not terrible friendly.  

Overall we were happy with the food and experience, but not blown away.  I kept going between 3 and 4 stars and ultimately decided on 3 simply because there are so many good restaurants on the strip to compare this one to. It's A-Ok, but not a stand out, in my opinion.We were able to get patio seating for 5 people quickly, and the service was good. But the food was so-so at best, and a lot of it was served cold. This is a perfectly fine option for getting some brunch on the strip, but you can probably do a lot better.Great atmosphere, with terrific views of the Strip nightlife and the Bellagio fountains. The service was good, the melted goat cheese appetizer exquisite, and the garlic cream soup du jour wonderful. The entrees were mediocre, though, with my wife's trout amandine just okay with little flavor, and my steak frites a major disappointment. I was expecting true French steak frites, and this came nowhere close. My steak au poivre was chewy and flavorless, and the fries were like bland potato chips, with none of the traditional French flavor found in a true French bistro.This was just OK for us. Good service, but my skate wing fish was really dry and hubby's burger wasn't anything special. He really enjoyed the mac n cheese and I loved the frites, which were more like actual chips than fries.Great beer selection, decent food, but BEWARE!!! Don't wear sleeveless. Even if its 110 degrees outside and they sit you outside... They won't let you in, or they will give you an XXL white tee to wear. Boy did I feel embarrassed, but wanted to try the place so I just sat there looking like I came out a hip hop video... got my WHITE TEEEEEE! yee yee! Nothing worth talking about with the food, but the beer selection was good. Its vegas, a lot of other good places to eat.I've been here before and never reviewed it but this time I decided I would share my experience. I came here primarily because of the location and because I was craving some Eggs Benedict. I decided to get the smoked salmon eggs benedict which where just ok nothing really special. There wasn't hardly any salmon on this dish I think I go back I'll just get the regular eggs benedict. I also got a side of hash browns and they where without a doubt probably the best hash browns I have ever had they where down perfectly and I highly recommend you getting them if your here for breakfast. 

Now the real reason for the average score was the service it was really off that day. I had dirty silverware and I saw another person ask for a clean glass also while I was there. I also had to ask twice for a coffee refill glad they where paying attention and sorry that I bothered you from your conversation. Not sure if I'll be back the one reason I like coming here is for the view but not sure if it justifies the crummy service I got this time around.The sad French bread and butter that they serve did not cut it for the price of this place. My Steak Bordelaise was over cooked. Some of my asparagus was old and dry. The Macaroni Au Gratin was pretty good and the location is perfect for the Bellagio water show, but all that still does not deserve any more than 3 stars.The location takes the cake for this Lettuce Entertain You restaurant on the strip.  I would highly recommend a reservation; the downside is you can't get a reservation for the patio - the best patio on the Strip - so that's a long wait if you're wanting to do that.

$260 got the four of us two mid-range bottles of red wine, one salad, four entrees, and one dessert.  I didn't think it was ridiculously overpriced, it's just I would rather eat someplace else.

The atmosphere was kind of cheesey & touristy, and it was extremely dark in there.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but I could barely read the menu.  The first bottle of wine we got was just straight up rancid; once we asked about it, they were quick to replace it.  The French bread and garlic butter was really good to start out with.

I had sea bass, it was just OK.  I think the concensus from the table was everything was just OK.  Maybe I expected more?

Oh, except the bread pudding.  The white chocolate bread pudding was amazing.The service was great here and it was decent French-esque food. The inside is dark and candlelit. Try to get a patio seat if possible. We weren't able to. 

First, the good: omg the baked goat cheese. OMG THE GOAT CHEESE. The cheese was warm, soft, and served swimming in tomato sauce. It was served with warm garlic bread, and my biggest joy in life is garlic bread dripping with cheese and delicious sauce. It was a little bit of nirvana for dinner. Unfortunately, it maybe set the bar a little high for the rest of the meal, because it didn't live up to the first course. 

We also had the warm brie. I love a cheese plate served with hazelnuts, so that was the high point. Unfortunately, the croutons were dry and hard. I ended up skipping the croutons it came with and eating regular bread with it, and enjoyed that more. 

I had the half portion of mussels and the frites. I didn't love the frites because they were hard and overly crunchy with no real potato in them. I dug around in the basket to see if there were better ones, but nope. All overcooked and shriveled. Even dipped in the broth from my mussels, they were a difficult, flavorless side, and I didn't eat many of them. The mussels themselves were pretty good, and it was served in a basic, lemony wine sauce. 

Mon Ami Gabi bills itself as a steakhouse, and several people in our party did get steaks and they enjoyed them. I didn't try it, so I can't speak to those, but maybe they're more proficient at their main attraction. 

We were celebrating a couple of birthdays, so they served Profiteroles with sparkler candles. They were festive, but not incredibly delicious. Then again, I always have high expectations for French pastry, and maybe that's not fair for a place sitting literally in the shadow of a replica Eiffel Tower on the Vegas strip. However, it was pricey enough to expect better food than we got. 

My advice? Come and gorge on cheese, bread, and wine. Do as the French do and your meal will be more satisfying.I finally had my first experience at Mon Ami Gabi after learning that Burgr had a 2.5 hour wait at dinner that evening. While all the food we had was good, it wasn't great. It was decent. We opened with a couple of french onion soups which were served in deep large cups which I kind of wasn't too excited about. I like having a lot of cheese and bread, but the soup itself was tasty anyway.

Following that, we had a huge seafood platter which included some very tender shrimp, mediocre oysters, a good amount of lobster, and some salmon ceviche. Not much to criticize, but nothing too amazing either. In particular, the oysters were not very good and lacked a good mignonette to help with the flavor. The lobster also had nothing to eat it with but was more enjoyable when we got some clarified butter. Finally, we had a chicken dish which was solid.

Following that, we had a banana fosters dessert with ice cream that was very good. The sauce was delicious but the crepe's texture wasn't particularly great.

Service was attentive, bordering on too attentive and annoying. Our server came back a ridiculous number of times to ask us if we need anything, which we basically never did. It's good to have an attentive server but it is certainly uncomfortable when you almost have to ask them to come back less! I do regret not getting one of the steaks, having heard about them a lot. I'll have to come back for some steak frites someday.Great patio overlooking the strip. We went for breakfast and I ordered the florentine Benedict. The English muffins are homemade-definitely a plus-but were stale or perhaps over cooked because they were very dry and hard. A more generous portion of hollandaise would have been a good fix for this. Also, the spinach tasted frozen. Decent Bloody Marys and coffee.TL;DR: awesome location, overpriced for mediocre food like most Strip establishments, bad for vegetarians.

Friends and I came here because we wanted some vegetarian options, and mostly because we wanted to watch the Bellagio fountains. Unfortunately, there were basically no vegetarian options. 

Food: All of us had the frisée kale salad; one of my friends and I are vegetarian, so we replaced the bacon with avocado. This seems the way to go b/c when my friend got her salad with bacon, the "bacon" was literally tiny pieces of dry bacon bits. I secretly wondered if they had used Bacon Bits and called it a day. My salad with an egg on top was very good, but small portions for $13. 
Coffee here is absurd - it comes with refills, but costs $4! 
We split the bananas foster crepe which was tasty - it's a large crepe with a good sized scoop of vanilla ice cream inside and a dollop of sauce, around $12. I took a peek at other entrees, which were almost all meat, and they were around $23-25 - a lot given the quality of this place. Free baguette and butter to start, but it tastes like a supermarket baguette.

Atmosphere: you pay for the location. Right across from the bellagio fountains, which you have a great view of if you sit outside. On warm days, patio is the place to go for people watching.

Price: I paid $21 before tax and tip. Pricy for the quality, but average for Las Vegas Strip.I have had many good breakfasts here.
I decided to try dinner. It was a casual, not crowded early evening. Appetizers were fine. Wine was fine. When the steak was brought out it was well done though had asked for medium rare. I kindly asked  that they try again. The returned steak was a poor cut with seared rare preparation. Away from the outer edge, the steak had garlic and pepper flakes. Absolutely inedible. I did ask to talk to the manager. He was too busy. I simply paid my bill and left.
Will never return againAfter waking up at noon and missing brunch buffet, we decided to go to this quaint little French cafe inside Paris. We had a nice dinner at Picasso that night so we didn't want to be too full, so we got there around 1, but the service was SO slow and we didn't get our food and finish eating until almost 3 PM. I think we finally got out of the place around 3:30 and by then, we had to go back to our hotel to change and stuff. I think we waited literally 20 minutes for our check because the waiter loves to chat it up with all the other tables. 

The actual food was decent. I think I had the Gruyere cheese, bacon and, onion burger, which was pretty good. The "frites" (fries) were kind of weird because they were like regular fries but squashed flat and then refried. A little too much. Also tried some chicken B.L.T and steak sandwich with caramelized onions, which were decent. I think the best  thing I tried was the Steak Bordelaise, which was really juicy and tender. Maybe we should have went for weekend brunch, which might have been better with some breakfast foods. Regardless, service needs to speed up a bit. It was somewhat French, but I don't think they were trying to imitate the carefree attitude of dining and taking your time in France.I. was expecting a really good meal and service.  I received neither.  I think restaurants that cater to the tourist trade have a low bar for quality. We had the $40 bone in rib eye and smoked salmon. The rib eye was too charred for medium, and had no flavor.  I was so hoping for a tasty steak ! The smoked salmon appetizer was less than would be served at Einstein bagel shop, and was served with toasted what bread,  so ordinary!  Just really underwhelmed.To go where the tourists go is one of my biggest fears in life aside from empty Sriracha bottles and high priced gas. On a whim, I ended up here for lunch because indecisiveness got the best of my party. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't amazing either.

We started with the French onion soup, it came out warm instead of piping hot so the cheese didn't fully melt. It also could have been more savory but I am cutting back on the salt so appreciated it in the moment. I also got a Cobb salad to start that was nice and fresh. Large pieces of bacon and turkey. Next came the mussels and frites. No real complaints here as the mussels were plump. The fries on the other hand deserve a complaint. They were cut extremely thin, so it was more like sticks of potato chips than actual fries that you could dip into the awesome wine sauce. I also got a few bites of the trout and fish is fish; no witty reaction from me. 

Our servers were nice and brought out fresh bread for us when they saw we ran out. Because we had outdoor seating, a fly caught on their water carafe and eventually ended up in my glass. At least it wasn't in the food, right? Average all around.Totally adequate. Decent food, nice view of the Bellagio if you're sitting outside, nice decor. Old school Vegas - nothing fancy, not particularly memorable. Works in a pinch but wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for fine dining.The food is not very good. I ordered the sauteed sole and it was so bland and tasteless. It was something that I could have done a better job at and I don't really consider myself a cook. My husband  had the filet mignon and thought it tasted like it had been previously frozen. The service was a little slow but friendly. The atmosphere was very nice. Overall, it was a very disappointing experience especially considering how expensive it was.We waited for about 30 minutes on a Sunday noon. The wait time was reasonable but the hostess told us different when we checked in with her. She first told us the table was ready and we should stand on the side and she'll call us,  then after 10 minutes we checked with her again and she said things got switched around...so we ended up waiting longer and in the mean time and ppl behind us al l got seated.

The food was great tho. Steak sandwich was the highlight. The brunch was good too - blueberry French toast, strawberry waffles are my favorites. Service was okay. The waiter never came to refill waters....  

Overall it is worth trying if you gave never been. But the service depends on when you go and the waiter you get.Not sure where to start here.  Party of eight, shown to cramped table, the guys couldn't even move their arms.  This is a get-them-in, get-them-out kinda place. Food was good, not great.  We had to ask for clean silverware many times.  It's dark, loud and cramped.  For a small party it would be ok.  My entree didn't show up with what I requested, but our server was so busy, I didn't want to bother him.  We waited for 30 minutes for our wine to be poured. Steak frites, so over rated.  We wanted to like, but fries were cold. Check in staff was rude and abrupt even though we had reservations for months.  The server couldn't even open our special bottle of wine, broke the cork.  A member of our party salvaged the rest of the cork...thank God, because at least the wine was great. Nothing special here. Would not go again, service was awful.I think this place is over rated. There was a 1.5 hr wait to sit outside. Whereas we agree the ambience is nice, the food was also acceptable, but there are so many other places in vegas to try. I had mussels and fries, the fries was soggy and the mussels was too creamy since the description said white wine without mentioning the cream. The country pate taste like pieces of ham. Overall good but not worth the wait.I came here right before I was about to leave for Vegas for lunch. The outdoor seating at the time was pretty crowded so we opted for inside seating since the wait was only a few minutes. The ambiance here is nice and seems upscale, but everyone is wearing shirts and shorts. At the time I had shorts and a bro tank on. You CANNOT wear a tank here if you are a guy! They will make you put this ridiculously large white shirt on. I matched the damn tablecloth... It's a good thing I don't get embarrassed easily, but I did think it was dumb to not allow tanks during lunch. I understand dinner, but not lunch.

===Service===

Since we had a little mishap with the shirts the service here lacked as well. They probably figured a group of Asians coming in and not even wearing the proper attire won't tip much. They took forever to come and take our order or to give us bread. Everyone else around us was getting great service except us. Poor customer service.

===Food===

Steak classique: Steak frites with a maitre d'hotel butter. The steak was very reasonably priced for the size. It was larger than I expected and for the most part it was tender. The butter was green and I'm assuming it was blended with parsley and some other greens to give it that color. The butter was surprisingly flavorless. I had to add some salt and pepper to give it more flavor. The fries were more of thinly sliced potatoes, but they retained way too much oil. They definitely didn't take out the additional oil on the fries. The dish was good for the price in my opinion. The flavor was the thing that killed it for me though. 3/5

Average food with a nice ambiance in Vegas. There's too many other places with good food in my opinion. Most likely won't come back here.we came here for breakfast.  I was expecting to be blown away by the food based on the reviews but that wasn't the case.  Although the sitting area was beautiful overlooking the bellagio and passersby, my husband and I were not impressed with our selections.  He got the chicken, Brie, and apple crepe which he said was flavorless.  The crepe itself was nearly empty.  Hecalao asked for fries on the side and ended up getting potato sticks/chips so dont order fries if you're expecting regular fries. I got the three eggs breakfast and my eggs were overcooked and the hashbrowns  were nothing to rave about.  One thing that turned me off immediately and the reason for my 2 star rather than 3 star rating was the distinct eggy/dirty smell that was surrounding us even before we received our meal.  I would pass on this place on my next trip to LV.This place was okay.  The restaurant is crowded and loud.  So don't go if you are looking for a quiet romantic evening.  The cocktails were ok, not up to Las Vegas level.  Not a place to go if you are want to eat health either.  Everything has meat, cheese and is covered in oil.I only had a few hours left and wanted a great last meal in Vegas before our flight home. I was really excited to try the food after the many good reviews I've seen but was truly  disappointed. The ambiance is nice and we were seated almost immediately close to the patio so we had a good view of the strip, however, the waiter seemed like he was not in a good mood and it also felt like he was trying to rush us out of there. 
We started off with the oyster and corn chowder soup and wild escargots, the chowder was good but the escargots were very bland. I ordered the pulled pork brisket bánh mì, the pork didn't have much flavor and it was served in soft bread, not the typical baguette that I'm used to. My boyfriend ordered the Maine lobster roll and it was decent. Overall, the food and service was definitely not worth the price to me, perhaps if all you want is the view.***Mon Ami Gabi is a very popular French brasserie though I found their brunch to be mediocre and disappointing; the restaurant has a great atmosphere and nice service though***

Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas' Paris has been around for a long time and it still seems to be as popular as ever.  If you have been to Las Vegas, you have likely walked past this French brasserie; it is the one with the big outdoor patio just outside the Paris hotel that looks like either a great spot or a very hot place to have brunch or lunch.  Mon Ami Gabi is from famous Chicago chef Jean Joho, who also runs Paris' fine dining restaurant The Eiffel Tower Restaurant and Chicago's Everest.

While I was not a fan of The Eiffel Tower Restaurant, I was looking forward to trying Mon Ami Gabi.  This French brasserie seemed like a good choice for a delicious but not too expensive brunch.  I really liked the look.  The outdoor patio can be nice during some parts of the year and the restaurant also has an indoor-outdoor dining area, which offers a good view and a lot of sunlight but still provides a French bistro-esque room with good tables and a comfortable temperature.

Mon Ami Gabi's brunch menu features a mix of breakfast and lunch dishes from Eggs Benedict and omelets to steak frites and sandwiches like the Croque Madame, which I ordered.  Unfortunately, it was not good.  The ham was too thickly cut and quite dry while the toasted bread was dry, hard and way too crunchy.  The cheese did not have that stretchy and melted quality that a good Croque Madame has.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=RSpAHvSIkAL21g6FHhd-Mw#8hc0hKwEWBkyr-oSH8V1dA

The Croque Madame was topped, of course, with a fried egg.  Unfortunately, the fried egg was quite burnt around the edges.  The fries had a thin potato chip-like cut.  They were not super crispy, but I liked the soft insides contrasted against the crispy edges.  Unfortunately, the fries were quite salty.

For dessert, I had their profiteroles and this was a much better representation of a classic French dish.  The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.  The chocolate topping was not the traditional thin dark chocolate sauce.  Instead, it was a thick double fudge sauce. While I prefer the more traditional thin bittersweet chocolate sauce, the chocolate combined with the ice cream and pastry to make a satisfying dessert.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=RSpAHvSIkAL21g6FHhd-Mw#3Vy7BG3KJjbNjcREFoUeJQ

Service was good.  My server was very pleasant, polite and attentive.  The food came out at a good pace.

Prices were not too bad for their breakfast and brunch options.  Some of their steak dishes seemed pricey, but they were similar to other Las Vegas restaurants though Las Vegas restaurants tend to be very overpriced.

Bouchon is Las Vegas' signature French brasserie, but I try to seek out other places.  Bouchon is perfectly fine, but it feels very similar to the Bouchons in Yountville and Beverly Hills (in terms of food, the Yountville location is easily the best of the bunch).  Mon Ami Gabi offers a more unique experience for people on the West Coast (Mon Ami Gabi has several locations in the middle of the country and the East Coast).

Unfortunately, the food at Mon Ami Gabi was simply not that good.  While I liked Mon Ami Gabi's service and atmosphere, Bouchon is a much better option if you desire a French brunch (or dinner); it would probably not cost you that much more either.  Comme Ca in The Cosmopolitan would probably also be a better option for French bistro fare than Mon Ami Gabi.

Like most Las Vegas hotels and casinos, Paris offers complimentary valet and self parking.Best:  the French bread, creme brûlée and the patio seating.

Worst: our entrees didn't taste quite right.  We both ordered our steaks medium rare and one was gray while the other purple in the center.  We took that as an indication that the steaks were old.  Everything else was good they could have had a bad day with the steak.

Overall: I will give this place another shot bc we really enjoyed the ambiance.I went with high expectations in reading the reviews and the recommendation from the hotel, but was really dissapointed overall.  If all you are going for is the view of the fountain show across the street at the Bellagio, then definetly go, that was great.  We had 5 people and 4 of the 5 meals were over done and just plain boring.  Expect tourist food at a tourist location.  I won't be back.  I would prefer to stand across the street at the fountains, watch the show then go to a restaurant that has decent food.  Take a pass and find something else...This used go be one of my favorite Las Vegas restaurants. Unfortunately, after my most recent dining experience, I can only conclude that the quality has gone downhill. I ordered my steak medium rare and it came out extremely well done. They did bring out a replacement around 15 minutes later but my fries were cold and dry, as was my other party member's dinner. The restaurant did, in fairness, take the steak off the bill, but the overall experience was ruined at that point. We won't be dining at Mon Ami Gabi again.We decided to check out this restaurant because a.) It got good reviews on here and b.) They offer a (meager) gluten free selection. While my food wasn't bad per sey, I could imagine having had a better omelet at Denny's. My bf's gluten free eggs Benedict was also seemingly sub-par in the flavor department. 

Even taking into account the taste discrepancies between regular and gluten free items, I didn't feel like this breakfast lived up to the hype. 

I could however imagine their dinner fare is a bit better - the green beans that came with my omelet were the best part of the meal :)

Service was excellent - friendly and efficient.Everyone from the hostess to the waiter were very friendly and chatty.  I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict.  The eggs were runny and the salmon was salty (just the way I like it).  

I did not love the coffee though, but perhaps I am a pickier coffee drinker than others.

Nothing special, but a good place to have brunch on the strip.Not bad the food is good service was on point the view was great. my wife had the
Quiche My buddy had the Smoked Salmon I had the Steak Sandwich. We each said the same 3 starsI liked the overall French feel of this place. We sat indoors, I'm sure the experience would have been better on the patio. The food was mediocre. I would go there again to hang out and sip a latte, not for a real meal.Food was eh, service was eh, price was not great for what you get. Overall it's not worth a trip to the strip.We went here to celebrate a birthday. Let me start with the positive....The atmosphere was amazing. The low rating is entirely based on the service. Ibrahim, our waiter had an attitude from the beginning. His demeanor was more smug and arrogant than friendly. From food choices to splitting the bill everything seemed to be an ordeal. I expect better service from a restaurant of this caliber. I would suggest selective training on basic customer service or better yet improved hiring standards.Extremely underwhelming describes every aspect of this place. 

We arrived at 7:30 with 7:30 reservations only to be given a pager and wait another 20 mins. Ok, whatever, it's Vegas. Not a big deal.

Once seated 3 of the 4 of us ordered French Onion soup, which is the first of two reasons I did not give this place one star. The soup was good, not great, good. I ordered the Trout and it was the blandish greasiest fish I have ever ordered. 

The food took forever to come out, which was definitely not helpful. 

The second reason I gave them two stars was because the server was very nice. 

Don't get your hopes up about this place.What a cute lil bistro! Came for lunch, and it was pretty busy, but we were able to snag a table for 3 inside (but it was close to the window so it was still bright and had a view of the Strip) with no wait! And the service was very friendly and attentive. And they give you a cute little baguette for the table!

However, the food left something to be desired. The onion soup was tasty but not that memorable, and the chopped salad was a lot smaller than we expected. I ordered the sandwich special, which was pastrami and gruyere. I assumed it would be on a French roll, but turns out it was served between toasted slices of bread that were extremely tough to bite into... And the sandwich itself lacked flavor (other than the mustard spread). On the plus side, the hand-cut fries that came with my sandwich were great!

Overall, I liked the atmosphere, and some of the more unique menu items might be more worthwhile, but I wasn't very pleased with the ones we ordered.Warn me next time not to ever ever sit in the patio outside late morning in October.  If you want to sit in the outside patio, I suggest you do it early morning or night.  The reason is that not all tables have covering and when sunny in Vegas, it just beats down on you.  The hostess can not guarantee if there is covering for you or not.  Our reservation was 11:30 am and we sat on the patio.  The sun was beaming on me and by time we ended, I was sweating.  Service was alittle slow and when I got my food, I just wanted to eat it so fast and go cuz who wants to eat when sweating.   I got the croque monseir and the cheese on it was melting in the sun so bad.  Granted in October the heat was not as bad as it would be in the summer, so I don't know how anyone would eat out there in the summer.  We also shared a salad with shaved asparagus and thought it was ok.  Thought the price did not justify the portion or taste.  

I do like the bread they gave us while seated.  Other than that, I was not really  impressed.Over rated. Had regular egg Benedict and smoked salmon Benedict and mushroom omelette. To begin. Omelette was nothing special so that's probably an average of 3stars. The egg Benedict hollandaise sauce didn't have the pop of flavor I was looking for. The hasbrown that came with the dish looked a chewed up and taste like a can of salt was accidentally dropped in. Baked bread for the omelete was bearly luke warm too. Not impressedThis was my second time and quite honestly the food was good, but I'd like a little more intimate atmosphere that I don't think you can find on the strip.  Perhaps eating inside would be better...(where I ate last time).  Just a little more of a chain restaurant feel.  Won't be back.Great outdoor patio on the strip to people watch and just relax!  Went for lunch.  Had the salmon and egg salad tartine and the seafood crepe.Ate there and had bad service. The service is slow and food comes out cold. The location is killer though right in the heart of the strip with full views of the Bellagio Fountains,I went to Mon Ami Gabi mid-January for lunch as it came highly recommended. Two words; Never. Again. 

   I decided to sit at the bar since it was only myself and the restaurant seemed busy..no need to take up an entire table. There was only one seat left at the bar. To my left there was a nice couple from the Midwest, to my right, a 70 year old lady that reeked of mothballs with eye makeup that would make your mother blush and fishnet stockings. I figured, eh, this is Vegas.

   I started off with oysters, Kumomoto I believe? The oysters tasted good but the mignonette that accompanied them tasted of pure vinegar. Now I know mignonette is a vinegar-based condiment, but I tasted nothing else. No onion taste, no black pepper. Nothing. I know a great champagne mignonette recipe I could share with them...

   For my lunch entree I had escargot. I had been craving it for the past week and could not wait to try it here. I'm not sure how to describe the taste other than being "off." I am almost positive restaurants get escargot from a can, so how can you screw it up? I told myself I wasn't going to finish the snails and I didn't. Turns out that was probably a smart idea. 

   I did a little shopping afterwards and starting to feel a little off. I was dizzy and in a lot of pain, showing symptoms of food poisoning. Later that evening I flew home to Miami, and let me tell you, you don't know true h*ll until you have had food poisoning on a red eye flight.Extremely busy, just went for basic continental breakfast, quite expensive though the food was good. Tries to be proto-french when it's basically just American.Don't miss: French onion soup

Skip: Frites

Eating lunch? Ask for a table in the sunroom.Would go back, but I've had better. I had the seared scallops and bf got the grandmere chicken dish. The seared scallops were good, but I expected it to be better. Grandmere chicken dish is alot of food, which would be ideal for a man. The complimentary warm french baguette was delicious. 

The negative thing about my experience was that since I dined inside (AC ventilated), my food got cold really fast. I wanted to savor every bite and ended up eating cold food. The patio is usually always packed. Next time, I'll sit on the patio during sundown and order less food. =)I came here for some breakfast and it was nice.  The view was fabulous and the breakfast was just ok but it was all about the atmosphere. 

The only issue I had was a very dirty spoon. It looked like it wasn't washed. There was food on it and it grossed me out. I think other than that experience it could have been wonderful.being a big fan of French food, i was really looking forward to eating here. maybe it was eating at 4pm, or maybe i was just not feeling the food that day. i thought this place was okay. i just thought it was nothing special or out of the ordinary, something i could've easily eaten in LA and didnt have to be in Vegas to get.

started off with Escargots de Bourgogne ($10.50). was pretty good. dipped the bread in the leftover garlic herb butter.. yum! :) got the skate fish ($22.95) for my main course. it was good.. had capers, which i liked. it came with chips, which became soggy from sitting in the sauce that the fish was sitting on. the fish was pretty tender, but also a tad lacking in flavor. maybe that was what the capers were for? the reisling i had went well with the fish though.

dont get me wrong, the food wasnt bad. i actually had a taste of my friend's pork tenderloin and it was REALLY good. it just didnt seem to live up to the hype that i'm reading here. keep in mind we also sat inside, so maybe that took away from the experience of eating on the patio and overlooking the strip.This place seemed pretty popular from the packed tables and line waiting out front.  We lucked out and got a view of the Bellagio fountains which truly added to the ambiance.  I would call the service brisk and generally efficient, but not necessarily warm and attentive.  But then again, this place was filled up on a Sunday night.  And of course in Vegas, God help you if you need to go to the restroom.  The hike in my stilettos out of the restaurant and across the casino floor to hit the loo was a drag but typically the case in that town.  

I had the filet with some type of creme fraishe topper that honestly could have been one of the most tender steaks I've ever had.   Other sides for the table were for me generally unremarkable.  I'm really glad I had the opportunity to check out this place, but not sure I'd go out of my way to visit again.  Granted, that view and that steak, I just might reconsider.We dined here on a Monday evening. I had made reservations through Open Table and requested a romantic table for our 20th anniversary. They sat us in a two top right in the window overlooking the casino. Other than that, things went swimmingly. The Skate wing in lemon and caper sauce was great even if the server didn't quite know how to describe it. The food came out amazingly fast, almost too fast. They did bring us a dessert for our anniversary which was nice. I would have liked to sit out on the patio, but it was raining. the Inside of the restaurant is very pretty, but i would expect as much fro a Richard Melman property. I would go again.Came here during Christmas week to have lunch after seeing all the wonderful reviews.  The place is very big with a dark interior, but there's a nice bright pavilion, and a nice outdoor patio as well.  The outdoor seating was all taken, so we opted to sit in the pavilion.  The service was OK, not the friendliest, but not too bad either.

As for the food... well, that's where it all went down hill.
For my kids, we received two sad looking kids meals served on what looked like a frozen TV food tray.  For one of the meals, my son ordered grilled cheese sandwich.  When it first came out, the bottom was burnt (black)!  I don't know how anyone would serve such a thing!  Perhaps they thought kids wouldn't know any better, or that no one would see the burnt side?  I sent it back right away and got a much better one afterwards, but no apologies what so ever.  

Since this is a french bistro, we figured we couldn't go wrong with the more French items.  My son wanted to try escargot, so we ordered the escargots de bougogne.  Having had this a few times in France and in Montreal, Canada, this was a disappointment.  $11.95 for pieces so small, I could barely taste it (see the picture of the dish untouched, you can barely see some of them) .  My son thought he was eating mushrooms.  I had the classic quiche lorraine and it was also a total let down.  Very salty, no bacon to be seen or tasted, only a couple strips of onions.  I make quiche much better than this!  Hubby had a warm chicken and brie sandwich he said was good, but the fries were soggy.  

Perhaps this place is better known for steaks, I don't know.  But after the meal we had, I would not return to this place.  There's so many other places to eat in Vegas that's much better!Horrible customer service. Do not bring a large group. The salesperson that "helped" me in advance did nothing at all for me but cause frustration. The management doesn't care if you want to give them business, so my advice is don't. I arrange group dinners and meetings for my company and I know where I'll never bring them again when we're meeting in Vegas.

Food was eh, nothing amazing that would make me change my mind about the poor customer service.Party of 2. Sunday morning brunch.  Not a guest of Paris Las Vegas hotel, but even without reservations, we were sat in 15 minutes.  Crepes were light and tasty, with a hint of carmelized sweetness.  Orange juice was very freshly squeezed.  Food was good enough, but service was awful.  Our male server had not a name tag, but a "number" tag.  He never gave us his name, was slow with initial food order, never checked up on us after food arrived by a different food runner, and took forever to bring us the check.  We liked the food, but would probably not return due to the lack of good service.The mussels were great. Everything else was seriously substandard. The chicken paillard was so bad that two of us couldn't even finish it. Way overpriced for the quality.Ate there Jan 2009, 

Anyone who thinks this is anything like a french bistro is sadly mistaken. If you looked at the menu, it basically is a steak house menu, with fish and chicken for those who do not feel like steak. The only thing french about this place is the menu, which is in french, but a steak house menu, in french, is still a steak house.

We made reservations months ago and when we arrived, the table was ready, but was right next to the waiters station and kitchen. Very loud. If I did them the favour of calling ahead that far, you would have thought I would have gotten a better table. 

If you want a okay steak, go here, if you want french, I'd pick up a copy of Rosetta Stone.When my party of 9 made dinner reservations for Mon Ami Gabi, we requested to be seated on the patio so we can catch a glimpse of the water show across the street at the Bellagio. Unfortunately, the desert gale force winds that night forced the patio dining area closed. The hostess was able to seat us even without the entre group present. The waiter was a great salesman. He talked the entire table into getting the raw oysters and shrimp platter to share and I'm glad he did. The raw oysters were so fresh and scrumptious that we ordered an extra plate of oysters. I had the porcini mushroom soup, which was make-you-want-to-lick-your-bowl good. 

However, that's where the positives ended. For a cocktail, I ordered their French Martini, which arrived room temperature and left a weird aftertaste in my mouth. It would have been much better chilled. For the main entrée, I had the Steak Roquefort (rare) and Frites. Firstly, the plate did not look very appetizing. It was a large, thin piece of meat with a glob of bleu cheese sauce in the middle and thinly cut fries haphazardly thrown on the side. Secondly, the meat was tough. If I had to order steak again, I would put in a few bucks more to get a real piece of meat like the Filet Mignon or the Bone-In Ribeye.An affordable dining experience in Paris, I mean Vegas.  Location was built out perfectly to the French theme.  They had tasty appetizers with the country pate and the garlic simmered shrimp.  The burger was cooked well with a large amount of fries.  The bread that they serve before the meal can be, "cut the top of your mouth hard" so be careful.  A local recommended the french onion soup, but I totally forgot to get that.  Great views if you get the outdoor seating!Dined here last Friday night (10/24) with friends for a 40th birthday party.  Table for 10.  The food was 50/50, and priced accordingly but the service was all but non-existent.  Ordered items missed and/or served under or over cooked, no checking on drinks, and no quality checks.  Just like the Eiffel Tower restaurant in this hotel, this establishment goes in the "poser" category - a place with the facade of a high-end food experience with the reality of an Applebees. 

I discussed the evening with the shift manager...she took the automatic 18% tip off of the bill then told us that we "were only hurting the servers" (out of guilt, we tipped back about 10%).  So to sum up:

- Mediocre food
- Bad service
- Management that makes YOU feel guilty for their shortcomings.

With so many other great places to eat in Vegas, I recommend giving this place a pass.  None of us will be back.Pros: The seafood platter was very fresh, especially the oysters! The sauces on everything was delicious! The scallops were very well prepared.

Cons: Besides the small portions, the actual steaks themselves were not that amazing. Not very tender or juicy. In addition, they give you a giant stack of fries to cover up for the fact that they give you very little entree. This leads me to say that the quality of food low for the price. 

Overall: Touristy and nice =PYum! Just like being in Paris but with great views of the strip :) food was good, service was great. (Snails wheren't that great which is why I give it a 3)I have visited this bistro several times since Paris hotel and casino is one of my favorite casinos to visit when I am in Vegas.  I was also familiar with the original in Chicago.

This last visit was not a happy occassion but you can only stand homecooked food for a certain time before you decide to go out when you visit family.

The meal itself was good, I had steak dijon well done (as requested)and my partner had the skate.  He had the soup of the day vegetarian style (very good) and I had the salade maison. 

Overall the whole meal was satisfactory including the drinks.  One note, bistros are normally small in France and in the context of Vegas, nothing is small so this one has a lot of space and its outdoor patio has the view of the dancing fountains of Bellagio.  

The service itself is exemplary except for the wait.  The salad and the soup came on a reasonable time but the entree was really a long wait.  In any restaurant, this is not excusable especially for a place not really very crowded.  When you finish the appetizer/soup/salad, you expect the dinner to come at an appropriate time.  Little quibble but prices should reflect overall service, food, timing and other extras.

One more thing, great warm bread and always ask for more if you are really enjoying, it will be good for your soup and waiting on the rest of the dinner.

No dessert to review, only had espresso. Overall recommended but not highly.In a word Salt. Everything was salty/swimming in grease. French food is one of my favorites but this, no, this was American greasy spoon dressed up with an expensive menu. The steak I had was like something you would get at a Chilis? The food here just was not good. Shocked at 4 stars on Yelp.Really overrated. Very poorly designed menu for what supposed to be a french restsurant. Very basic. Service is very slow and mediocre. Save your time and money and go to Joel Robuchon at the MGM or Bardot at the Aria instead.With the high reviews on Yelp, I expected the restaurant to be a lot better.  A couple friends and I wanted to have a nice dinner in Vegas and were deciding between MAG and N9NE and chose MAG since there aren't than many French Bistros in Seattle and because the dishes on the menu sounded delicious.

First thing I noticed was that our table was wobbly.  When I told the server, for some reason, I thought they would be surprised, but instead she acted indifferent. Also, their tables are a little small for 3 people.  Since we wanted to try different things, I hoped the size of the table wouldn't pose an issue for the dining experience.

I ordered the:
-a carafe of Frangria (similar to sangria)- it was good, but not strong at all, so I am guessing it was watered down.

-baked oysters to start- it was tasty, but they were served on these metal oyster shells, which was a little wierd to me.

-Trout Grenobloise - very similar to a chicken piccata from The Olive Garden.  The fish was cooked well, but didn't wow me.

-We didn't even want to try the dessert there.

We left two hours later from a still wobbly table, being disappointed with the food and service.  I would spend my money elsewhere. 

*Not satisfied as this place being our big Vegas dinner, we ended up going to N9NE the next night.  It was oooh so good and well worth it!!I LOVE random trips to Las Vegas and this is probably my 3rd one???
Anyways....came here with a friend for a late lunch since we were out the entire night before. We walked from the Monte Carlo to Paris and I have to state that it was one of the best walks ever. :) I haven't really cavorted the strip like that and I felt I was young again...what am I saying, I'm not even that old!
We were seated within 3-5 minutes of getting into the restaurant. Everyone has to wait in the bar area for a table. Finally, our host took us to our table outdoors. The view is spectacular. Just as we sat down, the fountain show at the Bellagio commenced. It would've been the most ideal late lunch ever,  but it ended up raining and we has to take a booth inside. boo hiss argh.
The booths are comfy and it's dim inside, which makes the setting very romantic. there's the more lit area where I'd hang with my friends, then the outdoor patio if I wanted some air.
I ordered the brie, green apple and chicken sandwich which was not what i expected. I consider myself a huge BRIE and APPLE fanatic...but this one was bland...barely any chicken in my sandwich and it was dry! The soup du jour, which was a cream mash potato mussel soup was DELICIOUS! I almost ate it all with the baguette they give you. The baguette was a little burnt at the bottom, but did not taste bad. I also ordered a bloody mary with extra horseradish...it was ok. Best bloody mary I have had was at Bear Mountains hands down, but I'll try anything once.
My friend ordered the croque monsieur but instead they gave him a croque madame, which we didn't realize until the bill came out. At that moment he exclaimed why his meal didn't look right. It was missing the creamy sauce on top.
All in all, I mayyy come back here to try their make your own bloody marys. As for the food, I was not impressed. We will see how the make your own bloody marys fare in Feb 2011!Their grilled pork tenderloin here is amazing--and I'm not even a fan of pork!  I recommend getting this dish while here. 

We were also able to get a table facing the Bellagio water show, which was awesome to view.mon ami did not live up to the expectations formed from a previous visit...had dinner here a couple of years ago...and the food was very good (i had the french onion soup and skate...my friend had a salad, hanger steak and fries)...this time around, i was a bit let down by the quality/taste of the food and service...albeit, it was very busy...but they do have a huge number of staff members that should be equipped to handle large crowds...maybe it was just a bad day...

french onion soup:  wasn't quite warm enough (the cheese was starting to harden a bit and thought it could have used a bit of sherry)
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=hflQyxOfAZyK3km7yeL5dA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=hflQyxOfAZyK3km7yeL5dA

french endive and poach egg salad:  light vinaigrette, fresh endive...lovely...can't resist a perfectly poached egg with a runny center...yum!!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=pi0CUfuOae5Uo7cFqBj-_g
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=Rwfmeq8hxuvYChrDWEatwg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=PWfkT5PQHGxMR0h28T0Z_w

hash brown:  it was okay...not very crispy...
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=da9NftqMPa6Bp-pkLAL5AQ

beef bourguignon:  also just okay...looked somewhat dried out and had an unappealing hue to it...
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=ztBkK5d6runbB-CC3ZMsIg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=UebY0IV9oCbdgPK00WrkXg

considering my great first experience here, the delicious endive salad, and the location/convenience...i'm going to give mon ami 3 stars...MEN!! WEAR A SLEEVED SHIRT! Look, I get it. This place is a very nice restaurant in the indoor seating area and the patio is a fairly nice as well (if you discount the drunks walking the strip while sucking down Smirnoff bottles slurring at people enjoying a nice meal). It just doesn't sit very well with me that because I was wearing a tank top (in the Vegas heat), I was asked to put on a white t-shirt (free of charge) to dine here. Especially when seated directly behind me was a semi-trashily dressed middle aged woman in her BIKINI TOP!  Rant over. Food was good, service was very good. I ordered the eggs benedict, which was tasty. Our server was very prompt to re-fill our coffee and water. I'd like to give the indoor part of the restaurant a shot for dinner. The decor was very nice and seems like it would be a very fine place to dine. Look for a follow-up review on this one.Were I able I would rate Mon Ami Gabi at 0. 

We attempted to dine here on our last day in Vegas, but were intercepted by the rudest hostess I had the displeasure of dealing with.

My Beau wanted to have a nice lunch with me before we left, and specifically selected Mon Ami Gabi for it's view of the Bellagio Fountains. We approached the hostess stand, and asked to be seated at a table for two on the patio. It was 3:45, yet the hostess grabbed two dinner menu's. When we inquired as to when they stopped serving lunch, we were told that dinner began at 4. The hostess, a napoleon complexed girl who was evidently severely jaded about her job, proceeded to lead us outside past a dozen empty tables to one far out of the way around the side... with a view of the facade of the building. Perfect. 

We asked if we could be seated at a table nearer the front of the patio, as we had wanted to catch the Bellagio Fountains before we left. She scowled, looked around, and said that was all she had. A basic 'screw you all, I will seat you where I want'. Again, we politely pointed out that there were many empty tables scattered throughout the patio, many of which were in the desirable location of the front. Nope. She was having none of it, and basically said that the table she was offering us near the emergency exit in the very far end/back of the patio was the only place we were welcome to dine. 

Enough of that, we decided at that point that dining there was not worth any amount of 'service' she or the waitstaff could provide. We left, without so much as sitting down. 

So perhaps the food at Mon Ami Gabi is decent, or even great... However due to a profusely incompetent hostess I did not have the opportunity to give this restaurant a chance.Come on people, this place isn't that great! Yes, the food is ok, but not amazing! Service was so-so. I was expecting a lot more.

I went for lunch and we got a french onion soup, Salmon, and Bordelaise Steak-frites (total with tip ~$75-$80). The food was ok, but something about the whole meal made me feel it was not worth it. Maybe if the servers were a little more classy. I didn't like the french onion soup, and I've had better at simple restaurants. Frites weren't good either.

I was still hungry after. I stopped by Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood afterwards to make sure I was full before I left Vegas.

I'll pass next time.This is the second time I've been to Mon Ami Gabi but might be my last. We waited a long time to be seated despite our reservations.  I ordered the steak frites with a glass of the Chateauneuf du pape. The flavor of the steak was delicious but it, as well as the fries were cold. Literally, the fries were cold and the steak was barely a room temperature. We had waited so long to sit and I was starving so I didn't bother returning it.  Disappointing.3.5 Stars

Why is their brunch menu so small??!!

Perhaps, the 3.5 star rating is due to the fact that I came here for Sunday brunch, feeling guilty about all the fat I consumed and the booze I ate.  With that said, I opted for the frizee, kale, warm bacon salad (with a side of hollandaise) and a bloody mary (that counts as a salad, right?).  Otherwise, I prolly would have chosen the eggs benedict that I hear was amazing.

With that said, the food was decent.  I would definitely come back again.  The Bloody Mary was weak because it was a bloody mary bar...I make weak bloody mary's apparently. lol.Was going to eat here but was turned away by the rude and inattentive service by the hostess.I was not very impressed with this restaurant. After living in Vegas for 8 years, I've never been and have always wanted to try it. A friend wanted to come here for his birthday, so 4 of us came for dinner on a Friday at 7:30pm. They don't take reservations for the patio so we had to wait, and the restaurant bar was crazy packed, so we went to the casino bar right outside and ordered a drink. Which, unfortunately we had to throw out when our table was ready since they wouldn't let us bring them in. We sat outside and the view was very nice, so glad they had heat lamps because I was worried about being cold out there but I was comfortable. The wines by the glass were pretty pricey, but I ordered a glass of red. I had a hard time finding anything on the menu because I wanted to eat healthy, and even the fish dishes were all seared, and served with rich sauces. I ended up ordering a spinach salad with salmon, which was fine but nothing memorable. The french baguette they brought out was pretty good. My boyfriend's scallops were a pretty small portion and just looked ok. I tried the chocolate mousse for dessert and that was nice, I'd say it was the best part of this meal. 2 of us were finished with our drinks halfway through dinner but we were never offered another round. Our waitress was not personable at all, which was unfortunate because we all work in the service industry and of course we still tipped 20%, but she would have likely gotten much more if she had seemed even remotely interested in serving us. I was actually surprised at the amount of our bill and thought it seemed high for what we all got.It's a chain - it's on the pricey side for what you get. If you're in vegas, I'd suggest going to a buffet, but this place is quick and in a great location.The first time I went was with a large group and we all loved our server and the food. And the Bloody Mary bar. The second time I went with a small group. Hated the flavourless cold soggy steak sandwich and the totally clueless server. Everything he described - based on which we ordered - was just wrong. Not even close to real. I'd say skip it and find someplace else.Not always what you pay is what you get. Because it's Vegas, the majority of restaurants go for, at the least, $25 per person. Here, price is equivalent to mediocrity. My party of 3 paid almost $100 (including tip) for thin steak, 4 scallops and a tablespoon of salmon tartar. I've been to France and portions aren't THAT small. 
They sat us in an area where we could view the strip. Nothing special. But at least the servers were friendly and consistently check on you.I've heard a lot of great things about this place, but my families experience last night was extremely sub par.  We had 8 people crammed into a tiny table, the person that opened our nice bottles of wine broke the cork (essentially butchering the wine), our wine was never put on ice or decanted, service was slow, the food was overcooked and cold... I can keep going, but all in all, we would skip it next time!we went there on a week night at 10pm and still waited half an hour to be seated at the patio! heard that this is famous and gd so we are happy to wait and try. the service was good, the view is gorgeous with the fountain show right in front of us. 
The disappointing part goes to the food.... sadly. We ordered steak and grilled salmon, these 2 are hard to go wrong. First of all they are wayyyyy too salty! even the fries on the side... can barely eat them! the meat quality of the steak is not as good, like the standard of the diner. don't like the food there... maybe their brunches are more famous than the dinner you could figure it out yourself. The 3 stars goes for the seating and the view.Came for breakfast! Food was great, our server was not so much. Forgetful and inattentive. C'est la vie!Food was actually excellent!!  Good ambiance too. The only reason for the lower rating is that the service was bad. Our server was curt. She did not come to check up on us throughout the meal, and in fact was the least helpful server we have had in a very long time.We came here for a bachelorette party brunch and had high hopes for this place. We mainly focused on the seafood section and was left disappointed. 

*Food*
- Escargot: so savory and went perfectly with the bread they provided!

- Eggs Benedict: I was a little disappointed with this dish, the ones I had back home at a diner was better. Portion size was small, just an egg over a sad soggy English muffin. 

- Baked Scallop: 3 scallops baked to perfection and the sauce went perfect with the bread.

- Seafood Crepe: another disappointing dish, nothing to break the seafood and creme combination, so you get tired of the taste after 5 bites. 

- Mussels: DO NO ORDER. They were NOT fresh mussels. We even told the waitress about it and she said the they have fresh ones daily. Not true, 1 taste and you know it has been sitting there for days.

We had some amazing seafood the day before at L'Atelier de Bouchon where we felt like we were eating right out of the ocean, but the mussels we had felt like they got them from the gutter. Disappointing way to end our meal. 

* Service *
- Our waitress was polite enough, although her demeanor did not seem genuine. Overall it was fine, we got our bread and water fast enough.Second time here. First time around, my girls and I got salmon benedicts- which were excellent, except for when one of them found an eggshell in her food. The english muffin was a little more toasted than usual but i didn't mind that very much. When she pointed it out, we were met with a shrug. This time around I took a friend to whom i had raved to about the benedicts here.  i ordered the salmon benedict once again. This time both eggs were overdone. Seriously, Mr. Cook/chef at Mon Ami Gabi? Poached eggs have to be slightly runny. These were almost boiled. There was too little hollandaise. Moreover, the english muffins were rock hard, to the point that i could not cut a piece with my silverware. The best and only edible thing on the plate was the hash browns. That is disgraceful. 

I will never be going back.I received a response the day after my post and I was told if I want the general manager would like to give me a call to discuss my comments I gave them my number and to this day I have not received a call!  I'm Not too surprised the manager never came to put table as our waiter said the he would so why would they call me?? At this point I don't want them to botherThis restaurant is overrated. They market themselves as a brunch restaurant but their brunch menu is very limited (for example they only have one egg dish!). It gets really busy on the weekends and often there is a long line at the entrance. Sit outside! It is gorgeous and air conditioned! If you are a vegetarian, then this is not the place for you: they only have two vegetarian dishes. I had the Vegetables Tagin and it was a weird vegetable soup with beans, hardly a tagin and definitely not satisfying. I suggest their chef reviews the definition of a "Tagin"!Came to Mon Ami Gabi cause we heard amazing things from friends and via Yelp! 

Atmosphere was romantic. Dimly lit, cute parisian decorations and really just perfect. It was windy and hot that day so we opted for a window seat but inside the restaurant vs patio and still got an amazing view of the bellagio fountain shows. We ordered the escargot, mussels, bone in ribeye with a side of sauteed mushrooms, and creme brulee.

The FOOD verdict:

Escargot...a bit TOO chewy and really bland considering it was being drowned in garlic butter :(

Mussels were DELICIOUS! I wish we got an entire full order vs half order....mmmmn! best item of the night :D

Bone in Ribeye so mediocre and considering it took an hour after ordering to come out you would think it would be amazing but nope! 

Sauteed Mushrooms don't order, not worth it and even more tasteless than the ribeye. 

Creme Brulee was very good! But i don't think I've ever had a bad creme brulee...LOL 

Overall food was meh and it took forever for our main course! 

Service: 

Hostess were a bit snobby and were kinda rude when I asked for a photo. Our server Dawn was nice at first but she had a really condescending tone when I would ask about the whereabouts of our food. And listening to her talk to another table I could tell she may have just been having a bad day cause she was rude to them too. 

Basically view and atmosphere were amazing and romantic! Food was 2/5 and service from hostess and server were 1/5. 

Step up your game Mon Ami Gabi, there's too many good restaurants on the strip for you to be acting like the only hot french girl in the room.came here because of the reviews, so of course I wanted to try this place.  I made a reservation online and I suggest you do that before coming because there was a wait when I came during lunch.  

ordered: 
pesto escargot - the pesto was really good but I didn't like the escargot.  it was too soft.  I thought it would be a little bit more chewy or something.  

merlot steak frites - I didn't really like this dish.  the steak was skirt steak I think?  so it was pretty thin and not of good quality.  kind of chewy.  the Merlot sauce was good though.  I also tried a piece of the classique steak and it was pretty plain.  Merlot is better.  I also liked the thin fries it came with! yummie. I love fries.Came here once for lunch and was not happy with the service. The place is really nice and big, good for large and small parties. We got sat outside under the dome so we got a nice view of the Strip and the sky. 

Waited a bit for our server to take our drink orders, my sister asked which flavors for coffee they offer and the guy said "We have them all" along with a dismissive hand gesture like we annoyed him by asking... like really? I highly doubt that they have ALL the flavors. I don't know if he was just too busy or give us a few options or he didn't know... he could have answered in a more polite manner. 

We ordered the housemade country pate which was really good! The pate was so creamy and smooth, it was delicious. I got the Salmon, Spinach and Baby Kale Salad and my sister got the Classic Quiche Lorraine - both were pretty good. 

I would definitely come back for the food, but for a nice place on the Strip, the service needs improvement. Not criticizing the entire restaurant, but our server really ruined our first impression of the place.Recommend here for the view of the Bellagio fountain show. Outside tables are warm with plenty of seat lamps. The food is par. The table got escargot which was good. The chicken pate was ok. I got the mushroom pasta which the mushrooms were well seasoned. The filet was a bit tough but cooked perfectly.  We also got the salmon and trout dish.  The service felt rushed.  Overall nice experience but don't expect the meal to be mind blowing.Strong 3.5 stars 

Previously I are here over 7 years ago and wasn't the most impressed with the place! For me living in Montreal there are many easy options for French cuisine. I came here because members of my dining group wanted to come here. Not to sound unimpressed, pretentious and a mega jerk but most fine dining restaurants in Montreal and Quebec will do a great job of frites steak. Also, many restaurants have excellent selection and usually 10+ different ways of serving frites moules. So....eating French in Vegas is a bit kitschy for this guy. But of course it serves the Paris well and those who live far from France or Quebec. 

When you enter the restaurant it sure gives you the feeling of being in a Paris bistro in some back alley arrondissement. They did an admirable job here in decor and design. If you can get a table on the patio you have some fantastic views in the evening of the Bellagio fountain as it goes off. 

Since we gorged ourselves on the Bachannal Buffet (Caesars) earlier I was not super hungry. We started off with some apps of oysters, scallops. Both were fresh and done perfectly. Then I decided to have the warm goat cheese salad. It was very flavourful, lighter and I'd highly recommend it if you are down with goat cheese. To finish off I really love a good chocolate mousse so I selected this. It was a larger portion but light, chocolatey and delicious.

One word of caution, no restroom in the restaurant. You need to exit the restaurant and follow on the left side by the sports book in the casino. 

Overall everyone in our group had a great meal with awesome conversation. The restaurant is not cheap but this is the norm in Vegas.I was very disappointed with my dinner here.  I thought 4 stars, 344 reviews - this place must be solid.  My pizza from a fast food place at the Venetian was more satisfying.

Maybe I'm being too harsh as there were semi-positives to my meal:
1. the french onion soup, which my server claimed was the best ever.  It was good, but I cannot agree with her claim.
2. the french fries.  They were thin and crispy and cooked just how I like them.  I think I'm committing a faux pas by saying this, but I thought the fries here were better than the very famous Bouchon fries (which I tried the next day).
3. the bread pudding.  Once again, my server claimed it was the best ever.  It was good, but not the best ever.  I love bread pudding and this stuff was just okay.  I've def had a lot better (the Nordstrom Cafe bread pudding is the best!)
4. the oysters.  I didn't try these, but my bf said they were good and he loves oysters.

However, the positives didn't really balance out the not so great entrees.

My bf ordered a roasted chicken that was flavorless.  Don't offer roasted chicken as a house special if it's going to be dry and just not good.  

I ordered the fish and frites (hence the yummy french fries).  The fish was disgusting.  It was pounded down and fried as like one large circle.  I took 2 bites and couldn't eat anymore of it.  Yuck!

Perhaps we should have ordered something else, but I will not be returning to eat a meal at Mon Ami Gabi (I might just order some fries to go!).  Just like how I felt for Craftsteak, there are too many other dining options in Vegas to come back to this one.I was really interested in dining at this restaurant. I called and asked how long a table for 2 would be and the hostess said she could not disclose that. I tried to rephrase it, hoping for an answer so we didn't have to make the long walk for an hour+ wait. "Are you very busy right now?" Still wouldn't tell me. Totally garbage policy and a major turnoff.I came here Sunday March 20th 2016, and it wasn't pleasant from the first second they seated me. Once I walked up to the table, their was dirty napkins left on the chair from the previous party. Once that was taken care of, they switched out the whole chair, & continued with taking my order.  I got the bordelaise steak & frites ( medium well ), alongside a seafood tower. It didn't last in my stomach for more then 45 minutes. I vomited over a dozen times, & I also had diarrhea. I spent the next 2 nights in the emergency & ICU with food poisoning. I just got home this evening, and I've never felt worst in my life. 

To be honest, once I took a bite of the shrimp and steak I already noticed it was not all that. Also, the fries plated with my steak were paper thin and tasteless. Don't let views and atmosphere of the location distract you.food was ok. nothing special. just over-priced vegas food. nice if you get a seat on the patio. we were shoved in a corner in the main dining room.This is the top rate restaurant in yelp, because of this, I came here with family. The customer service is very nice, but food is just so so. Will never come again. This place has a great view near the street table, a good place to date.If I could give this place no stars in my review, I would. I know that this is cliché and overdone, but it is completely true.  

I made reservations through OpenTable, but when my girlfriend and I arrived 10 minutes early, we found that we had to wait in a long line.  What is the point in making a reservation if one must wait in line?

Initially, we thought this was a mistake, but the 3 "hostesses" in front of the restaurant quickly corrected us by pointing to the "guest with reservations" line.  They couldn't even smile or apologize for the wait,  but rather dismissed us, as if they had no time for our question.

This place is a joke.  The only thing about this "French bistro" is the arrogance displayed by the 3 "hostesses".

Save your precious time and go someplace else.Steak frites was hardly passable. Good view of Bellagio fountains. Waiter was not inclined to discuss menu options and did not know what prosecco is! Skip this place on the strip. For $11 more you can have a mouth watering steak frites in a great atmosphere at Bouchon. Go there! Your welcome.came here 2 years ago impressed by the ambience and food. not so this time.

wow, surprised that the prime beef sandwich was so chewy and dry. they really should remove the "steakhouse" from their name. the brie and garlic appetizer was good though. 

come here if you want to sit on the patio and enjoy the Bellagio fountains, just don't expect high quality foodJust ok nothing spectacular. I think it's way overrated. Had the oatmeal which was undercooked and super thick. Had the egg breakfast and potatoes were cold. Would expect more from a 4 star.Couldn't have been more disappointed....we came here back in January and had Billy as our server and the service plus food was exceptional. Last night we came in for my husbands 40th and we flew in just to eat here and our server RUINED the evening. His pretentious, rude, miserable personality put a huge damper on the meal and I hope whatever is stuck up his old miserable ass gets stuck further when he hopefully gets kicked out of the door of this place.   I'm so sad that this place is now tainted by this experience.I thought the French onion soup was a little sweet for my taste.Came here for breakfast, this is not their strong suit. The only reason I'm not giving 2 stars is because we sat outside on the patio, and the view of the Bellagio fountains and nice day made it much more enjoyable.

First off, their coffee is $4 each, but right when you sit they start pouring. I knew they charged, but I feel like they should ASK the customer if they would like to purchase the coffee rather than just pour it and charge you. 

We got mostly omelette and one french toast to share. The omelettes were just average. For a French place I expected better. When I was in Paris, we had eggs and omlettes at a random cafe and they were cooked perfectly, I expect the same of Mon Ami when you're paying $13 for basically a few eggs. I got the turkey and egg white one. The turkey was flavorless and dry, the egg whites were dry, the avocado and tomato relish on top was forgetable. The french toast was just OK, I could probably make it at home. 

Basically, nothing stood out here except the ambiance and view. I MIGHT conisder coming back for lunch or dinner but with so many other, better options in Vegas that's probably not going to happen.Stopped in briefly for a lunch, using up some LEYE diner points... yes this review is way way late - the actual visit was so long ago, I'd have to look up my checkins to recall exactly when... 

Anywhoo, the service was good and accommodating, they let us park our luggage by the hostess booth area while we ate out in the atrium, it was too warm outside, so it was nice to be in A/C but have the alfresco vibe (which is my preference)... kept it cool with a seafood sampler platter bread and iced teas.

I think this one is much better than the one in Chicago... but that isn't a surprise... its Vegas baby. ;-)I'm not really a fan of French food, but majority of my group wanted to eat here.  The food was pretty good, though it is kind of a scramble to find something more free of French influence.  I had the Chicken Paillard which was pretty good. If you sit on the patio, you have a perfect view of the Bellagio's fountain display as well.  Besides that I'm not a fan of French food, my only real issue was that I paid in cash and my waitress automatically assumed I did not want any change.  I asked her three times for change back over 30 minutes and she kept trying to tell me that she could only give me a certain amount back.I have been dining here for seven years and it has gone down hill.  I always look forward to the Skate Wing.  They have cut the portion in half and removed the potatoes from the dish.  So, I was very let down and did not really enjoy the cauliflower puree, which, I may add was a very small portion.  I kept looking at my plate and wondered where the rest of my meal was.....
I also don't understand what they did to the carrot salad that is served at the beginning of the meal.  It is was cut thicker and I think had onions in it, ugh.
My friend ordered the Poulet Roti and it was dry and uninspired.  
I really felt that I was in a tourist trap this time and will think long and hard about returning.It's not terrible, but for the price and the reviews i thought it should have been a lot better! The French onion soup was so salty!! I had to ask for more baguettes to even try and finish it.
It was cool to try some escargots though. I hate the seating policy of how everyone has to be there in order to be seated. It's unnecessary when the entire restaurant is empty.A group of girls and I came here for breakfast because we thought it'd be cute and nice.

The patio is actually really nice and I enjoyed the view and the sun. The servers aren't really friendly, our server didn't smile and her customer service was lacking. 

I ordered the special pancakes and the mushroom omelette and I straight up found a curly hair on my omelette, not even hidden, it was just on top of my omelette. I can't believe they didn't even quality check their food before serving it. It was so freaken obvious.

I was really annoyed and sent it back but my replacement omelette came out super fast. It was suspiciously fast. I should've broke my omelette before sending it back. I have a feeling they picked the hair out and sent it back to me. 

I didn't have a good time here, food was only mediocre. Nothing to rave about. Meh. Super disappointing, they didn't even apologize for the hair. It was a terrible way to start the morning. Now I'm cranky.we ordered the mid steak fries, however the steak tasted like mid-well to well done.
and the waiter still claim it is midRight next door to my hotel was this charming spot to eat with a great Strip-facing patio. 
Decided to stop in for breakfast, and was seated promptly by the hostess. The server was along quickly and took my order for an Eggs Benedict. The food was out 10-15 minutes later. Presentation was terrific, but the dish was luke warm, and the hollandaise had a fairly strange taste. 
The free entertainment came in the form of a man 20 feet away that was yelling at the sidewalk. I'm not sure what it did to tick him off, but he was very angry. I was waiting for a fight to break out. He was back the next day. This time his nemesis was a bench. Best free entertainment on the Strip.
Overall, the food wasn't very good, the service was great, and the patio and location are terrific.I found this place on yelp for my first Vegas trip. I wanted a memorable and delicious meal. What I got was overpriced and poor service. The food was good but the setting was cramped and awkward for the price. It felt like an Olive garden with $40 meals. Our server was clearly too good for the likes of us despite us dressing in formal wear and ordering drinks, appetizers and steaks. I would recommend anywhere but here for a date night, unless you like feeling judged in a mall restaurant setting.not friendly staff. food was OK and expensive. not worth the hype. Per person comes out to be ~ 25-30. Better try buffet at Bellagio across the street.The atmosphere is great ... also great placement.. waiters were courteous enough and properly placed plates which is rare ... food was amazing. The issues I had were as following. First we had to wait for a table to be cleaned, no biggie... then they drop off the bread in a full loaf, not cut... provide us with neither butter or a knife to cut it with.  5 min later the butter arrives lol. I ordered chicken so they finally brought me a steak knife and placed it directly on the table, no napkin or anything under it ... following that I watch a waiter kick a bread loaf bag under a table then walk on by ... another busser saw this and did not consider to pick it up. Last pet peve, as I walked through the restaurant to find a restroom all were too busy to ask if they could help, I was obviously lost, and when I tried to walk back to my table after not finding a restroom not 1 but 6 bussers and waiters jumped right in front of me. Never have I high end restaurant employee cut me off without a second look. I think a bit of staff training is in order that's why I'm leaving a 3 star hope to see it improve in the future :)Check in on labor day weekend for breakfast. Never a fan of a tourist spot restaurants but its always cool to try new things. Couldn't decide and my phone shut off from partying so hard to tell what to get aha. Had the steak and eggs and it was okay, coulda been better, 4oz steak was flat and small. Friends had seared tuna sandwich - it was huge but a lil too salty and old. And the special steak - which was really good. We were also in the middle room so it got a lil chilly from the wind blowing out. Definetly would like to try againnNothing outstanding, nothing terribly bad. Just mediocre with a good representation of Parisian-style attitude from the wait staff. Breakfast for 2 $48.00Maybe I came on a bad day, but service was not up to par in comparison to all the other strip restaurants. The best part I could say I had was probably the complimentary baguette that was given in the beginning of our dinner. 

Our server took a while, but we were patient. I saw a sandwich from afar and asked her what kind it is and where one could find it on the menu. We missed the lunch menu but she said she would make an exception for me and order it. Turns out, it was a steak sandwich and I didn't feel like eating steak and asked for chicken instead. Grilled chicken breast with brie cheese and tangy granny smith apples. Sounds great right? It should be! Problem was, I had too much bread going on in my sandwich. Or not enough filler in between my bread. 

My eating companion got the classic steak and frites. He has had his fair share of French cuisine and stated he definitely had better, but it was decent. 

All in all, not sure if I would come back here next time I visit Vegas.Located in the front of Paris Hotel/Casino.  It's in the vein of a Parisian bistro with outdoor seating.  

Only 5 Stars as I only went there once for breakfast. 

Hint you want to sit in the semi outdoor section-- all the conforms of the outside without re-frying your eggs in the Vegas sun.  If you're a real sun worshiper ask to be seated outside.  

There's a great looking bar in the semi-outdoor section which is high on my list for my next visit visit to Vegas.  

We asked for the entree to be split between 2 people. Ok it was a pain in the butt request but at $25 for enough eggs to feed a small country the entree screamed to be spilt.   The entree came on one plate and we were asked, "Do you want a 2nd plate?"  Yes was the obvious answer to a question that didn't need to be asked.  It was a breakfast share not sharing nachos.  

It's over priced but it's Vegas!No foie gras on the menu...disappointed me coming from San Francisco.

Chicken liver mousse and pate was sold out.  Really, what else am I going to eat at a French restaurant??? A Cheeseburger???

Seafood tower was okay, had more extravagant ones before.

Escargot was bland...

Mussels were too buttery and needed a bit more acid.

Moet was perfect.

Service was friendly.Made reservations via OpenTable a few weeks ago for dinner here this weekend. I've heard many good things about this place, and I like that it's not super expensive as most Vegas restaurants are. Service was impeccable from the beginning, and our server (Jeremy) was courteous, efficient, and hovered just enough. Our water glasses were always filled, and we never had to wait to ask for anything.

We started our meal with drinks - le moine (I think? it was the one with ginger beer) for me, and a blue moon for him. I thought it was nice that even though we said we didn't need a glass for the beer, he still brought one out (with an orange, no less) "just in case". Very thoughtful. We also started with the salmon tartare, which was nice and refreshing and perfect for the hot weather (we were lucky to be early enough to get a patio seat but we were seated in the corner with no air from the inside coming through to us). I liked the avocado with the salmon, and the chips were good (maybe a little more salt would've been nice?). It also came with olives, pickled peppers, and pickles.

For our mains, I had the filet mignon merlot which was nice and tender at my requested medium rare. BF had the 22oz ribeye and the first bite of that was perfection - nicely seasoned and so juicy. Both our steaks came with frites, and as BF puts it, they tasted "like the last of In-N-Out fries that no one wants". They were flat, very crispy, and needed to be dunked in ketchup or some kind of sauce to have more flavor. We both would have liked to have subbed the frites with another side instead. As for the steaks, I think as the meal went on, and they cooled down, the wow factor decreased, and by the end, we felt they were good, but not memorable. We also had a glass of pinot noir with our steaks, and that was fine but not one of the better glasses we've had (not as smooth and buttery as we've come to appreciate from restaurant wine).

Our meal ended with complementary cream puff & ice cream since it was my birthday, which was sweet. Ice cream was good, cream puff was meh. But it's free, so can't knock 'em for that.

In the end, we left feeling like it was a 3-star meal. Food was good, but again not necessarily something we'd keep coming back for. Had it once, and that's enough for us. But, drinks were good, and service was great. I think it's a good mid-price option, with a great view of the Bellagio fountains IF you can get one directly in front and hopefully close enough to the inside so you can get some a/c in 'cause it was HOT!We had brunch here  Saturday morning.  The selection was not so great, but my ham & cheese omelette was pretty good.  I'd like to give it another try, next time for dinner.  Hopefully, it will will up to all the rave reviews it has received on here.TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT. Soft baguette wrapped in a paper bag and tasteless butter, oversized quiche and cold& dry fries, in spite of that the daily special lobster soup and cocktails were okay. Maybe it's because we missed the highly-rated brunch time so we got crappy lunch...Went with a large group. The food was cold and the bernaise sauce was icy. The other waiter never came back so we couldn't switch out. Ended up just eating it.This is the cute sidewalk cafe with red umbrellas. Came here because a friend highly recommended it. The food was flavorful but very salty and huge portions. I did not like the huge portions it encourages over eating. Knocking off 2 stars because salty and oversize portions.Food is pretty underwhelming.. Service at least for us was pretty bad. We got a red haired waiter that was pretty must ignoring us for about 40 minutes. For a restaurant that bills itself as a medium priced high quality French bistro, one would expect a little bit of better service. If you are in town don't waste your time and go to Bouchon instead of this tourist trap.I used to love to come here because of the scallops. In my recent visit I was quite disappointed in the overly burnt brussel sprouts and the squash puree. My husband had the burger and enjoyed it. My son ordered the kid's grilled cheese and that was great except they got his order wrong and received the correction nearly at the end of our meal. What I liked is that the staff apologized to him for the error and brought out the fries while he waited. My family will surely give this place another try as we favored it in the past.Went here for "brunch". In reality it was the lunch menu with 5 breakfast options. We went around 3pm. I asked the hostess which table was best to not be in full sun. She had no idea and put us at a table in full sun that was inside. We waited almost 10 minutes to even be acknowledged after we sat. My bf got the bloody mary bar options to make his own. He really liked it but when he went up for a second time they had already taken the bar away and our server said nothing to us knowing he wanted to go up more than once. We had to constantly ask for water refills and the water was sitting in a metal pitcher which meant the water was Luke warm. No ice. The food was ok. The French onion soup was good but the French Toast was nothing special. Our server Jessica stood around at the bar chatting with another server while we waited for service. My last gripe is I ordered a cappuccino which was served to me in the smallest cup ever. It was 3 sips and way too expensive. I will not be going back.Great breakfast/brunch spot in LV, and reasonably priced.  Good, standard brunch menu, with good sized portions.  Also, incredible bacon.Finally got a chance to return after a couple of years and unfortunately did not have a great experience this time. Our waitress made some kind of error which resulted in me receiving the wrong cut of steak. When informing the staff that this wasn't the cut I ordered, the waitress fought me and insisted that is what I ordered. I know what I ordered, and it was not that cut of beef. After receiving the correct steak, I found it to be overlooked, cold and overall a low quality cut. The frites were also underwhelming, cold and stale. My wife's steak also came out cold. Not the experience I would expect after ordering $35 steaks. I'm teetering between two and three stars here. The service overall was good, but we had another large group and they sat us at the smallest possible table in a busy area, so I was constantly getting bumped. Since the rest of the group didn't seem to have any problems, I will give them the benefit of the doubt this time. Probably won't return however.aww man what happened. new cook? Less butter? i don't know. Just went back for my second time and i gotta say i remembered it being a whole lot better. last year around new years me and my girlfriend found this place and decided to have dinner here. I ordered the roast chicken and it was amazing. So this weekend it was my girlfriends bday so we decided to go back to mon ami gabi and get the chicken because it was so freaking good the first time. womp womp not so much this time, chicken was kind of dry and didn't have as much flavor as that first night that i fell in love with this place. too bad i really did like this place it used to be five stars in my book. sad timesFood was really good. But the service was really bad   We waited 20minutes at the table before anybody even said anything.  And the person that final said something was a witness that had just got back from lunch and nobody was covering her tables for her. Unfortunately for us we were setting at her table.Ehh. Ok. Cool views from outsideI want to give 5 stars alone for the restaurant being so accomodating when I tried booking a large party lunch reservation for my birthday weekend. Drew, their group event planner, was very helpful with the reservation process, willingly changing our reservation time and at the last minute, changing it from a large party (12 people) to only 4 people for lunch.

However the food was ok for the price and ambiance. We were seated at a table next to another 2 top table literally inches away from us ("rubbing elbows" is an understatement." The servers were nice, attentive and well informed of the specials. I went with the lobster roll, which was stuffed with lobster but was too creamy for my taste (I favor traditional New England lobster rolls that highlight the lobster with basic butter.) My chips started out crispy but were bland and tough to chew by meals end. I liked the idea of my boyfriends open faced tuna melt sandwich, but preferred eating his fries which were crispy and seasoned well. My girlfriend got the seafood crepe, and she said the scallops were cooked to perfection, but very pricey ($19) for what you got. Her husband scarfed down his corned beef hash and eggs, but the portion was so small, he finished my lobster roll for me.

I might have given another star if we were sat on the patio but it was a 45 minute wait! Overall, It wasn't bad but I would check out Bouchon for a bigger brunch menu next time.My wife and I have been to this restaurant twice before, it has become a must-go place for us. Love the food, love the view of the music fountains, and we would recommend it to anyone visiting Vegas. Because it was so amazing we decided to take my family here for our wedding celebration. They just flew in from China for our wedding, and they have never been to Vegas.

We were a large group (9 people), most of them don't know English. The menu was not entirely in English so I had to take a bit time to understand what to expect. On top of that some of my family members were vegetarians. So naturally it took a bit longer to translate and order everything. Our server was extremely impatient and rude, she was giving me attitude for asking too many questions and told me to just look at the menu. My dad and uncle ordered their signature steak, which came with either mashed potatoes or fries. She didn't even bother to ask us what we want and just did fries for them - my uncle has dental issues and obviously prefers mashed potatoes. She did not give me a choice to switch them either. I understand she has multiple tables to serve, but it wasn't necessary to treat my family this way. We felt scared to ask for anything, and our wedding celebration night was very uncomfortable. Since we are a party greater than 5, there was a mandatory 18% tip. Otherwise I would not have left anything for them.

I love the food and the restaurant, but I was very disappointed in the way international guests were treated there. If you are traveling with someone who doesn't speak English, please look the other way!"My friend Gabi" aka Mon Ami Gabi. Definitely French inspired atmosphere. Dim, low key lighting made it a relaxed, romantic setting. Situated across the street from the Bellagio hotel, it's pretty easy to spot. We came here with friends for a nice dinner. 

We decided to order their French onion soup as our appetizer first. The mozzarella cheese on top was delicious. However, we didn't particularly like the soup because it was too sweet from the large amount of sautéed onions in it. The flavor was good, though. 

We all ordered steaks: filet mignon, hanger steak, and steak au poivre. All were cooked to our specified temperature. We all agreed that the steaks needed more salt on them. My steak au poivre (in French, it just means pepper steak) was kind of bland. I didn't detect a hint or the aroma of black pepper. So, I was kind of disappointed, considering we were paying a good amount of money for quality steaks. The side of frites was ok. 

Overall, the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't out of this world good. However, if you happen to be walking past this restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip, you can still give them a go. We haven't tried everything on their menu. So, their other items may be good.My husband brought me to Mon Ami Gabi, on the last night we were in Vegas for our honeymoon. I really loved the atmosphere, and we were seated right away since my husband had made prior reservations. We sat facing the patio, with a decent view of the strip at night. Our waitress didn't take long to come up and take our order for drinks, explaining the night's specials and such.

I ordered a Paris Romance cocktail, while my husband ordered the special Sangria to start the evening. My hubby also wanted to try the Warm Olive Jar, which I personally wasn't too thrilled about, but tried it anyways.

While we waited for our drinks to come, I noticed that waiters and waitresses kept leaning in behind me and grabbing something. Turns out, I was sitting RIGHT in front of where they keep the jar of iced water and they kept bumping into me and leaning in every time they grabbed the jar. Honestly, that's what made my night so annoying.

So then, our drinks get there and I hear the waitress say, "Parisian Peach" as my drink. I'm sitting there wondering what I had ordered, but I was 100% I hadn't ordered the peach drink because I don't really like peach. Turns out, she got my order wrong and brought me the cocktail listed right above the Paris Romance. So I had to return the drink and get the correct one.

Next our Olive Jar came in, and that was strange in itself. It was a jar filled with a variety of herbs and garlic. All the olives in the jar had the pits in them, so it rather unsatisfying to sit there and have to nibble around the seed in order to eat the olive itself.

During that time, we got a warm loaf of bread with butter which I was scarfing down pleasurably. However, our waitress was very inattentive to us and we had to keep getting the attention of OTHER waiters, because our lovely lady wasn't checking up on us. So after about 20 minutes into the meal, she finally took our order. I ordered the Steak Classique with the added on Lobster Tail, while my husband ordered 3 Artisan Cheeses with a side order of the Garlic Spinach (what the hell was he thinking?).

We waited a good long while, I'm going to guess another 15 minutes, before our food arrived. During that time, our missing waitress still wasn't keeping up with us and we had to ask another gentleman to bring us more bread and take our empty Olive Jar. When my hubby's food arrived, I couldn't help but laugh and giggle at his girly little plate of food.

Three pieces of random cheese, some wheat crackers, and slices of apple. His spinach looked like a pile of mutilated grass mulch. He had ordered this because he read a review on yelp about another guy ordering this and having his friends laugh at him. I think that should have been enough for my hubby NOT to order this, but alas, we all have to learn somehow.

Anyways...my steak was HUGE. I ended up cutting it in half and giving a big slab to to my husband, because I felt bad for what he had ordered. I also shared my lobster tail with him. I have to admit the lobster and the steak was good, but not great. Not necessarily the best kind of french cuisine I would have hoped.

All in all it was on OK experience, but I probably wouldn't go back there. The service wasn't so great, and neither was the food. The atmosphere, though, I honestly have to give 4 stars for the ambiance. The food and service still gets a 2 1/2 from me.Went here with my husband and a group (7 total) of his co-workers last Night. We're here on a business trip exhibiting at the MAGIC fashion convention. 

The experience started with a moderately rude waiter, not sure if he was playing the stereotypical "rude French" part or not but it was not a pleasant way to start the evening (Minus 1 star). We were seated at a nice table outside which is definitely a highlight for this restaurant. Bonus that you can watch the Bellagio water show from your table.

 The fresh bread, butter and shredded carrots was delicious and the best part of the meal. The appetizers we ordered were meh... (salmon sashimi, more like ceviche, and the escargot). For entree, we all variations of their steak dishes, all of which came out Luke warm with Luke warm fries (Minus 2 stars).

Overall, a very lackluster experience that I will definitely not want to relive.We had Sunday brunch at Mon Ami Gabi on 9/4/17. The food was decent, and our waitress, a ginger haired lady from Pennsylvania, was very pleasant and gave us good service. The hostesses were rude and unhelpful. When they could not find our reservation they gave us a buzzer so we could wander in the Paris casino until our table was ready. When we approached them after about 10 minutes to let them know we thought the buzzer may be malfunctioning, they did not listen and dismissed us, telling us to wait until we were called. We went back 10 minutes after that to ask about the status of this table - meant to be a 10 minute wait and were asked why we hadn't come when they buzzed us . The food was fine, not at all special, we'll find another brunch spot next time we're in town.The last time I went, we got the seafood tower and the shrimp was so rubbery and fishy; I had to run to the restroom afterwards.  This used to be my favorite place! I was so sad that my last visit was so terrible. The ambiance is beautiful with great views but the food was lacking. Escargot was pretty good but definitely not my favorite rendition.This review is based entirely on the poor service we received. We did not even get a chance to eat because it was so difficult for them to seat us that we grew so tired of waiting and their incompetence that we finally left. 

We were told it would be 15-20 minutes for a table for 4 on the patio. No problem. We were buzzed that our table was ready only for them to tell us it was a mistake. So we kept waiting. We were buzzed again only to be led to a table for 2. There are 4 of us. When we pointed this out we were given attitude from the hostess that our entire party wasn't there (one finishing up their slot credits right outside the restaurant) and she couldn't seat us for that reason. Obviously they couldn't seat us anyway because we can't all fit at a table for 2!  

Seriously annoyed we had to start our wait all over again. It seems like we could have been bumped to the top of the list at least. When we got buzzed again, we were told again that it was a mistake! At this point it had been an hour since we first arrived so we left. We were not rude and nothing was offered to make amends for all of their mistakes. Severely disappointed because I have heard such great things about their food.Personally I don't think i really enjoy my experience here that much. I think the most memorable thing about this place is that when you sit outside you get to see the Bellagio water show. I find that quite nice if you are enjoying your lunch or dinner and you get a pretty nice water show performing. 

Food was alright. I think if i never tried Zazie then this place might just be 4 stars but it just wasn't what I call AMAZING. I didn't expected much but for some reason I find myself leaving the place quite disappointed. I think the thing that got me the most was the fact that it was warm when the food was deliver to our table. I don't get it...the dishes should of just been cooked for us and the food is warm? If you are a pretty high up there restaurant, you just don't expect to see this kind of features. I'm just not satisfy with the fact that we were brought out with warm food. It absolutely makes no sense to me. 

I think the bread was very disappointing. I really hated the bread that they provided us. It just didn't meet any of my high class restaurant's bread. I mean I can go to Coco's and they can serve me better and more delicious bread than them. The bread was just plain dry and it was pretty hard to bite off a piece because it was crunch. YEA...didnt like it much. 

TO THE MAIN ENTREES

I got the Croque Madame which was alright. After I tried Zazie, it's just alright in my book. The thing I find my Croque Madame quite oily? It's okaay i think i can kinda overlook that. I also tried the French Onion soup which was quite nice. I actually find the French onion soup the most enjoyable EXCEPT that once i dig my spoon under the cheese the soup was still quite warm. Which is a big WTF for me. I tried two other dishes but as yea I think the overall was an alright to me. 

Service...it was a so so. At first I thought the waiter was quite nice and refreshing because it seems like he is trying to have a great convo with us. You know after the main entrees was serve to us...it was like he became a ninja and just kinda disappear. The leaving experience was a lot worst.The reason why is that we asked for the check and he just forget about it. So we were sitting there for a good 10 mins until we finally asked for it again. THEN we finally got the check and leave.

It's not a must try place in my book but I wouldn't kill myself if i had to come here again.Mon Ami Gabi is definitely a good spot for tourists taking pictures and enjoying view of Bellagio fountain. Price is quiet fair if we are talking about strip price here. Food is really average in my opinions. I choose this place because I got friends visiting from oversea. Of course, they would love to see views of  Bellagio fountain and Eiffel tower when dining. 

Onion soup: tasted good and not too salty which i like and with lots cheese
Escargot: less seasoned and boring (very disappointed) to a big escargot fan!
Crab cake: tasted fresh and light with good flavors
Filet Mignon: meat quality was pretty good, juicy and tender (perfect medium rare)
Seared Scallop: perfect done and tender but sauce was really average (no wow)
Duck confit: duck meat was done juicy and tender, however I was not a fan of t dish sauce 

Overall I gave 3 stars to their food, 3 stars to their services and 4 stars to the" VIEW". 
Will I come back again? The answer will be yes, when I have tourist friends in town.Shame on me for ordering such a mundane thing as a burger at this place.   But the gruyere cheese got my interest and I wanted their fries.  I specifically asked for a medium rare burger and what I got, of course, was a well done burger with literally a paper thin slice of cheese.  It was $13 and did come with their fantastic fries.  The burger was not made on the premises and was in fact pre-formed.  That's ridiculous.

I waited at least 15 minutes for the replacement.  There was no offer to take it off the bill..I took it off the bill myself.  Horrible on-site floor managers.  They could care less about your dining experience.  I wrote to the corporate offices of Lettuce Entertain You.  They never wrote back.

Beautiful looking restaurant.  Good luck and I hope you have a better dining experience than I had.  There are too many other more worthy places to eat IMHO.  Go to Spago where I have been many times over the years and NEVER had a bad meal there.Though I have walked by Mon Ami Gabi many a time in Vegas, I only recently got to eat here for brunch!  Although the whole restaurant was quite busy and the place was buzzing with chatter, I had a great experience at this popular Paris spot.

They have a wide selection of wine as well as several brunch drinks.   The bread they give you at the beginning was delicious.  It had the perfect crust on the outside and soft bread in the middle. Don't worry about making a mess, the crumbs are going to fall all over the table no matter what you do!  I ordered the Croque Madame and my husband got the eggs benedict. The bread crust on my sandwich was a little hard, but overall the French ham and cheese dish was satisying.  The eggs benedict was the better dish, but if I were to come here again I'd probably try a crepe.  I kept seeing them being served around the restaurant and they did look quite good!  We both cleaned off our plates, so we did enjoy the food! Mon Ami Gabi also serves a good meal portion at an affordable price - this isn't so common in LV. 

Service was excpetional - our server was friendly without being pushy and good she took care of us!  I noticed everyone working here was very organized here, they cleared off tables, brought bread and drinks in an efficient manner.  Everyone smiled, too! lol.  We enjoyed our meal and I would come back if I were on this side of the Strip during brunch.Came here with my gf for brunch.  We ordered turkey omelette, 3 eggs with sausage, and Nutella waffle.  The best dish was the waffle but overall they were not that great.A perfect setting to enjoy Bellagio fountain show and people watching. I ordered a filet mignon merlot, cooked perfectly and tender. But I feel that it needed a bit more seasonings. My husband's beef bourguignon was also okay. I was excited to taste the app escargot, but somehow the herb butter sauce tasted weird or "off". They forgot my escargot order, so I don't know if they cooked it in a hurry or what. Anyway, the chef was very nice to give us a complimentary prifiterole (to make up the forgotten escargot order) which was delish.I have eaten here twice.  First time was ok, and second time was just bad.   Service was ok, not impressed.  I don't recommend this restaurant. More of a tourist trap than fine dining.This is a really nice restaurant but with a French cafe style to it. They serve breakfast, Lunch, and dinner and we've been here for breakfast and lunch which were good. I highly recommend 'My Friend Gabi' at the Paris Hotel.Last minute reservations to handle our party of 8? no problem! They were able to sit us within an hour of calling them ahead of time. 

Steak Bordelaise. Carmelized onions on steak, served with "frites". This was cooked perfectly and was a fairly large portion. My stomach was sufficiently full at the end of the meal. 

My main gripe with this place was our server. She probably walked by the table only once after the food was served. Both my water and soda supply was depleted, and she was no where to be seen. As I near the end of my steak, I finally catch a glimpse of her and wave her down to ask for a refill on both. She tosses my soda and water onto the table and quickly runs off again. It's times like these where I question the mandatory 18% gratuity rule. 

3 stars for OK food for a HIGH price.So so.. patio seating preferred for nice picture scenery.. food was ok.. nothing special.. service is friendly.. they have bloody mary bar where you make your own.. warm baguette was good.. scallops were also good!  They might have better menu for dinner..After a great trip, my girls and I wanted to top it off with - what else of course - GREAT FOOD! Seeing as this was our first time, we consulted Yelp. With amazing reviews and 4/5 stars, we expected an awesome dining experience...that which was not the case.

We were greeted and seated promptly (indoor window seating), however, the hostess that sat us didn't say one word to us on the way to our table. Once we were seated, we noticed that all of our wine & water glasses were pretty filthy and my menu had a small veggie surprise on it. lol. Our server took all of the glasses/my menu away and returned with clean ones.

Now, let's talk food.

We started off with the Wild Escargot de Bourgogne...I felt like the garlic-herb butter smothered the taste and texture of the snails - even overpowered it. The snails may have been over cooked too. 

Since Mon Ami is a French Steakhouse, I went with the Steak Bordelaise medium rare. To my disappointment, it was far from what I was expecting. My heart kind of sank because I was so excited :( The presentation lacked, the sauce was watered down, and the cut was a tougher than what I'm used to. The frites were also soggy because they were soaked in the tasteless sauce. 

I sent it back for the Mahi Mahi special, which was ok. At this point, my appetite was ruined and I wanted to leave. Our server wasn't exactly the friendliest guy either and I feel like we weren't even seen by a manager. 

2 stars for the location and ambiance. Overall, a horrible dining experience. Sorry to say that I do not recommend Mon Ami Gabi.Wait was over a hour and half, food and view were great until the next day when my mother and I both got food poisoning. The only thing we shared and ate together the whole day was the ceaser salad, so it must have been the egg or lettuce. Needless to say the rest of our Vegas trip was ruined and I'm still recovering 3 days later. I'm so skeeved out!Ugh.  How is this place so well-reviewed?  Spending ninety bucks for a meal that is, honestly, not even mediocre -- I don't see how that gets good reviews.

I had the roast chicken, and my lady had a steak.  The steak was ordered medium rare, but was delivered beyond well done.  The chicken was actually cooked nicely, but barely seasoned at all and greasy.  Ceaser salad was maybe 3 ceaser leaves with very little flair of any kind, and not much flavor.

The waitress was sweet, and our outside view was pretty.  The bread and carrot thing was tasty -- I still had high hopes at that point =).

And the Frites -- how could you rave about them?  I found them old-tasting and unflavorful -- like a curled-up mass of stale pringles.  Maybe we just got an off evening, but the food was a severe disappointment.Food: 4
Service: 3
Ambiance: 3

Food: This place has really great french onion soup and I love french onion soup.  Not the best ive had, but its damn close.  My fiance had a burger, it was ok and the steak and frites I had was decent enough.  Recommendation: French Onion soup, Carrot salad (complimentary)

Service: Our waiter that night was friendly and helpful.

Ambiance: Standard for a restaurant of that caliber.  

Last words:  Would come back for the soup.Outdoor seating location is probably the best on the strip.  However, beware of the steak sandwich.  Seems like the meat came straight out of the fridge... cold, unbooked and no taste."Thin pancakes" aka sweet crepes were way too sweet.
Nothing was great here. Pretty standard coffee, orange juice. 
Waiter was quite friendly and a fun place to eat outside. The heat lamps made it doable even for breakfast at 8:30 AM.The food is just ok .... Nothing so special about the menu . I think for what you are paying , you can get something much better else where .  I ordered egg white which was plain just with 3 cherry tomatoes on the side for $15.99 , I really think that's over priced and food was very oily . I got the egg white so I can eat healthy but there was oil all over my plate . Location and atmosphere was great but food just ok !I expected better. The staff was very attentive, the food mediocre.  
I ordered the gluten free Eggs Benedict . There was half a shell left on the poached egg.
I sent it back, took it to our suite, ate it the next morning AND THERE WAS STILL SHELL IN THE EGG! 
The check was enormous  for two people. $69.55 w/o tip!
The coffee was $4 a cup, $4.50 for a small wine glass size orange juice. 
The best thing was the Bloody 
Mary! 
Save your money!So still a fave for ambiance, but.. I was willing to put aside the bitchy- poo hostess on one visit in which we actually left due to her service, never have done that anywhere . Did not enjoy previous visits on which servers were forced to try an sell dining cards. The incident in which a random menu flew in my face due to a wind gust on the patio was outside of anyone's control, but the server was kind enough to ask if I was ok. But really... the recent cost for a single breakfast was 30 bucks during a conference week eggs florentine, hash browns, coffee. Gawd I sound like one of "those people " I dislike, but gotta be honest will skip this place moving forward after it having been a fave for years1st lunch in Vegas on 9/11/14.  Party of 4.  Sat outside and did have a view of Bellagio fountains.  Found the menu a little limited.  Loved the crepe; I believe I had the mushroom one.I can't say I had that great of an experience here, but it wasn't bad.  I came here with four friends, one didn't like her food and the rest of us were indifferent.  My friend and I ordered steak...I a New York Steak with Bernaise sauce....it was good, I was just not expecting the steak to look so thin and long...but I still enjoyed the steak and sauce...what I wasn't too crazy about was that they served it with a boat load of pommes frites.  Now that I know, if I go again, i will ask for veggies or something else on the side...I just don't think it went well with the meat...or maybe if there were less of them and more of something else..,but hey..maybe that's how they do it in France!  The waitress was nice and she was very helpful when my friend asked to put the bill on her players card...we found out that the restaurant is not part of the hotel so she had to go back out to the players card desk and ask for some kind of paper in order to charge the bill to the card...but it ended up working out...and it was just find.  Prob the only reason that would make me come back here is to get a patio seat and eat, relax, and watch the Bellagio fountains across the way.I really like this place they have good food here but they have the worst manager that i have ever meet this guy doesn't know what he is doing here and i am surprised that he is a manager here he is nit even nice with the costumersMon Ami Gabi in LV came highly recommended, so I waited - hungry - for over an hour just to try it.  The line just to put your name on the waiting list was 20 min.  Once we put our name down, we were told to come back in an hour.

My sister and I were seated at a table that was half inside, half on the patio (if that makes sense?).  This caused the AC from the inside to constantly blow in my face, as if I were standing infront of a fan my entire dining experience.  Considering how long we had to wait for the table, I endured the mild unpleasantness.  Also, there is no bathroom in the restaurant.  If you need to use the facilities, you must walk through the packed restaurant, enter the casino and wait in line (only 4 stalls servicing the restaurant and part of the casino).  

I ordered the steak bourdelais, which came highly recommended.  My sister ordered the steak roquefort.  We were starving at that point and scarfed down the baguette and butter and even the overly lemony orzo that tasted like that time I accidentally got lysol in my mouth (don't ask...)

I guess the steak was too hyped up, I found it too sweet.  My sister's was fantastic (we shared, as twins often do).  I didn't like the frites and have had better ones at chain restaurants.  I guess I expected better for such a long wait, but it was pretty good.We had a party of 9 sit down so they seated us in this private area with 2 tables that seats 12 people each. 

Service was pretty bad. Our water glasses did not get refilled once the entire time we sat down (we kept ordering drinks), but still, if your water glass is empty.. it should be refilled. I feel like we kept waiting for our waitress to come back to us. When we finally got our apps and finished them, those plates were ignored and not cleaned up until our entrees came after waiting for a long period of time. I then noticed 2 hairs in the salt shaker. That was absolutely disgusting. I told the waitress and she just didn't even seem to be sorry at all - she just took it, said "sorry," and walked away. We were all shocked about the way she responded to that. 

Only reason why I'm giving 2 stars is because the food was decent, not terrible. The oysters were delicious. The buratta was great BUT that's only if you like olives! My friend hates olives and she wasn't a fan of it. I had the steak with caramelized onions it was extremely thin and ok. I love steak and it was just blah. My friends who ordered the burger and eggs Benedict also felt "blah" about their food. The one who ordered salmon said she loved it. Another friend also ordered the cubano sandwich and she said it was great. 

Would I ever come back? No.Came here for breakfast - the service was great, the food was pretty good. But aside from the French Toast that my sister got, nothing seems to stand out in my mind. It was good, but not GREAT, and pretty pricey. But, hey, that's Vegas. However, breakfast places in Vegas are few and far between, so I'll most likely be back.I wanted to like this place because of the Yelp reviews and seeing how popular it looked when i walked by the previous time I was in Vegas.  My boyfriend is French and I thought it would be cute and funny to eat in "Paris" after our real trip to Paris the Sept before.  I booked a table for brunch the day we flew in and landed seats not outside on the patio but in the green house area which was perfectly fine by us.  Our waitress was nice although a little distracted since they were kinda busy although the restaurant wasn't full.  

I order the corned beef hash and BF ordered the waffles.  We also got some orange juice and coffee.  The corned beef hash came out a little watery which turned me off but the poached eggs were NOT done well.  There was also a hint of some vinegar they must have added for some odd reason and the eggs were dry.  The portions were also tiny but I guess we're in Paris and not Vegas.  BF's waffles looked like it belonged on the kid's menu.  He polished off the whole thing in less than 5 mins and I'm not over exaggerating. I asked for ketchup that never came and then the waitress dropped a pretty heavy utensil on my foot after cleaning off the neighboring table.     

Overall brunch was a major bust.  I heard dinner is better but it's hard for us to even consider coming back here when there are so many other options in Vegas.**Summary**
       - Patio - The number one reason I'd come back is for the outside seating. You sit literally on the strip across from the Bellagio water show that plays every half hour. It's the the best outdoor style cafe experience in Vegas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=NTpchPgwPnFIER56x1dz1Q#NTpchPgwPnFIER56x1dz1Q).
       - Weather - I'd never come to Mon Ami Gabi to sit inside; so, I'd recommend checking the weather and reserve the day of. You wouldn't want a wind, rain, heat, or cold to ruin your dining experience. Unfortunately since this is Vegas, there aren't many temperate days.
       - Steak - The steaks were thin and not from a good cut. I cut into a couple tendons throughout my dinner. They cooked them well, but it still didn't makeup for the poor piece of meat.
       - Price to Quality - I'd say the price to quality of the steaks is pretty low. They cook them flavor-fully and well, but bad steak is still bad steak.
       - Frites - All the steaks are served with these chip-like french fries. It was a nice change, but I think I'd still prefer mash if I could have it.
**Ordered**
       - $10.95 Escargots (in garlic-herb butter) - 6 delicious snails that were of decent size (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=ex6ZPq9Ver6siPR-2Sq0HQ#ex6ZPq9Ver6siPR-2Sq0HQ).
       - $25.95 Steak Bordelaise (Caramelized onion, red wine sauce) - I liked this better than the other sauce. It definitely brought out the sweetness of the onions (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=bp-adB6a359T2vZJyZukFA#bp-adB6a359T2vZJyZukFA).
       - $25.95 Steak Au Poivre (Brandy peppercorn sauce) - I like peppercorn, but I think pepper in this was a little overpowering (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=3xiPElJcOtMrOUnJyi2RHg#3xiPElJcOtMrOUnJyi2RHg).
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice date place and the weather is nice outside. Sitting outside, across from the Bellagio fountains definitely a unique experience. If you're not planning to sit inside, I'd say there are many other better places for this price.I had the trout almondine, which is one of my favorite dishes of all time. It was terrible here. I'm giving stars for my friend's onion soup, the excellent and attentive service, and the perfectly crunchy bread. The view from the patio is really nice as well.We had a pleasant experience on a previous visit, this time, not so much.  We visited on Saturday to celebrate my DIL's graduation from law school.  We originally had a party of 10, but 3 fell out, thankfully.  They had set up a 7 or 8 top table with 10 place settings.  The chairs were actually smashed against each other, if we had 10, there was no way to sit.  The table was IN the bus station/cash register.  Not 2-3 feet away, right against the table, one of our party had a waiter's butt against the back of his head for the majority of the meal.
  We sat down, and 20 minutes later, a waiter (who had been stealing glances at the table) asked if we had been helped; NO. When we finally got a waiter, he really attempted to provide good service, but he was by himself.  The busboy had no idea what the heck was going on, maybe he was new or high.  When we asked him to remove the extra place settings, and even showed him which ones to take, he simply scooped up 3 settings on one side of the table, yeah, we'll all sit on one side...  No refills from the busboy, he tossed the bread on the table and ran...etc., very poor.
  The escargot was about as bland as I have ever eaten and the house steaks were  thin as paper, and cold.  One guest specifically asked for no fries, and wanted veggies instead; nope, out came fries.  Like I said, the waiter tried, but it was an uphill battle.  Skip this overpriced, crappy service tourist trap.While in Vegas what's better the experiencing a breakfast under the Eiffel Tower.

Unfortunately it was just too busy to be seated outside so we sat inside. The food was good 3 out of four of us chose the salmon Benedict, it was good but not great. It came with rosemary thyme cherry tomatoes that were pretty tasty, I also tried a side of hash-browns which were so wonderfully crispy but wayyyy over salted. 

Overall it was a good breakfast. Three stars because nothing really amazed me the food was just ok. Decore was nice place was clean and did go along with a nice French theme. 

I guess if you desire to eat at mon ami gabi go for dinner that seems to be what there known for.I went here for lunch and dinner, lunch was better then dinner.  At dinner my steak came out cold and I had to send it back, the next time it was warmer but not hot.  Then only good thing is the view of the Belliago fountain show and their wines by the glass.Pretty meh.  Food was definitely not the quality you would expect for the prices.  Went here with work friends for a dinner while we were at a conference. Wish we'd gone elsewhere. They had steak, which they liked. I had duck, which was that night's special. Bad call. It was pretty bad.  Service was good and its a nice room but the food was not very good.I came here with a group of friends because I have always heard good things about this place.  Our server was friendly and really attentive which was a plus.

Other than that everyone's food was average and I had a salad with grilled chicken added.  My chicken tasted like tuna.  Enough said.I did my homework on Yelp for my upcoming trip to Vegas and was super excited to try Mon Ami Gabi! Other Yelp users commented on the great food and awesome service. I'm hoping my experience was the anomaly... but in either case, I don't think I'll be visiting this restaurant again.

Here's what happened:
- I made reservations for 11am Saturday brunch. Reservations are for the dining room ONLY, and although the outside patio seating looked awesome, I didn't want to wait over an hour in line.
- We came on time, at 11am, and were told it would be "just a sec" to get seated. However, we didn't get seated until 11:10am. I was willing to overlook this because I know their brunches must be crazy.
- The restaurant was VERY dim inside. I understand that it's part of the ambiance, but for this restaurant in particular, it didn't work. Maybe it was where we were seated, but I think I'd actually prefer to wait an hour for patio seating.
- After we were finally seated, the server came by and said he would bring out water and bread.  When he came by a few minutes later to take drink orders, we had to remind him about the water and bread again.  

THE FOOD:
- The brunch menu was underwhelming, surprisingly, so I ordered the Chicken and Mushroom crepe off of their lunch menu.
- When the food was brought out, it wasn't hot. The Chicken and Mushroom crepe was pretty good but nothing that blew me out of the water. I was disappointed that it wasn't warm at all.

- I REALLY wanted to try their bread (the French baguette that everyone here on Yelp mentioned) so we reminded our server about the bread about halfway through our meal. He said he would bring it out.
- The server never came by again and at this point we were pretty much done with our meals. What's the point of getting bread when you're done with the main course? Also, I was pretty surprised that none of the other parties around us were served any bread, either. At this point I was wondering if they ran out of bread.... but then why couldn't the server just tell us that? I shouldn't have to ask for something twice, especially when the server told me he would bring the bread out as soon as we got seated.

There were a bunch of people walking around in suits - I'm assuming were managers? I have no idea what they were supposed to be doing,  but they clearly weren't watching the tables.
The couple who sat next to us were waiting over 10 minutes for the check. And when they left, the table was left empty for another 10 minutes before someone came by to clean. Considering how busy the restaurant was, I assumed someone would come by to clean it up right away. I've been to much busier restaurants that are much better about efficiency.

By the end of my meal I was pretty annoyed with all that had happened. The server miraculously remembered that we never got any bread. He pointed to someone cleaning up and jokingly said "It was this guy's fault!  He was supposed to bring the bread out. Blame this guy!" Why was it HIS fault? It's still  YOUR job to ensure that the bread was brought out!

/rant

Again, I hope my experience was the anomaly but this experience left such a bad taste in my mouth that I'll probably never return again.I had high hopes for this place because of the awesome reviews. I'm usually pretty easy to please especially in Vegas. This did not live up to my expectations. Although we avoided a wait and got a table right away, the hostess was very unfriendly and cold to us. As if we were a burden to her. The 2nd hostess was much nicer. Our server started out strong, but after our soup came out (which was great), she tanked the whole thing. My guess is the kitchen was backed up, but I ordered raw salmon, and he ordered a salad (nothing needed cooking), and it took 40 min to come out. Server did not come and check on us, didn't fill up our waters. It was severely overpriced for the service and quality of food we received. Neither of us enjoyed the salad or salmon, though the soups were fantastic. Honestly, we may have had them on a bad day... but I would not return.Food was average, not remotely as good as the prices would seem to indicate. And the service was appallingly slow both times I went. Unless you want to pay to sit for an hour and wait for your appetizer I recommend going elsewhere on the strip.

Had the bananas foster waffle for breakfast one day which was good, and the ahi tuna burger for lunch another. The ahi was the most bland and flavorless sandwich I have ever had.

Although the waffle was good it was not worth the extreme wait. My friend and I sat for over 45 minutes after ordering before our food was finally brought to us. The other time we went for lunch we waited an hour after ordering before finally getting our food.

I will definitely not be going back. At no point did any of the staff make any mention or apologize to us for the long wait.Make reservations to sit outside near the front of the restaurant so you have a clear view of the Bellagio water fountain show. Order the quiche lorraine and blackberry currant ice tea. The pear salad is yummy too.I'm biased, because my nickname is "Gabi."  However, my French skills do tell me that "Mon Ami" is masculine, thus implying this Gabi is a dude.  I digress.

I'm biased, but this place is good for brunch.  It doesn't have all the Vegas glitz & glamour, but you CAN get a solid eggs benedict here.  I opted for the Eggs Florentine Eggs Benedict (spinach, artichokes, hollandaise sauce) for $15.95, which was very flavorful and had the perfect runny egg.  I was just left wanting more.  More what?  I don't know... Potatoes?  Fruit?  Something?  The plate was just the eggs benedict and some roasted tomatoes.

If you sit outside, it is PERFECT for people-watching and--let's face it--Vegas is the best and most entertaining place to people watch!I have visited this restaurant on two separate trips to Vegas. On the first, it was for lunch, and was just fine. The prices were a *teeny bit high, but not too bad, and the food was good. 

The second was for a large bachelorette party dinner - and it didn't turn out as nicely. 

Pros: 
They got us all seated at one long table
The service was very attentive
The cocktail I ordered was fabulous (Gabitini!)
The desserts were to die for

Cons: 
We were seated 20 minutes late, even though we had made a reservation months in advance
We had drinks in the casino that they wouldn't let us bring inside
The prices were UNBELIEVABLY high for what we got - $25 for mediocre chicken and steak and $12-$15 for dinner salad is not okay, and wine was out of control (our bill for 15 peeps was $885!)
Also, frites should be nummy fries, not rock hard tiny, and crunchy teeth-breaking
The aforementioned chicken made me sick later as well

So look - I think this place might be just fine if you stick to certain dishes - or maybe just drinks & dessert. We may have just been there on an off night as far as food goes, but the dinner prices were so ridic that I definitely won't be visiting My Friend Gabi on my next LV trip.We came here for brunch on one occasion and dinner most recently.  I ordered their steak and asked for it medium, but it came out well done.  My gf's scallops were burnt.  Not sure what was wrong with the kitchen that day but the food was not good at all.  The best part of the meal was the outside view of the Bellagio fountain and the free bread and butter.  $100+ not well spent at all.  We left dissatisfied.I was a bit disappointed. We waited about 20 minutes for patio seating for 2, which ended up being indoor seating because I got inpatient and hungry. Why would you give us the option after we were standing in line for so long, it should have just been a check in point. Oh well, so we waited another 10 minutes on top of that to be seated in the isle way, right between indoor and outdoor, I sat in the booth part and my bf sat in the chair right in the walkway of all the servers. As soon as the next table over sat down I was so squished, no place to put my purse and his backpack, not comfortable at all. The lighting was horrible, one minute it would be super bright from the sun outside and the next super dark with the cloud cover and dim indoor lighting. Service lacked, the 3 servers were in earshot as they tried to pass our table among themselves, really?... You're like 3 ft away from me and you're at work. Food wasn't that great, although our apps were yummy smoked salmon and pate, entrees were covered in sauce and bland, after half of my meal I felt a little sick of it. I knew I should have just gotten the soup, oh well. I'll skip this place next time.This place is very fancy and the staff is very friendly, but the inside seems a little cramped. We were a party of 3 so we sat fine, but everyone else around us looked smushed. The food here was pretty good. The wine was nice but overpriced for the bottle and the soup was amazing! My entire (don't remember what I got but I posted a photo) was alright, the sauce wasn't all that, and to be honest this place is overpriced. I know it's a French establishment in Vegas and that's to be expected, but for a bottle of wine, soup, and an entree split amongst 3 girls, we ended up paying $80 and I think I could have gotten better tasting food for less. The soup is good though, I'd come again for that. The carrot thing that comes with your bread is kind of odd, and it got annoying when the waiter kept hovering around us, and the waiter for the table next to us was very loud and wouldn't shut up. Make sure to get good seats outside and not inside where everyone will bother you.No way, $90 for a mediocre meal and one beer.  Not for me.  You can't put a French spin and make it worth that Price.  Go somewhere elseGood brunch. Go on a day with nice weather.I had heard raves about this restaurant so brought 3 guests for dinner.  Food was just ok (the 22 oz  rib eye steak was 50% fat and bones and was undercooked; scallops just ok; frites and vegies barely warm).  Our waitress was very good which compensated a bit for the food.It's obvious the draw for this restaurant is the location. It sits directly across from the Bellagio fountains, which bodes very well. If it didn't I wonder if this restaurant would still be in business with Vegas' stiff  restaurant competition. 

Mon Ami Gabi is very loud and a fairly small restaurant, so I wouldn't recommend if you plan on having tons of conversations.

We came here for celebratory dinner, I had the steak and frittes. The food wasn't bad. It wasn't great. It was just okay...and with the stiff competition in Vegas, that's just not enough (particularly for the price). The steak was properly cooked with a decent sauce. 

Bottom line is: I'd only recommend if you want a stellar view of the fountains and don't mind paying quite a bit for okay food.Was good, not great. Could be more memorable.

Our table was seated next to another table way too close and of course they had to be a larger louder group. There was only 2 of us who wanted a nice quiet dinner and because of that throughout the whole meal, we couldn't hear each other, making our meal quite annoying, to sit there and hear the other table loud and laughing. A true LOL moment for them. 

We ate quickly and left.
Staff was great, the food was not really special for vegas standard.
Coming back? Unlikely, on to the next vegas food journey.My experience at Mon Ami Gabi was just okay. I think the number one thing that was the most disappointing was that some of the dishes were lukewarm. The french onion soup tasted great but because it wasn't hot, the gruyere cheese didn't ooze like it usually should. We also tried the croque madame, eggs benedict, and french toast. I think the food was all, on average, decent, but nothing gave it a "WOW" or spark. The bread was super dry and crunchy, with a hard to chew consistency. 

Although the food could have been better (in my opinion), the view was amazing! Of course, the Bellagio water show goes without saying, and it was such a great place to sit and watch during a hot summer day in Vegas! But, I think I would rather try other brunch spots in the area. Maybe this place would be better suited for dinner!Went here for lunch, the food was mediocre but the atmosphere was amazing. We sat outside and it reminded me exactly of a local cafe in down town Paris with the exception of more table space! The lighting and the ambience truly made me nostalgic. I just wish the food was better. I had a burger and my friend had the crepes. Both just fair.So I'm going to start by saying the food was good when we got it. The one star is due to my servers blatant disregard for my table. I came here on 5/8/17 for lunch with my two kids. It's not overly nice or somewhere I would think they would be unwelcome. We were sat very promptly and then our server didn't show up for at least ten minutes while two tables around us were sat and had their different servers show up. Mind you, I'm sitting with a 7 and 2 year old. I don't expect special treatment but I do expect the server to have a brain and realize when kids are at a table that maybe put the kids food in first and keep their drinks coming. The server ignored us, finally took our order and then every table around us who was sat AFTER us all got their food. I stopped a manager and they apologized but did nothing to correct the situation. The server then continued to ignore us some more. My husband served through college and always makes me give them the benefit of the doubt, but this particular day was not overly busy and he literally avoided us every time he came that way. I'm glad I only ordered a sandwich and didn't give them anymore of my money. Good food but horrid service. Apparently the managers are good with their staff ignoring people as nobody ever checked on us again. I will not be back.Service good. Food quality disappointing.  Corn beef in the corned beef hash too salty. Pain Au chocolate is soo embarrassing for a French restaurant...soggy and greasy bc they heated it up and all the butter is seeping out of it. It was pale looking, not the brown color it should be.  It was such a bad croissant.  U can get a better crepe at a crepe place.  I would probably stick with eggs and bacon next time. Orange juice was the best item.  This is great for people who are NOT foodies and don't know French food.  Ambiance outside on patio is very nice though.  I probably will not return.Terrible service. Very disappointed because I had heard great things. Made a reservation for 745 but still had to wait for 35 mins. Hostess was extremely rude, her name Christina. I was talking to her and she was purposely looking over me and not responding. Not a good start to dinner and not impressed with customer service.Located at the Paris hotel and casino.  We dropped in for a very late dinner.  This is a French bistro. When you enter from the Strip, it's to the left.  Inside the casino, it's called Mon Ami steakhouse.  That should have been a big clue.

As it was late I wanted to eat light.  I ordered the sea scallops.  Big mistake.  It came and right away I could smell how fishy it was.  Means not very fresh!  Hubby ordered the wild boar with little rags of pasta.   We traded with each other as I didn't want to risk getting ill.  At this point it's like 10:30pm.  I didn't want to wait for another entree. 

Our friend ordered the hangar steak.  A winner.  Her hubby got the wild boar too.  Yuck. Chunks of wild boar with doughy pasta that stuck together.   Shouldn't the boar meat be shredded?

They also got the Cesar salad and the French onion soup,   They enjoyed both.

I got the house merlot.  Very good.  And they served a hot baguette in a paper bag.  Like a French bakery. Excellent bread.

Bottomline - I enjoyed my glass of wine and the bread. 

Our server Girard was funny too.This place is super over hyped. I thought it was going to be super French... But the bread was as French as this place got. 

Came here for brunch and my cousin and I shared the Salmon Eggs Benedict and the Nutella Waffles. Salmon eggs Benedict was good, nothing special. Nutella waffles I wish was oozing out Nutella. It was just minimal. 

I think I was more in love with their jam! Idk what it was...boysenberry? So good though! The bread was addicting. Service here was nothing special. I felt like we were waiting forever bc we had to remind our server to even bring bread out for us!Every time I come to Las Vegas I make a mental note to dine here, just for the view. On my second visit to Vegas, my girlfriends and I decide to have dinner there. After a HUGE lunch that included probably a stick of butter, a whole loaf of bread and ten strips of bacon (not that I'm complaining) I didn't want to eat anything to heavy where I couldn't fit into my clubbing outfit or be dancing the night away with a food baby. So I didn't get the steak and frites that everyone was raving about. Instead I had the lemon-thyme seared salmon with orzo, peas, leeks, spinach, and lemon butter. The salmon was a little bit dry but everything else was really good. It wasn't so heavy where I left feeling like I was 3 months pregnant. It was light and filling and the fact that I paid 25 dollars for a piece of fish the size of my 3 year old nephew's foot was overshadowed by the view. The view was beautiful, it was nice being able to look up to see the Eiffel tower, towering over my head. I also caught the Bellagio's water show about 4 times the whole time I was sitting there. I love love being able to watch the other tourist walking up and down the strip. 

Until I find myself a rich heart surgeon husband who will take me to Paris on his private jet,  Mon Ami Gabi has satisfy my curiosity for the "Parisian" experience. It's the closes I have ever came to Paris... that is until I visit Paris... Paris Texas the way my bank account is looking.Got the Steak Classique which didnt seem like anything special. The quality of the steak was average and felt like I could make it at home, but the maitre d'hotel butter that was on top was pretty good. I think I was deciding between this and my usual choice of steak which is the Filet, but it was lunch time so it seemed more proper to get this dish. Should've been safe and went with the filet. Their fries were interesting but not amazing, got kind of oily near the end.

The item I remember most would probably be the french onion soup, or the 
Onion Soup Au Gratin which was baked with gruyere cheese. That was full of cheesy deliciousness, one of the best french onion soups I've had in awhile.

I also tried my friend's Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn) and Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onion & red wine sauce), and ultimately their sauces were satisfying, but I just didnt enjoy the steak itself.

Also, the two guys I was with were both wearing tanks and had to wear a huge white t over because apparently a tall t is so much better.

Overall, not bad but maybe I should give it another shot before jumping to conclusions. If you do come here definitely try the French Onion Soup because that was what made a lasting impression.It's one of those places that has a limited menu.  I don't like that.  I'm picky and I need variety.  Lost a star for that.  

Thursday night, no reservations but there was no wait to sit inside.  There was a 1 hour wait to sit on the patio.  Service was very friendly.  We ended up ordering the French Onion Soup, Scallops and Chicken Grandmere.  French Onion Soup was good.  Most places make theirs too salty but this is a French restaurant so they better get that right.  Scallops were average.  They were good but it wasn't anything special.  Chicken was very good.  One of the best chickens I've had in a restaurant.  A little bit pricey for a casual restaurant but then again it is on the Strip.  I didn't think the food was that special.  There are dozens of other restaurants back home in Orange County that are just as good, if not better, for the same price.It wasn't as much as what I anticipated. Expensive, little food, mediocre service. Wasn't that creative or tasty, a normal restaurant, overpriced for a good location on the strip.Seated for our 8:15 reservation at 9:05.  As locals we rarely venture to the strip but wanting to show visiting relatives a good time we went out.  Unfortunately it wasn't worth the headache.  Next time we have friends and family in town we'll stick to Summerlin or Bouchon which runs like a well oiled machine.RIP-OFF ALERT: There is an automatic 18% gratuity for parties of 5 (!!!!) or more. And that includes breakfast!

Other than that, the place is fine. I just cannot stand this sort of cheats anymore.Came here because of all the great reviews.  Ordered the fresh oysters and French onion soup which was good. The steaks however (filet mignon and beef Wellington) wasn't that good. The steak was chewy and the sauce for the Wellington was too sour.  The sauce also made the pastry really soggy.  Service was ok. Not sure if I'd be back.The food was good, but service was pretty checked out and uninterested in doing their jobs. 

(1) Our waitress pushed alcohol on a member of the group ... even though this person had clearly expressed a desire to have something "non-alcoholic" the waitress asked two more times whether he would prefer a beer or some wine. Get the hint! Sometimes people don't drink and don't want to be pressured into drinking! Seriously rude, especially considering that some people might be recovering from addiction or might be on medication. 

(2) When dessert was served, our waitress dropped the little spoons in front of us from a height of maybe three inches... it felt kind of like she just threw the silverware down. She was looking away when she did this ... the message was "I could care less." 

(3) When a member of the dinner party accidentally dropped his butter knife, five staff were standing nearby and heard the clang of the knife on the stone floor. They looked up, but then went back to their chatting at the wait station ... at a good restaurant, someone would quickly bring a new knife to the person who had dropped theirs. We had to flag someone down and specifically ask for a knife. 

(4) The waitress picked up our credit slip after we'd signed it and checked the tip while standing at our table. Good wait staff leave the credit slip on the table and do not touch it until the diners have departed.

There were a couple of good people on the team. We did get good service from one individual in particular, and I wish I could remember his name. But the overall experience was not great.This is the fourth time we have eaten here and was disappointed. We went on Mother's Day at 7pm and it appears they were running low on veggies. My wife's scallops were excellent, but they were lacking the menus description. The asparagus was nil, and they tried to make it up by using corn... My sea bass was just so so and lacking flavor.. The strip view was nice, but the food disappoints.Excellent customer service & the patio area is what makes this spot a great restaurant experience. 

Otherwise what I ate was average tasting & average presentation also. I had the egg white & turkey omelette.So we decided to give this place a try since we like to do sunday brunch while we are in Vegas. I have to say for all the hype it was not the best food and the seating was tight. We had a party of 7 adults and my 8th month old son but yet we were still charged the 18% gratuity even though my son ate his puffs and drank a bottle. It was pretty ridiculous. i will never be going back.Came here on a weekday night for dinner and it wasn't busy at all. It was pretty chilly so we chose to sit inside, window-side so we could still get a good view of the Bellagio fountain. Sadly the only view we had was of the street performer outside. You know, those creepy statue men that come to life??

All the candles around the restaurant gives it a very romantic vibe. I felt out of place because everyone around us were, well, senior citizen status hahaha. 

We ordered soups to start. I got the ONION SOUP, which is like WOW MORE PLEASE!! Best french onion soup I've ever had in my life!! The portion was pretty generous, and it was half cheese (YAY CHEESE! =] ). Perfect flavor, perfect proportions of broth, onion, bread, and cheese. I could've had 10 of these! Bf ordered the SOUP DU JOUR, which was some sort of creamy bisque type thing, maybe potato? His soup was good too, and he actually liked it more than mine. If this was a soup review, I'd give it 5 stars hands down!!

For entrees, we both got steak-frites. They were not satisfying at all. The steak was very thin and flat; we're not really fans of flat iron steaks. And they were cooked a little more than the medium-rare we ordered. I got the STEAK ROQUEFORT, which comes with a blue cheese sauce and fries. He got the STEAK BORDELAISE with its carmelized onions and red wine sauce. I preferred the onions and his sauce more than the blue cheese. The frites super thin, like onion straws. There was no potato substance at all, it tasted like pieces of fried..nothing? Sad.

Later that night, we had a 5 dollar steak which we enjoyed more than the 25 dollar steaks at Mon Ami Gabi.I am very conflicted about this place...

The food was excellent.  Our personal server was polite and helpful.  

But the host service was dreadful.  And because of that, I'm giving this place only 3 stars where it normally would earn 4 easy, maybe 5 on a good day.  

Now let me explain...

We had made reservation for our friend's birthday dinner.  To me, when you make a reservation (especially at a fine dining restaurant like Mon Ami) there are certain expectations that come along with that.  First and foremost, you expect to be seated in a reasonable amount of time.  We sat down at 9:00 for an 8:30 reservation!  Second, you expect the whole process to be relatively hassle-free...you give them your name and they seat at the table that is RESERVED for you.  But instead they handed up a pager and told us to wait.  When the pager went off they told us they could seat us outside (even though we requested indoor seating for the reservation) shortly or indoors in 5 minutes.  Now for most restaurants, I would be a lot more understanding of the hardworking host staff.  But for a place like this, part of the price of the meal goes towards the service offered by the establishment.  I felt we did not get that value on the night we dined.   

All venting and ranting aside, the ambiance, food, and waiter service were excellent.  I would recommend the warm brie cheese and the sea scallops for hors d'oeuvres.  The bone-in ribeye is excellent, and strongly consider their specials.  Our group tried their roasted orange duck and sea bass, both very good.  

In closing, chances are, that if you go on any random night, you will have a perfectly pleasant dining experience, but don't be shocked if you find yourself frustrated waiting for your reservation.I had breakfast here on my first morning in Vegas. 

Honestly, breakfast was nothing to write home about. While I ordered a plain bagel, the others (my boyfriend and his two friends) got some pretty elaborate dishes. My boyfriend got the corned beef, that came with a side of hash browns, eggs, and toast. It was too salty; I didn't like it. It tasted a little weird.

If you're looking for cheap, this place is definitely not the place. (5 dollars. For a bagel. A PLAIN bagel. I almost cried. I had to pay 2 extra dollars in tip.) My rating does not reflect the price, however -- I honestly did not like my boyfriend's dish that much...and everyone agreed that the food was just "alright".Amazing view of the Bellagio, but overpriced mediocre food. 

We visited in the late afternoon (around 4 PM), so the hostess quickly seated us outside. The view was incredible! We enjoyed the Bellagio's water show and watched people walk by while we waited for the food.

The food was disappointing. Although the food is moderately priced compared to other restaurants on the strip, I wasn't impressed by the taste. We ordered the jumbo crabcake, hanger steak, and chicken grand-mere.
- The crabcake was pretty good, but a bit too salty.
- The hanger steak was alright; a bit tough to bite into and cooked medium when requested medium rare. The fries were amazing though! They were probably my favorite part of the meal. Crispy and delicious.
- The chicken was the most disappointing. There wasn't much flavor that stood out. However, the bacon/mushroom side was delicious. It came in a close second behind the fries.

Overall, I think I would rather pay extra and visit a more expensive restaurant to have higher quality food.After reading the reviews, we decided to come here for my birthday for lunch time. Both my husband and I think that the experience was very disappointing. First of all, the food was just ok. We got the steak frites, since we had better somewhere else, we think the food was just ok. We wouldn't call it good or great anyway. Besides, the service was not great. I think we unluckily got one that didn't do well (meanwhile I saw another server was very sincere with his customers, I wish he was our server). Restaurants need to know that the service from the servers could affect customers' dinning experience in a great extent. Our dining experience was negatively affected by our server. It totally wasn't a happy birthday meal. By the way. my husband noted that it was for my birthday on the reservation, so I don't understand why they didn't make it more pleasant for someone who is having her birthday.
We are not gonna go back even if someone wants to treat us there, why waste my time in an unpleasant restaurant?The reason I am even giving them two stars is simply for the view. If you are lucky enough to sit out in the patio then you will enjoy a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains. Otherwise the ambience isn't the best. The restaurant is very crowded with tables close together and very dark. 

The food here is very average. My friend got macaroni and cheese which was "fancy Macaroni" so they used all kinds of cheese in it. My friend did not care for it and it left a weird aftertaste in her mouth. Also the presentation of the Mac was less than appealing. Just a blob of Mac in a bowl. I would expect more for $20 macaroni. 

I had the sea scallops. It comes with 4 and they are very small. On the menu it says that they come with asparagus. When I checked with my server she said "oh a mixed vegetable." My scallops came out with a corn and pea mix. Are you kidding me? You're serving me frozen peas and corn with frozen small scallops at a fine dining restaurant and charging me $30 for them? Not ok. 

I also had a dinner salad that came out with a hair in it. My server barely apologized for this and brought me a new dinner salad. The second one was half the size of the first and looked like a mess. They just through it in a bowl quickly to get it out to me. The dinner salad was $9.95 and it's literally lettuce with about 4 slices of tomatoes and it took about 4 bites to eat the whole thing. 

When we got our bill my salad was still on the bill and I had to ask the server to remove it which she did. 

Service was bad. Food was average/bad and the pricing is very high. I will definitely not be going back here.I don't know what the appeal of this place is..it has almost 900 reviews    ( at the time of me writing this review)...and a four star rating...and it was such a disappointment. I think people that eat here mainly go to eat out on the terrace and people-watch. Sole redeeming factor- great fries.This was my fiancés favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, and I enjoyed going to eat there with her, until Friday night. On Friday, Jan 29th at 4:30pm, myself, my fiancé, her mom, and my parents went there to get a look at one of their private rooms for our wedding rehearsal dinner, and have an early evening dinner. As we were getting a tour of one of the rooms, a manager came over and asked what we were doing in the room. We expanded why we were there, then she noticed my moms's service dog. She then proceeded to Very rudely tell us her particular dog wasn't welcomed in their restaurant. So they lost out on a minimum of a $2500 bill because of very poor customer service by of all people, a manager of the restaurant!I would have given them 5 stars, but then I started thinking about all my visits there and then i started taking the stars away.

I have been here quite a few times because it WAS one of my favorite steak restaurants here in town and its quite affordable.
First time I tried Mon Ami, we got seated at the patio and it was perfect day to sit outside. 
I ordered a Filet Minot merlot and it was pretty dang great.  It came with frites (almost like fries) but crunchier.  I just fell in love with the place. (Hence, I wanted to give it five stars)

Then stars started going down:
I came here with friends (group of 4-7) a couple of times and I must say the service was absolutely horrible.  
One Time: They treated us like we were there to make trouble and always forgot any requests we asked.  Also,  they kept getting our orders mixed up and when we finally got our food, one of my friends order was completely wrong.  They did not even apologize to her.   We had to keep flagging them down to refill our waters & wine.  We couldnt wait to leave the place and it took our server a long time to get the check even though we asked for it like FIVE TIMES! One of my friends even left our server a little note on the receipt how badly he treated us. 

Anyways:  
I usually order the steak classique with merlot butter (medium rare) and I always enjoy their steaks it never cease to impress me how good it is.  


Tip: I always put in a request to get a carrot salad, anyone who goes here should try the carrot salad! its really delicious! 
 Always make sure you have reservations because every single time i go to Mon Ami, it is packed & make sure youre whole party is there because they will not sit you unless everyone is present.I will never go back we were greeted by the hostess like we were peasants and burdens.  Asked for a manager and eyes were rolled.  Server was great definitely trying to make up for the hostess rudeness  ...but the appetizers and entree were not worth the drama and lack of customer service. I won't be going back.My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our food, the flavor of our steaks was really enjoyable. I will say that the meat was a little bit too chewy for our liking and I personally think that the restaurant itself is slightly overrated. We've had better meals at lower rated places. The atmosphere is great and our waiter had a great sense of humor, but it's not somewhere that should be made a priority on a Vegas trip.Sat down to breakfast with a co-worker here last week. Ordered pretty standard bacon and eggs, coffee (great coffee!) and small glasses of OJ. 

Right after my buddy drains his OJ, the waitress came by with a pitcher of it and asked, "Would you like some more?" Very attentive! He proceeds to continue draining OJs (it was a late night) with our waitress very quick to come by and refill. What service! 

The bill is dropped off and we see it has eclipsed $40. WHA??? Those OJ refills - $4 a pop. 

Welcome to Vegas.I don't know if the food is good... I ordered a croque monsiuerre but it never came.  the 3 stars is for the butter and bread.Mon ami gabi is a wonderful restaurant. The food. The atmosphere. Wonderful. But, I wish I had ordered my usual, the cheeseburger that comes perfectly delicious. Instead, I risked everything and got the poutine. And I lost. Poutine should be made with medium cut fries, like steak & shake. Instead I got frites, which verged on the texture of ruffles potato chips. And it came out 15 minutes late and dry. The timing is key for a dish like this. All of the cheese had cooled and congealed like bad nachos because it wasn't fresh out. And there wasn't enough gravy. So, instead of a warm comfort food that's soft and fluffy, I got a cold crispy dry haystack. Bummer. Next time, cheeseburger.What happened to this place? Mon Ami Gabi has always been a highlight of our LV trips, but wow this time was bad. Service was bad, mussels were bad (small and dry, no sauce for the frites?!), dinners came out at different times, wine pours were inconsistent; even the frites weren't very good (how can you mess up fries?!)! Is it the chef, management or both?! Regardless I'm sorry to say Mon Ami Gabi will no longer be our go-to.The view here is great if you sit outside, but the food is whatever's. I tried the onion soup and was not impressed. Steal frites consists of super thin slice of beef and fried potatoe shavings. Wasn't bad, but I think it just got cold too fast in the cold night air. That's the other thing, their heatlamps aren't warm enuf :( no one wants to spend dinner feeling chilly!

Their dessert (we got the chocolate pudding  cake) was also subpar for a French place. Doesn't taste fresh or homemade at all. 

Probably wont be back!I have eaten here many times and the food is always good and today was no exception; however, the front of the house leaves a lot to be desired.  We had a reservation for the outside patio and upon arrival were told they don't reserve outside tables.  We were told in an abrupt and negative manner that we'd have to go back outside and put our name in at the end of the list of walk ins if we wanted a table outside.  Also, most of our party had arrived and they rudely refused to seat us and promptly gave our table away.  We could understand that policy, but it would have been much nicer had they offered us a seat in the bar while we waited.  There were 5 women working the hostess desks and they were all equally abrupt and inconsiderate.  This lack of friendly service pretty much ruined our experience.In my opinion the food was just average. The view was great over bellagio. I got that steak and fries for lunch. Would go back for beautiful views and atmosphere.Went here with my husband and some co-workers on a work trip. We were lucky to get a table right in the middle of the patio facing the fountains at sundown.  Perfect! The food was great (he had the steak Bearnaise and I had ahi tuna) and the company even better.  
Our server was strange.  He had a weird attitude from the moment we sat down.  :(
While the food was good, I ordered a cosmo along with the ladies I work with and it was made with a lemon vodka for sure.  It also had lemon pieces in it from being squeezed, which made it lemony and not a cosmo.  He tried to argue with me about it but whatever, I just got a plain vodka and cranberry up.  Much better.
I'd definitely go back for the view, but not for the service.(2 1/2...extra half a star because I had great service by Angela - odd, I asked her name first off because she didn't tell me it when she came to the table. She stated that they do not allow the servers to give us their name.). I had the crab cake ($18.95) and was warm, not hot...Taste: I've had WAY better... disappointed. I also had the onion soup ($11.95)...it was good with the bread they serve you before your meal, well until I got to the bread in the bottom of the dish. This place is overpriced and I wouldn't come again unless I had a coupon; thank goodness. Overall, I was not impressed,  which was disappointing as I've dreamed of eating here during my Vegas trips over the past several years.Well, it is a change of scenery for Vegas.  A decent brunch place amongst all the buffets.  The crepe like pancake is very good whereas other breakfast items are just ok.  It is a little pricey for this dated establishment.i'm a bit disappointed with this restaurant, but perhaps my expectations were set a little too high.  First of all, don't let them trick you into thinking the last three salads are entree sizes.  I asked them about the seared ahi tuna salad size and they said it was entree size.  What I received was about 4 slices of seared tuna and maybe about 10 bites of greens.  Boy, did I need another "entree"  or maybe it was the wicked spoon buffet that stretched out my tummy.  I also ordered warm chicken with brie with french fries.  Their french fries were thin almost like chips rather than french fries, which I was disappointed with.  The sandwich was good but needed more chicken so that the sides can have more than  just bread and onions.  Seriously, for $13 they should be able to put a bit more chicken.  The steak frite was not bad but not great either.Great atmosphere. Prime location across from the Bellagio water fountain show. Prices are as expected for being on the strip. I've had better though...that's the reason for three stars.Food: 2/5
Customer service: 5/5
View: 5/5

I ordered the turkey omelet, and it was really salty ):I don't mean to be harsh, but I'll never eat there again. 

Sirloin should not be prepared that way, it was flat and tough. I've never had a sirloin that was as tough as that. I got the steak classic, sauce was good, but couldn't deliver the steak. I hear the view is nice on the patio but we ate inside to escape the heat so I had to leave my rating at two stars. FYI, total came out to $31 for 9 ounces of "Sirloin".I had high hopes for this place. 6000+ reviews and 4 stars?!? I don't get it. Have any of these people reviewing been to France or even had French food anywhere else? If looking at the service alone then give this place 4 1/2-5 stars but the food was nothing worth raving about. 

The complimentary baguette and butter was a nice touch but the baguette was way too stiff to even cut with a knife. It seemed to have been microwaved warm. A baguette should be crispy on the outside and relatively soft on the inside but this was tough through and through. I ordered the chicken, brie and apple crepe and it was ok. Nothing to write home about. When I asked for hot sauce the server gave me 2 mini Tobasco bottles which were adorable and a nice touch. 

My server was wonderful. She was informative, attentive and friendly. The best and only good part of my visit. If it wasn't for her I would have rated this place 1-2 stars for the food alone.Ate lunch here twice the past week when I was in vegas.
French onion soup and open face shrimp salad sandwhich was good.
Their salads are kind of bland and have flavors that just don't work all that well...or are not present (the guyere was bland).

A solid place to eat if you are at the Paris; but, nothing to crave or look forward to.My ex girlfriend and I ate here several months ago. I was just reminded of it and had a spare minute to write a review. This one will be quick.

We had escargot, being adventurous and having not had it before. It was uneventful, somewhat bland, not very garlicky. Wouldn't order it again from this restaurant, but there's some chance that it's just not my thing - haven't tried it again since.

Our main courses were alright. I had steak frites and the potatoes were oily and somewhat chewy, but the steak was decent and the dijon mustard sauce complimented it well. I don't remember what she had, but she wasn't very excited by it.

After dinner, I had a coffee-based cocktail that was amazing. It saved the meal for my taste buds.

The service was fine given that it was a very busy night - we got most things promptly and politely. The ambiance was great, being a very handsome restaurant inside, and the outdoor seating that overlooks the Strip and Bellagio's lake seemed brilliant as well, though we dined inside.

For the price, I don't think this place is worth going back to, unless I get a recommendation for a particular dish that is great. But if you are excited about sitting outside and overlooking the Strip, you might want to give it a try.Ok, I have no idea where they got those 3000+ reviews and 4 stars but dinner was extremely disappointing. I am actually in the middle of it as I write this. I got the ribeye with Merlot butter and i can honestly say you're better off buying a prime ribeye steak from Ralph's and grilling it yourself. I know this because I've done it and it was 10x better than the ribeye I have right now.

I got the medium/medium rare. The first one they gave me was burnt outside and one inside. Not charred, burnt. It was very bitter. I sent it back and got a new piece. This time, it was cooked fine but it is bland, maybe some finishing salt would've been nice. But the real complaint is that, for a medium rare steak, it is extremely tough! I even asked to make sure they're using prime beef and they assured me that they were but I am chewing rubber and my jaws hurt. Again, the meat you get at Ralph's seems better than this. I'm still hungry but I can't chew anymore so I'm giving up. The pomme frites are pretty good and they were nice about taking the food back, thus, the 2 stars. And I guess the mojito is pretty decent. The merlot butter is just that. A piece of butter floating around in a vat of Merlot. Not horrible but nothing special either. The steak was cheaper compared to other Vegas steakhouses so generally, the saying holds true. You get what you paid for. Definitely not coming back.Quaint and bustling place with a great atmosphere especially with outside seating. That said, RELATIVE to all the great food in Las Vegas, the food was not all that memorable. We tried two types of salads and a steakburger. They serve small portions so go if you want a dainty, casual, and somewhat classy meal.

Three star does not mean I disliked this place, it's just a measure of how impressed I was relative to other restaurants in the area.This place is over rated.  The food is okay but not that great.  It's not worth of the money.Came to Mon Ami Gabi with a group of girls for Sunday brunch.  The highlight of the meal was definitely the hot baguette that they provide at the beginning.  From that point on, things started trending downhill.  I ordered the cobb salad and the ingredients all looked like they were starting to spoil - the tomatoes were soft, the lettuce leaves were wilted and turning brown.  After a few bites I just didn't have a desire to continue eating anymore.  My friends who ordered the mussels enjoyed their entree, but others who ordered egg-based brunch entrees experienced a sentiment similar to mine.  

Friends who ordered their sangria were also a bit disappointed to find that it was sickly sweet and unappetizing.

With so many different options on the Strip, I would opt to skip Mon Ami Gabi (and their long wait!) next time in favor of something else.This review is for multiple visits over the past 6 years.  This visit I ordered the steak w/ frites (fries).  The steak was good, however they overload the plate with frites.    The Service is usually as good as the food.  Past service mishap from waiter was to hand out the dessert menu and give us 3 seconds before asking us if we knew what we wanted. Then he asked us again 5 seconds after that.  (Major turn off). We went to serendipity 3 for dessert.  
I give it 3 stars because of the view of Bellagio fountains.Tess was super rude delays us for no reason and we missed the breakfast menu . . Lunch sucks supwr over priced 

You are getting chilli's food at french laundry pricess

The chef c should change his staff,  or climb to the top of the tower and let his self respect decide on the next step

I'm here wishing i could swim across the pond to my hotelFirst, you go here for the view of the Bellagio fountains. Which is really good if you get a table outside and can stand the heat.

As for the food, been here 3 times and the food is way over priced for the quality.  Had eggs benedict last time and the muffins were flat and there was very little sauce. Bloody mary was just ok. 

Service was good, but if you want a meal with your view of the fountains, try somewhere else.We are locals and have guests here from Germany. We wanted take them to dinner with a great view so we thought Mona mi was one of the best choices. We came at 7:10pm this wed and put our name on the waiting list for the patio. We were told 30-45 min. Ok, it's kind of busy, makes sense. Holy wow do they have a lot of hosts on staff that really do nothing but hover, man if my restaurant was that busy I'd make some of them buss tables to get people seated. Anyways 35 min pass and a bridal party show up and put their name on the list. I ask how much longer for the wait and I get told that they're running behind. I had a 77 year old disabled person with me and I was getting frustrated. THEN 5 min past my waiting time the hosts seat the bridal party!! How obvious that they cut the line, it's a lady in a huge white dress! Furious I went to the manager and complained. She apologized and grabbed us within 2 min and seated us. Our server Martin L was amazing, very attentive and nice! Both orders of mussels that came out were luke warm but our server took them back quickly to heat them up, they were delicious. The server made up for the horrible experience with the hosts. They can fire 5 of them and hire one decent host that knows what she's doing then things would run a lot smoother. We weren't the only people that were underquoted with the wait time. And that's really the only task they really need to nail!Not sure why all the high reviews. Food was very meh. The Gabi poutine was subpar, with dry fries and congealed cheese. The blueberry French toast was tasty but not exceptional. 

Service was really great though. We loved our server. 

Great view of the Bellagio fountain if you are seated on the patio.I haven't had escargot for years prior to going here, so I was a bit hesistant in trying them here. But they were covered in green herb sauce and it was amazing! It didn't really smell fishy and it went well with hanger/frites. The ambiance was aiiiiiite.Nice location, great ambiance. My partner and I ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot, both medium-well. Server suggests to get them "butterflied" so it cooks all the way through. That didn't work out so well. My steak was WELL DONE and my partner's was well done on one side and the other medium-well. My teeth hurt after attempting to chew the steak. So disappointing. Frites were only "okay", however, the side of garlic spinach we ordered were pretty good. 

Our server only came back once to ask if I wanted more iced tea. Didn't ask how the food was or anything. He also took a LONG TIME to give us our check. We literally just sat there for 10 minutes waiting to pay for our overcooked dinner. 

This place is overrated in my opinion. Will never come back again. Staff wasn't too friendly either. Should've made a reservation at Gordon Ramsay Steak instead.3.5 -- closer to 4 vs. 3 stars

When in Vegas, I recommend this place for brunch. 
Open table, once again is also recommended for making reservations to avoid long waits.

Ask for patio seating, it's well lit and it's nice to people watch whether inside or outside the patio.

Everything is pretty good here. The french toast is sweet on its own and does not require syrup in my opinion. The corn beef hash was really good and paired so well with the runny egg yolk! Love their escargot and mussels, the steak + fries. can't go wrong with and their complimentary bread is addicting. If you like french onion soup, you definitely need to order it here! If you have no other place in mind, this is definitely a safe, go-to spot that will not disappoint! :)Wow, the French really do love to take their time. Slowest brunch service I have ever experienced and in the US. We arrived around 1:30pm and waited about 15 mins to be seated inside. The wait for the patio outside was 1.5 hours. We were seated across from the kitchen, with the swinging doors to our back. Once seated it took our waitress forever to take our drink orders, take our food orders, bring out the food and give us our check. It took so long. But apparently, that is what happens in French restaurants. I had the eggs benedict and something was off about it. Something sour. It was hard to get past the sour taste. The mimosas were good. I enjoyed them. My friends ordered orange juice and received them with ice. Lots of ice. Weird. My boyfriend got the corned beef hash and that was pretty good. Coffee was french pressed and good. 

To summarize, be prepared to wait for everything. Wait to be seated, wait to get your order taken, wait to get your food and wait for the check to arrive. I probably would not recommend this place for brunch. I've had better food/service in Vegas elsewhere. P.S. Check out Comme Ca, a French restaurant in the Cosmopolitan.We chose to eat here while in Vegas because of reviews that the outdoor dining had great people watching.

True, they do! But even though we had made a reservation weeks in advance, we learned upon arrival that outdoor seating was first come, first serve --- bummer! That's why we came here! We were told the wait list for the patio was 1.5 hours. Reluctantly, we dined inside.

The food was good (not great), nice ambiance, excellent service.I wrote this review while eating at the restaurant on my phone just in case i forgot the details of how bad the food was.... perhaps it was just us failed at ordering and we shouldn't have listened to the waiter because whatever the waiter recommended was NOT good at all. The fish and chips were 20 dollars and it's not on the menu. The french fries tasted like deep fried oilly potato skins and the fish was pan-fried without seasoning  (very plain...and I don't think its fresh either).  the Cobb salad has a weird taste that gave me a bad after taste (ew...hate it so much). So I couldn't help but to stare at everyone else's food surrounding our table and wondering what an epic fail that we picked the worst dishes on the menu and off the menu.... .... So the bill came out to be 53 dollars for fish&chips/cobb salad/2 coffee. 

Anyways, the only comforting thing was that the host and another waiter were very friendly and helped us to get situated at a better table than the original one that we were suppose to be seated at. 

So overall, please do not order Cobb salad and fish&chips... Because you really don't want to waste your money on those two seriously not delicious (I am trying hard not to use the word that starts with the letter D...) dishes..and I have to say its not only the worst restaurant I have been to in Vegas, but the worst food experience I have ever had (and i'm NOT exaggerating) 
Service : 4 stars 
Food: ZERO star if that was an option

Here is a picture of how those two dishes look like... they look okay but tast D_____G.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=z3izxU7Eckk67LFAP1pTVg&userid=S8lmPHaZK1RoSc5gtaZtWwSince I live on the strip I have dined  in many restaurants here. Mon Ami Gabi is nothing special. The food is above average  the sides are large. Dining on the patio is nice during the cooler months but you can't reserve seating there.  Las Vegas used to noted for it's service however that quality is hard to find anymore. I think that todays generation is getting what they ask for and expect. This restaurant is better than some in other casinos on the strip. Prices are  reasonable when compared to Bellagio and Caesars. Face it if you can get out under 150 (tip included) for dinner, desert, and a drink each for 2 on the strip at a good restaurant   consider that a bargain.hated this place because of the snobby waiter we got... the steak was so so too.. it did have good salad, breat and butter, but it's unfortunate that we had such horrible service that made me not want to eat or order more food from this place. this waiter we got made me sick....Only came here because a friend has already made reservations in advance, the ambiance was nice made me felt like I was in paris cafe, only one thing that I can remember is dont order anything that is chicken...its just plain dry and salty. Besides that service was nice and great and they even offered to exchange it for something else.This place alright. I ordered the fresh salmon appetizer with chips. It was a little bit on the bland side. The servers were pretty warm and welcoming though. It's not too bad for the price too. Interior is really cozy and cuteThe service was horrible. Long wait for food and asked for bread 4 times before it finally being dropped off... after my meal. The food was over priced, but it is located on the strip so it's understandable. Overall it was the service that I didn't likeRemember to make a reservation before coming here and try to request outdoors/patio seating. The table for our party of 7 was ready for us as soon as everyone arrived.

The servers were very attentive and our waiter had a great sense of humor. I ordered the merlot steak frites. The red wine sauce was on the sweeter end and the steak wasn't very tender and juicy (despite it being medium rare). However the frites were pretty crispy and went well with the red wine sauce. Most of my friends ordered the steak frites so I didn't get to try a wide variety of items on the menu, which could very well have been more impressive.Came here for a late night dinner after a memorable Vegas show. Although we made reservations it took them 10-15 min to set up our table and the front hostess has a bit of a snooty attitude towards us. We were seated by the outdoor balcony facing the Bellagio, which had a nice view. The complimentary french bread was very good, it was crunchy and warm. We also had a small complimentary dish from the chef, some sort of shaved carrots with lemon juice and pepper. It was refreshing and has a bit of a ting to it. 

I started off with the Soup du jour, which was butternut squash/apple soup.  It was creamy and had a very distinct butternut squash flavor. For entree, since it was a "french steakhouse," I ordered the Steak Roquefort with blue cheese sauce, It was the blue cheese sauce that caught my attention. The steak was a thin 1/4" thick flank steak, I assumed, with a wad of blue cheese sauce and some frites. I was a bit disappointed in the steak as it was a bit chewy and the exterior was grainy. The cheese sauce was good but I really expect the steak itself to be way better. In addition I ordered a side of ratatouille. My friends ordered the New York strip steak, which I was told was good, maybe I just didn't ordered the right item. Finally for dessert I ordered the sorbet, to be honest I really don't know what flavor it was, because when I ordered the waitress said it was blood orange, but it was nothing like blood orange, maybe I just heard it wrong. However, the sorbet was good and refreshing as you can imagine in the hot weather. 

Overall, service was average, food was not as good as I expected, but the view was magnificent. I give 3 stars for the food and 4 stars for the view, that's 3.5 stars, but I will have to dock 0.5 stars for the snooty hostess.The service was excellent.  The food tasted really good, however...I have never in my life had a fillet mignon that was so difficult to cut.  The flavor was great but I was expecting a very tender cut, that is why I paid the extra bucks. I would give five stars to my server.Solid 3.5 stars, simply because I just ordered waffles with mixed berries for a quickie before I splurge on hopefully a Wicked Spoon buffet lol.

Texture was to be expected for a French resto, same for the patio view.  Strawberries, blueberries and blackberries, sprinkled ever so lightly with white sugar powder.  A bit on the lean side but i'm being picky.

  I'm sure I'll return for the dinner to try their favourites as it's a nice date worthy place to go, fancy white linen and all.

Just did pickup.Over-priced food? I rather have gone to "The Olive Garden," lol. The bread was awesome, steak was okay. Our waitress was overly nice to the point of fakeness. I had great companies though! Overall, I give it 3 stars. :)Mon Ami is a solid value, food was priced right for the entree size and tasted great. I had a steak which was prepared well. Our reservation time was honored which always a good thing. Inside it can be a bit crowded and noisy but nothing out of hand. Beware - there are no reservations for patio seating so if you want a view plan to head over early and wait.Just o.k. to me. The two best things about it are 1) The view, and 2) the french fries.Came for lunch with my husband, we sat outside and the weather was beautiful. We ordered the frisée kale salad and onion soup to start, the salad was fantastic, the soup ok. I had the seafood crepe and my husband ordered the seal and fritters. My crepe was alright, the best part was the scallops but I wouldn't order it again. My husband's steak was tender he said, the sautéed onion and red wine sauce was good. Espresso to finish, overall a good lunch.Came here for dinner on a Sunday night. There was a short wait, about 15 minutes. I came with family and we got quite a few appetizers and entrees. To start we got freshly made warm French bread and butter, which was good. We also had the chicken mousse pate and escargot. The pate tasted great, and they gave a large slab. The escargot was only ok, there were 6 in butter sauce but weren't as tasty and were pretty small. For the main course we got au poiuve steak and scallops. Both were unimpressive. Steak was thin and sauce wasn't that tasty. Fries also came with the steak and they were very salty. My mom and sister got the scallops which were big portions but were also very salty. The meal overall costed over 200$ but value wasn't there. The service was great, but overall I should've gotten more value for the mealwent there with my family including 3 kids, not really a  kid-friendly restaurant, but we tried it because a good friend recommends it. Ordered steak bordelaise, i can say, it's one of the tastiest steaks i've had. don't have to add extra flavouring or sauce on the side. The place gets busy so i suggest to visit the place on a weekdayI came here for my b-day and made a reservation online.  I did not realize that it did not accommodate for patio seating until I read the fine print.  Once my party got there, we were sat in the dining room.  It would have been fine if the small round table wasn't between a POS that attracted chatty servers and the archway where people were constantly walking to and fro.  It just wasn't comfortable.  We asked a manager to move us and we were moved to a table out on the patio.

Our patio server came around and gave us our drinks, pear & ginger mimosas.  They were really good - worth trying!  The ginger definitely gives it an intense twist but it was real good.  After eating the complimentary baguette, our food arrived.  First, we ordered the escargot.  It was not served in a shell.  The sauce it was doused in was not that tasty, it was a bit bland.  And the snail itself was overcooked a tad.  I ordered the croque monsieur and it was served with really thin, crispy fries.  I was hoping it would be a little bit more authentic but was sadly disappointed.  It didn't taste bad but it wasn't great.  

This place was quite abuzz and there were lots of people coming in and out.  So there are lots of tables out on the patio that are close to each other.  But there was a nice view of the water show across the street.  The natural lighting on the patio was also very pleasant.

Overall, this is a place to come specifically for the ambience and experience.  Not so much for the food (at brunch).  Service was alright.  This is more of a touristy spot for sure.We came here for breakfast and were really looking forward to it based on the reviews online. I think we came here at the wrong time. We got seated and it took a while to get drinks and order taken (about 10-15 minutes). We finally got to order our coffee but we received without a creamer. The gentleman mentioned he would be back but he did not return. We asked a bus boy for the creamer cleaning the other table and he brought us a dirty one with fresh jam all over the bottom. We asked our waiter for another creamer. We both decided to order their eggs benedict (I ordered the Florentine and my boyfriend ordered the crab).The Florentine was the worst I have ever had. The eggs were sloppy and the asparagus was small cut up piece. I almost sent it back because I thought the asparagus was missing. I am a big fan of eggs florentine and I was surprised to not see fresh asparagus. The asparagus looked like cut up pieces of artichoke hearts. Our English muffins were overly buttered and took away from the meal. My boyfriend didn't finish his crab benedict. It was salty and the overly buttered muffin didn't help. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing here today. The coffee was the best thing about our meal.I must give this restaurant a second visit.  The reviews suggest that we had an isolated mediocre experience.  
Beautiful day to sit on the patio and enjoy the warm sun and view of the fountains.  A decent, slightly dirty martini and I was a pretty happy girl. 
Then our lunch arrived.  BJ's Cavatelli Pasta & Chicken was pretty yummy, my friend's Salmon Burger was also good.  My steak sandwich was just not good.  The meat was tough and chewy. The frites, however, were delicious.
What I should have done was have a Yelp-recommended dessert.  Instead, another dirty martini.  Out in the sun.  
Cut to Lizzie, heading for un petit somme.We chose this establishment for my Birthday due to the advertisement for Steaks . I ordered the Filet Mignon Medium rare. When I received my steak it was medium well. My husband brought this to our waiters attention and he was non pulsed so he spoke to the Maitre'd who was kind enough to remove it from our bill, however, the reason for this review is the waiter. He came back with the comment after we thanked him that "It was the lighting causing me to think it was medium well" He treated us like country bumpkins that didn't know the difference. Out of all the wonderful restaurants in Vegas I picked the most condescending arrogant snooty place I could find and I guarantee we won't be back. Big goose egg's to this placeThis place has a 5 star location in terms of view. In terms of wait time it and chaos, it probably only gets a 1 star. The architects designing this place clearly had no concept of crowd control. Trying to get in and out was ridiculous. Combine that with the bathroom being outside the restaurant; it was miserable trying to push through the crowds to get out and wash my hands.

Reservations were easy to make on my Yelp iPhone app via Opentable. We showed up; was seated after a lengthy delay (they DO NOT honor your reservation time!). Our server was super nice and made sure our side dishes were low on the calories and cooked in olive oil and not butter after conferring with the chefs.

Bread and butter plus a fennel apple salad appetizer was placed on the table. When I knocked over Hubs' freshly poured glass of wine, they were nice enough to replace it. We both ordered steak frites; cooked well and the portions were huge. 

We also tried the french onion soup which was a solid hit.

Touristy and crowded.Almost 4k reviews with an average of 4 stars?!! I was excited to try a few dishes here to say the least. We ordered Smoke salmon egg Benedict, blueberry pancakes and cheese omelet, everything was OK but not what I was expecting from a 4k reviews, 4 stars restaurant. 

I had smoked salmon Benedict which was a little too runny for my taste, salmon was too little and hollandaise sauce was almost non existent. Not sure if I'll give it another shot.I like the steak that I ordered a little upset that the breakfast wasn't served later than I thought. The prices though typical strip prices. The restaurant is pretty outdated it's best for looking at the fountains on the patio but might be an old people's restaurant.Mon Ami Gabi was the last restaurant we visited before heading to the airport to make our way home. I'm glad we stopped because it's hard to find a place back home that serves traditional French fare, such as the Croque Madame. That's what I ordered, and I don't have a regret whatsoever. My only complaint about the food is that the pomme frites (fries) arrived cold. My SO had a savory crepe, and it was average. But I don't believe crepes should ever be savory to begin with. 

Seating was uncomfortably close, with our neighboring table only a mere few inches away. It felt as though I was a part of their entire conversation, as that was the only thing I could hear during my meal. The service was slow, and it wasn't even busy. Our waitress could have cared less about our patronage. I mean, it is a restaurant on the Strip, but geez... I probably won't return on any future trips back to Vegas, unless I'm really craving French food, and there's literally nowhere else. 

Overall: 2.5/5
Food: 3.5/5
Service: 1/5
Atmosphere: 1/5Great location for people watching, right along the strip. The food wasn't anything special. It tasted good but was still mediocre. The hostess was unwelcoming and service pretty bad. Overall a decent place to go, but mostly thanks to the location and super cozy interior.I went there for lunch. A Food was not bad and the beef sandwich was very big and filling. But the waiter was overzealous which made us a bit overzealous which made us a bit uncomfortable. Everything was just okay and not worth the price. Probably won't come here again.The service was amazing, the decor was great as well as the view on the patio but the food did not meet my expectations. I was in a party of 7, and we came here for a late lunch. We did not have any reservations, but they were able to seat us within 5 minutes. 

Our server offered us bread and whipped butter. The bread was really hard, but hot and the butter made everything taste better! My friend and I split a caesar salad along with steak bordelaise and I was pretty much in disbelief when the salad came out. It's a very, very, very small serving for $10. It tasted fine, you can't go wrong with caesar salad. When I got the steak bordelaise I was also disappointed. There was barely any color on the plate besides brown, and branch of some leaf they put on the plate. It did not look appetizing, nor was the steak good. It was hard and the only thing good about the dish was the caramelized onions. The fries weren't that amazing either. I really wish they would pair their steak frites up with veggies instead of just an enormous serving of fries. 

Other people in our party ordered the natural chicken paillard, chicken broccoli and cheese crepe, grilled salmon and spinach salad, a cheeseburger and chicken and brie sandwich. The best dishes out of those would be the chicken, broccoli and cheese crepe along with the grilled salmon salad. 

Not sure if I would be back, I expected it the food to be a little better considering that it is a french restaurant with prices on the higher end, but it was a good experience.Meh. That's what I have to say about this place. The best part was the ambiance. We had a table on the inside patio. Nice location. Service was mediocre. We had to ask twice for a new napkin because the first was stained and dirty and our server brought us the wrong bill first. Apparently they have a separate gluten free menu just for lunch and dinner, not breakfast which is what I came for. The corned beef hash was decent, nothing to write home about. Overall it was mediocre over-priced food. *5/23/15food is better than it was for a while. Try the Bourguignon, the pate and the Mussels. All are better than OK now. Service is still pretty bad. Too many movie stars waiting to be recognized. View and ambience are good. Only in Vegas could this place be rated good and a value. Why do you think Michelin stopped rating LV restaurants??I really want to like this place but maybe I had too high of a hope for it.

Escargot - is fine. made and tasted like any french restaurant I been to. The sauce was left for dipping bread.

Steak Classique - For some reason, I thought it was a thick steak but instead it was a flat slab. I asked for medium rare and it came our medium and bit salty. The side of frittas was too hard to eat for my taste and left it in the plate.

Sadly, the bread and escargot was the best part of the meal. However, the ambiance was quite nice inside and the service was impeccable. 

I made reservations for 7:30 and had to still wait 15 minutes. I don't think I will recommend this place to anyone.The winners of the 1 stars are for the waiters and food- that was delicious and waiters that save us from walking away from the restaurant. However- our experience with the front desk, was the worst ever for the type of restaurant and the prices- even McDonald's hosts offer better services!!  Just brief summary of the experience- I had reservation, i arrived on time and 6 hosts at the front door- take it more than 20 minutes to sit us, including sitting 2 couples before than us that had NO reservation while the restaurant inside was almost emptied. When we ask about our table status, in a very disrespectful way- the young lady asked "did you check in' with a attitude and no intentions of provide service of sitting us as we make the reservation and check in 5 minutes before of our time. While the rest of the hosts (remaining 5) circle around without any direction.Nice cafe with a view of Bellagio's water fountain.  Service was just ok - didn't feel the waitress put in effort as we had a group of 5 and that's mandatory gratuity charged.  Good location and atmosphere.

** Burger: juicy
** Quiche: runny and too soft
** Skate: good texture and size
** Seafood stew: tastyGreat food.   Awful service.  Waiter totally forgot about us.  Don't if he is awful waiter or if we were not important.  Not busy.  Would have given 1 star except food was great.Good view but okay food. I'd rather go to Bouchon in the Venetian for brunch if you want good brunch food. But they don't have the same amazing view. 

FOOD:
Chocolate Croissant (4 stars): Flaky with a good amount of chocolate. 

Strawberry Vanilla French Toast (3.5 stars): Nothing too special. 

Croque madame (3 stars): Salty and it smelled weird. Pretty small also. Although I love their french fries, that was probably my favorite thing here.

VIEW (5 stars):
If you get a seat on the patio you get to watch the Bellagio Fountains go off every 15 minutes. Beautiful view. You also get to people watch and see people take pictures of every little thing!

SERVICE (5 stars):
Our waitress was really nice. She acknowledged our special occasion but we did not get anything complimentary. 

Basically you're coming here for the view, don't come for food, and don't come to sit inside. Inside was still nice but at least outside you have an outstanding view that balances the average food.We heard great things about Mon Ami Gabi, so we decided to try it for dinner. They gave is complimentary fresh warm baguette with room temp butter. Pretty good, we asked for a second loaf. We started with appetizers and ordered the Escargots. Omg, they were so good. The garlic herb butter that the escargots was seasoned with were amazing. The snails were juicy and very tasty. We all loved it so much we ordered another two... And used up all the complimentary bread by soaking up the delicious garlic herb butter! I ordered the mushroom soup and the hanger steak. Both were just OK. The soup was really bland, had no flavor at all. Hanger steak was alright, also lacked flavor. I think most people rave about their breakfast/brunch menu, so I'll probably have to come back to give Mon Ami Gabi another try for breakfast... That's if I can wake up early enough.. Saying noone sleeps earlier than 4am when in Vegas!Taste: 3
Value: 3.5
Cleanliness: 4
Atmosphere: 4
Wait time:4
Overall:3
1 being the worst, and 5 being the best



Came here with a big group( of 14) and we were some how able to get reservations, I was told this place is usually booked out a month in advance, and some how there was a drop out and we got lucky( we were trying to book about 3 weeks out)


Even though we had reservations it still took over 30 minutes to get us seated which was a bit disappointing especially when you are hungry.
They ambiance is dark lighting, semi romantic. as you walk in you dont feel like you in vegas, which is nice to get away for a second.

I order steak of course, which they are know for, the steaks are average between 25-35
I was say this was the best steak that I had for the price, most steaks under 20 dollars taste like rubber, and usually the only other steaks that I like are LB steak, Alexanders, Sage, craft steak etc, but those run you closer to 80-90 which are good too.

The steak I ordered rare and came as asked, flavors were good, tender juicy. The cut it self was pretty thin, I was expecting more of a normal cut, but for the price it cant be beat.

They also give you full sized bread baggets at the table when you sit which were nice, I used mine to soak up some of the juices from my steak.

The fried onion things that came with it were okay, not much flavor, it felt like you were eating/ tasting just air.


Over all I would come back again, at the price point the quality/ value is very good, however the wait/ reservation part is banannasWent there for brunch place was packed ordered the salmon eggs Benedict it was ok salmon was a little to salty. Wifey had the corned beef has which was good as was the croissant. With all the local places to eat I probably won't be back!If you know good food, then you shouldn't eat here. The cassoulet was terrible. The duck was overcooked, stringy, and dry. The pork belly might as well have been ham. The navy beans were undercooked and almost crunchy. The raw oysters were overly fishy and tiny. The French onion soup was nothing special. The bread in it looked and tasted like wheat loaf bread. The House Vouvray was corked. The service was abrupt and uninformed. Her lack of knowledge of the menu - and French cuisine - was inexcusable. And if you are charging $25-$30 a plate, the servers should know how to pronounce what they are serving. Cocktails and desserts were good. Atmosphere is nice.I came to Mon Ami Gabi for a Sunday brunch. I knew it is gonna be busy, as it was the V-day + President's Day weekend. I made reservation through Opentable. But when I got there, I found out that reservation was only good for inside tables. Outdoor table was walk-in only. Well, we weren't too hungry and the wait was 15 - 30 min, so we waited. The tables were really packed, and they have a heater between every table which made it even more packed. People actually ducked under the heater to get to their seat, which could potentially light their hair on fire.

The waitress was pretty friendly and we didn't expect too much given they were busy. The bread that they served was warm and fresh out of the oven. We ordered a French Onion Soup and the Soup du Jour, Lobster Bisque. They were both pretty good. Lots of cheese in the onion soup and they poured the bisque from a pot at the table. Then we had a Bacon Cheeseburger with Bleu Cheese and a Fish and Frites. They were delicious. The pommes frites side was one of the best. Oh, I ordered a latte, and it smelled and tasted extremely well.

The ambiance, the food, and the service were not bad. It wasn't amazing, but I enjoyed it. It has a lot of potential. I might come back again for dinner. Hopefully, they won't be as busy.

On a side note, there's the thing about people in Vegas. They are rather pretentious and trashy. The table right next to us was really LOUD. The women have big blond hair, and one of the men wore a cowboy hat. Guess where they're from. They were probably one of those people who would stand on the left side of an escalator. I could hear everything they said and I actually had to raise my voice so that my friend can hear me.Decent food.  Service is average at best.Don't plan on being treated very well. The hostess staff could care less about you when you arrive. They are just there to have poor attitudes and here cattle. Save yourself the trip and go somewhere else.The atmosphere was nice as many have said.  Had  Large shrimp and french onion soup. I  felt that for $15  I could have more than 4 jump shrimp. Soup was good-great.  My wife though ordered  the special (halbut or roughy I don't remember) but the fish was as bland as could be. No flavor , no seasoning, I was disappointed. bread was good. I guess I would try it again but with so many options in Las Vegas probably not.The food was excellent and deserves 5 stars. The service from our waitress was horrible and deserves one star. We ordered the Apple waffles which were fluffy and delicious. Also ordered the three egg breakfast which was also good. I ordered sausage and it came w bacon instead but w no waitress to check on us through the whole meal I was stuck with it. Would recommend the food and atmosphere and hopefully a better waitress!I went here for breakfast with a group.  First off, no seating of incomplete parties.  I don't see that as a negative, but some may.

We got a great table outside and got to people watch til our hearts were content while gnawing on some tasty food.  I got the standard fare of 3 eggs with toast and bacon and coffee.  Unfortunately, it's pretty hard to go much higher than 3 stars for that or much lower. (OK, it's not hard to go lower, but it's pretty tough to screw that up)  The bacon was actually amazingly good - nice and thick cuts with what my burned out palate detected as somewhat maple-y as well.  The eggs were fine as was the toast and potatoes.  

Perhaps, on another drunk weekend, I'll stop in and be more adventurous.It was way too dark, the fan/ac was on full blast and made dining uncomfortable. The pickled carrots that were brought out was delicious. So was the bread, even though the presentation  could have been better. The steak with its sauce was pretty good, I have had better. The fritas were great and the asparagus was pretty good too. I would def go back and explore the menu. Id go with 3 1/2 stars.Overrated.

The best thing about the meal was the bread and what seemed to be freshly made butter (which is still served cold).

We should've gone to a Ramsay restaurant.

Our server was great, but the seating situation sucked. I had an awesome view of stripper-mobiles with a side of car exhaust to go with my meal. Giant tits on a billboard and some fumes mixed in with my salmon. Unfortunately, the lighting inside was poor, and it seemed all servers were outside anyway.

Red Lobster probably serves better seafood than this place, and at half the cost.
Honestly, I was severely underwhelmed.

The sour cream ice cream was delicious, but didn't make up for the lackluster meal.Did I go to the same restaurant as everyone else? =( I've definitely had better. I had such high hopes going to this place for dinner with my husband and in-laws; maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but for such a well reviewed restaurant and at the prices they charge, I expected consistency and was left disappointed. Some of the things they did well (dessert!) was very good, but not enough to outweigh the bad. 

The opening bread was warm, crusty and lovely. This was accompanied by quite a downer of a carrot salad - typically served with herbs and doused with olive oil and lemon, it should be refreshing, but ours was bland and tasteless (maybe they forgot the salt or lemon juice?). Then followed onion soup, which was filling and quite good, with a nice layer of melty cheese on top and a sweet and salty, if a bit too salty, soup base. 

I tried a small bit of my husband's rib eye, which was well flavored and tasty, but not, I felt, exceptional nor did it warrant its price of $40, although in retrospect, maybe I should have gone with a steak of some kind. Maybe I made a mistake ordering the mussels mariniere w/ frites (full order) at a steakhouse - but it's a French steakhouse! And mussels mariniere is so classically French! The mussels were slightly gritty and clearly not very fresh, the sauce tasted like mostly cream and butter without any scent or taste of the delicate spices and herbs that usually accompanies it, and the fries were stale and slightly cold. This was incredibly disappointing for me.

We ended dinner with an excellent bananas foster crepe with caramel sauce, with vanilla ice cream. This was the highlight of the dinner; the caramel sauce was deep and rich, and who can resist that incredible juxtaposition of cold ice cream melting into warm caramelized sugar? I know I can't. 

On the plus side, the service was friendly and efficient. Since it was raining, we were seated in the atrium instead of the sidewalk patio, which still afforded a view of the Bellagio fountains. When our server found out my concerns about the mussels, he relayed it to the chef, who comped us the dessert, which I appreciate, but ultimately, I don't think I'd come back, especially when there are so many other places to eat on the strip!Terrible service.
My friends and I came in for lunch on a Saturday morning.  It was crowded, but we had a reservation and were seated right away.  Unfortunately, after we ordered, it took over an hour for our food to arrive.  When it did arrive, it was obvious that the food had been sitting out for quite some time, as it was completely cold.  Most egregiously, my friend's crepe had been sitting out for so long that the sauce had congealed.  We asked to see the manager.  When we explained the problem to him, he was completely unapologetic.  While we understood that the rest of our food might have looked fine to the staff, we showed him my friend's crepe, which was obviously congealed, and explained that it never should have been brought to us like that.  His response was to tell us that maybe we should work at the restaurant.  After this incredibly rude comment failed to convince us to drop the issue, he eventually took her crepe off the bill, and took 50% off the remainder of our entrees.  While this eventual response was appropriate, it would have been nice if his first instinct had been to apologize and try to make up for the restaurant's errors instead of to ridicule our concerns.  The sad thing is the food seemed like it probably would have been delicious if it had been brought to us hot.After all of the amazing reviews I saw on yelp I was so excited to come here for my last morning in Vegas. Mannn what a disappointment. My poached eggs were overcooked and the salmon was kind of dry. Not exactly the delicious breakfast I was looking for unfortunately.I came here for Easter Sunday brunch and it was nice, the food was yummy. My friend got the seafood crepe and I got the beef bourge bene which was so yummy and tasty. 
Our server Cheryl was really nice but geez the staff at the hostess stand had a snappy attitude. Overall a good experience. If you intend to sit at the patio you have to join the waitlist they don't take reservations for that area. Best to make a reservation if you just want to try the food anyway.Below par on customer service AND food.  Food was definitely NOT worth the prices charged and the taste was very bland.  Waitress was not very friendly.  I lve here locally and took an out of town guest there,,,, she was not impressed.Went for my 30th bday and the service couldn't have been worse. It's too bad because the food was great.We sat down as a cockroach was crawling across the table. The host was nice enough to step on it but we left before trying any of the food.  I'm well aware that many great restaurants have their share of problems I just prefer not to see them.Service was great, outdoor patio ist pretty nice. We had filet mignon which was great and worth 4 stars. Unfortunately my vegetable farcis was not good at all (overcooked, far too many onions and almost no quinoa) and really too expensive ($20) for the poor quality. I would really give 0 stars for the vegetable farcis.This is the most horrible restaurant in the strip. Really bad service , the wine was warm .. The waiter was super rude .. And the ladies on the entrance when we reported what happens they just stay quite. Horrible. Food also expensive and really badThis is the second time eating here.  I was impressed the first time but not so much the second time around.  I ordered the filet mignon, a house salad, and the french onion soup.  The salad was nothing special...just a typical salad that you can get at a chain restuarant.  The filet was a little hard and chewier than I expected, and the food felt like it was drenched in butter.   I felt so sluggish after this meal!  The only thing I liked about dinner was the french onion soup which was super delicous.Mon Ami Gabi is cute.  I love Paris, the *real* Paris and by extension I love the Paris hotel.  It was my first time eating at Mon Ami Gabi and it was good, but not fabulous.  I had the chopped salad, so I can't expect a lot from a salad, but I also tried the special soup and my friends mussels and still, the food was just OK. 

The location is perfect and the service is very good.I'll admit that the lovely patio, overlooking the Strip and Bellagio fountains, might justify picking this restaurant. However, if you're not going here for the atmosphere, don't go here at all. The food and service are just mediocre. The free baguettes are the best part -  the French onion soup and the two apps I tried (escargot and chips with blue cheese dip) were just okay. This is French bistro fare commercialized (those from the Chicago area will know that this is a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant, all of which I have found to be underwhelming). Service wasn't their strong suit either. When we walked in, around 6PM on a Monday evening, and told them we just wanted some drinks and apps, the hostess said she couldn't seat us for that. After looking around at the 75% empty dining room and probably looking at her strangely, she called her manager to get the OK to seat us. As someone who's worked as a restaurant server, I can tell you that any place should be thrilled to have a table like that - high tab from alcohol and quick turnover. Then our server seemed a bit out of it. So if you're just looking for a reasonably priced place overlooking the Bellagio fountains, Mon Ami will fit the bill, but if you care equally about the food and service, you'll be a bit disappointed.I was a little disappointed with the food, the presentation of it. OK it' is a great spot to sit outside and people watch on the strip. Other than that, the food was very plain, but I guess it's only like a bistro type place. I didnt see too many actual 'french' type foods and I've been to France and was born in Europe. The french fries are tasty, the french onion soup wasnt crazy salty like other places make it, and the tomato salad was refreshing and my hubby liked his burger. 
Inside looked nice and huge with plenty of tables. We did have reservations made in advance for 7;30, but we were in the area by around 6-6;30 so we checked in with the hostess to see if we can already get on the list for outdoor seating. She said it'll be about 30 mins and gave us a buzzer. So we were limited to how far we could wander off, but it was a good thing cause in 10-15 mins we were buzzed. So that part worked out :)Other than that, I didnt fall in love with the place and dont feel the need to go to another Mon Ami Gabi (since it's a chain).Hmm...it's a hype.  Service was excellent though.  Love the ambience and view.  Though the food average if anything. Ordered the escargot...way too much oil so all you taste was olive oil.  The baguette at the beginning was good.  Reminded me of the Vietnamese lees sandwhich bread.  Ordered e seafood crepe which was good but wasn't omg.  It's something you can find at many places.  Ordered the pate, as well as French onion soup.  The pate a bit too dense and not as smooth and melt in your mouth as I prefer.  Soup was good with a balance, not too salty .  Overall I think this place has average food.  It was mind blowing but wasn't bad.This place is overhyped....the food is okay, fairly priced and their orange juice is definitely not freshly squeezed.

I ordered the spinach and goat cheese omelette (really buttered and fattening green beans, but I guess that's why it tastes good) and the corn beef hash and poached eggs...okay dishes overall, but I don't know how they got 4 stars.

Also, my hash browns tasted as if they spilled salt onto it, and my friend's was tasteless. The food was colder than the plate and the waiter gave us the wrong check.My food came wrong! Then they didn't even offer to substitute until the rest of the table had finished eating. I asked then to describe a beer and they brought it without telling me it was NON ALCOHOLIC. They didn't offer to take it back. Won't be returning on subsequent trips to vegas!Great location, sitting out on the patio. You get a view of the crowd and the fountain at night. But this week, everything we ordered was super salty.  Previous dinners have been fine,  but my last visit was a disappointment.  Our table had a couple of different steaks and only the filet mignon was good. The side of mushrooms were so salty, they were inedible! I was not a happy camper.  Will not be back. So many great restaurants in Vegas, I was bummed I missed an opportunity elsewhere.Average breakfast, tourist restaurant in front of the Bellagio fountain.

It's got a very nice patio seating area with heaters for winter.

I ordered the smoked salmon benedict and the bun was way too hard that I couldn't cut through with my knife.  My wife ordered the French toast, it's not too bad but nothing extraordinary.

Like I said, if you want a breakfast that's more finer than Denny's than give it a try, if it's not too hot make sure you ask for patio seat.  Although I believe they have mists running outside during hot summer heat.

My opinion above is solely based on breakfast and I know they offer many other choices for lunch and dinner.  Overall it's not too bad, you won't be disappointed that's what I would say.I only ordered a Pain Au Chocolat or Chocolate Croissant as some call them, and a coffee. 

I did try some of the Cherry Crepes which were good. The whipped cream on the side was horrifically delicious, like you know there's so much fat in it but you can't help but scoop it up. 

On to the bad part, our waiter was so grumpy and short with us! There were 12 of us girls, so maybe he felt overwhelmed? Still, no excuse for that, especially because we were not a demanding group by any means. 

The other bummer was the Pain Au Chocolat, this is a French restaurant with crazy good reviews about their Pain Au Chocolat! It was dry and bland, there's no way it was freshly made that day. I've had better pastries from the grocery store bakery. Very disappointing.

I don't plan on going back.Really bad staff! Mean People!!! 
Poor customer service! Don't go here if you wanna enjoy your breakfast In vegas. They had us sit outside under direct sun, and the food was meehhhh!!!!! 

Do yourself a favor, don't eat here! 
Dirty plates , dirty everything! Yuk!For Steakhouse prices, we got TGIFridays food and even worse service.


Impressions did not start off well, as I had made a reservation for 8 people for Sunday at 7pm, but when we arrived, and they had no record of it, despite my having left my credit card number.  (I'm now a bit worried as to who I gave my credit card info to).

Luckily, they were able to get us in about 15 minutes later; however, they never apologized for the mix up.

Comfortably sat, we ordered cocktails.  They seemed to take a while to come out, and when they finally did arrive, the waiter spilled half of my martini on the table and my lap.  "oops" he said, and set the remaining drink in front of me.  We soaked up the alcohol with napkins and he never mentioned it again.

Amidst a general theme of slow yet obtrusive service,  food was okay.  Steak was oversalted, escargot were bland, french onion soup was 3/4 cheese. heck, even the coffee at the end of the meal was poor.

I would not return.Food looked great and the service was good but after dinner while chit chating there ..I had to use the restroom and had to quickly and another from my party!! Food tasted good but ...On the plus side, it's really easy to make an Open Table reservation to eat at Mon Ami Gabi.  On the down side, if you want to eat on the patio, it's first come first serve, so expect a wait.  We wanted to have dinner on the patio, but our show tickets for later that evening did not allow us the option to wait the 45-60 minutes they told us it would be at 6pm.  We were quickly seated at an inside dining table at our reservation time.  

Soon after being seated, our waiter brought us some really good (and fresh) French bread.  It's served in a paper sack as if you just picked it up from a French bakery.  Good stuff.  For starters, we had the Warm Brie Cheese.  If you've had Brie served with some sort of sweet topping, then you get the picture.  

For my entree, I had the Roquefort Steak Frites.  The Steak Frites are one of the restaurant's specialties.  The steak was tender and cooked as requested.  If you enjoy blue cheese, then the Roquefort sauce is the way to go.  The best part is dipping the potatoes in the sauce.  Mmmmm.Very nice place with horribly slow and in attentive service. Both my steak and my wife's scallops were undercooked with the steak being too rare to eat. Pretty disappointing.Today must have been an off day... Being a local I've eaten here many times and like to take guests here.  We waited for a table for 5 outside with out of town guests, checked with the host stand after waiting double the time quoted and was informed the table was paying.  The hostess immediately asked to wait outside.  We asked if there was a bar we could get a drink at while we wait?  George the bar tender was polishing glasses and I had to ask if I could order a drink, he asked if we were 21 and then continued to polish glasses and talk small talk.  I had to ask again and he annoying raised his voice and changed his tone and said, yes yes I said you could what do you want?  Hoping lunch would make up for the rude service, 2 of us ordered the steak sandwich and the bread came over done, very hard to bite into, cut up my mouth.  They usually serve a basket of the best French fries and both of us had a very small pile on our plates that looked like it was from the bottom of the basket all burned and very crispy almost like kettle chips.  To top it off our server came to clear plates and asked if we were done, my mom said yes we are through, our server responded with, are you sure you ate everything but that one bite?  
So many places to eat in Las Vegas why come somewhere and get treated rudely?The worst dinner. I ordered the skate fish which was ammonia ridden to the point of making me nauseous. The waiter didn't seem surprised when brought to his attention. The manager came over but was not in any way apologetic. Absolutely no concern was shown as she couldn't be bothered by such serious food and health issues. I am thinking should at least bring this to the attention of health department.I had the Bone-In Ribeye, and it was ok. I ordered it rare, and it came with a very nice red interior. It was also pretty tender, but it could've used more seasoning to bring out the beefy flavor. The black peppercorns were very coarsely grounded so some bites were overly peppery. On the plus side, the ribeye had a good sized rim/cap/deckle/whatever you call that piece of meat surrounding the edge of a ribeye. That's literally the best piece of meat from a cow.Too much hype and too many reviews leads to lower in quality of food and service. It's a shame because I can tell that food can be so much better but the kitchen and service staff are probably in a rush to get food ready and turn tables. 

My steak was good but frites were cold. Appetizer came only one minute after ordering which leads me to think that there were a bunch made just ready to serve. 

Perhaps it was because I went during a busy time but if I do go back again, I'll make sure to go when it's not so busy.Went here last night to celebrate my girlfriends birthday. The restaurant is neatly tucked underneath the Eiffel Tower of the Paris hotel. Scheduled our reservation through OpenTable, and after arriving we were seated within minutes. The place was packed, but I was very happy with our spot. 

To start off we were given a plate of carrot salad, and bread on the side. My lady hates carrots, but she thought it tasted great. The bread was good, although I was surprised it wasn't pre cut. Never tried escargot before, but we had to try! It was warm, tasty, and had a texture similar to scallops. We gobbled it up like candy. For the main course I ordered a Steak Bordelaise cooked medium rare. The steak was thin, and so tender my heart melted with every bite. The caramelized onion sauce was the perfect topping. My girlfriend's should've been the same, yet it was overcooked. The frites were ok but the whipped cauliflower had us licking the bowl.  We received a complimentary desert for her birthday. 

The restaurant has an intimate setting, so it may be hard to spot your waiter at times. Our waiter's service started off great, but declined over time. He checked on us less often, and was in a constant rush.  After we finished, I did the usual signing of the receipt since I paid with my card. The waiter immediately scooped it off the table while we were still talking. Definitely an awkward moment.

If you're in the mood for french cuisine, check this place out. I have a feeling it may not be the best, but the prices are reasonable and the food is fantastic.Despite having a reservation for 8 on my birthday, we waited in line to be told that our table was ready but we could not be seated until everyone was present. We explained that the 6 of us present wanted to order drinks and appetizers but were again told it was " against restaurant policy." The absolute ignorance of the daft management paired with the nuisance of the obnoxiously rude hostesses was a perfect foreshadowing of lousy service.  When we requested an ice bucket for our bottle of white, the server scoffed and stated that "it is cold enough." The food was great, but to btrio mistreated, be sure to take your services elsewhere as Mon Ami Gabi is obviously not in need or desire of patronage.The wife decided to get all dolled up so how can I not take her to a classy establishment for a great dinner. Funny enough.. This place wasn't my first choice but got chosen because of the fact they open late and we got distracted working up a sweat before getting ready.

Made a reservation. Got there on time and was immediately seated outside with a view of the Bellagio Fountains. Matt was our main server. I say main because a few others were coming by to help drop off food or clean up.

We ordered some drinks (Sidecar #43 and forgot the other one) and the country pate to start off with the warm bread and whipped butter. The bread and butter was delicious. The sidecar was extremely sweet which neither my wife or I was a fan of. The other drink wasn't worth remembering.. neither great nor horrible. The pate wasn't bad. It was worth eating but I've had better.

I ordered the 22oz Ribeye and my wife ordered the chicken. Considering the fact our server talked up cuts and mentioning it was what they were famous for.. I honestly wasn't impressed. I've had far better steaks for far less.

Oh! I also got the garlic spinach and creamed cauliflower on the side. The spinach was nothing to write home about but the creamed cauliflower was delicious and creamy. Definitely would get again if I were to come back. 

Also one of the server's gaze seemed to come to rest on my wife's cleavage (Clay-VaahGe) quite often. I was going to say something but I do realize how great it is so I let it slide. Haha.After a referral from a dear friend, my husband and I decided to visit this spot for breakfast. Unfortunately, We were very disappointed. 

I ordered the corn beef and hash with egg whites and no hash browns sub fruit. To say the meal was EXTREMELY greasy would be an understatement. My husband ordered an egg white omelet with sausage and cheese and was very disappointed. He also ordered the side of bacon which was so over cooked it was close to beef jerky. His meal was also extremely greasy. Overall, the food was a bust. We will never eat here again. 

However, the atmosphere was awesome! We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the scenery.This was my first experience at Mon Ami and it was okay I must say. Yes, just okay.. The food was edible. Nothing to tell your friends about. Hostesses did not acknowledge my party of two. We decided to stop at the bar before being seated and she was a charm. Great conversation as well as delicious drinks. I recommend ordering the grape specialty cocktail! So we're seated and we get greeted by a wonderful Albanian server. She makes the experience better, we order, watch the beautiful view of the Bellagio Fountain Show, and end our visit. Overall as I said it was okay. I wouldn't come here again nor recommend this restaurant to anyone.I have mixed feelings about Mon Ami Gabi. The food was good but the service was beyond sub-par. I expected a lot better. We walked in for breakfast and were seated after a couple of minutes. We took a table inside to avoid the wait and the decor was nice but it felt cramped. People passing by were constantly bumping my chair. The server came out, brought us our waters and took our orders. Within a reasonable amount of time our food was out and boy was it delicious! I ordered the mushroom and cheese omelette (mushrooms, brie, chives) and my fiance ordered the ham and cheese omelet. We were very pleased with our meals, but that first glass of water that was brought out? Yeah that was the only one we got for the duration of our meal. I finished my glass half-way into my meal and kept expecting the guy filling waters to stop at our table. However, I watched him THREE times as he picked up a water pitcher, walked past our table, looked right at my empty glass and proceeded to give water to another table. And then he would walk back by our table to put the pitcher down. And repeat. THREE times, within about 10 minutes. And those were just the times I saw him do it. I tried motioning to him a couple of times but it's as if eh were intentionally ignoring us. It was incredibly inconsiderate. Furthermore, the waitress didn't bother to stop by once until she was ready to bring us our checks. At this point I was parched and asked for a water, which we didn't get until after we had paid. The food was good, but if I can't get something as simple as a refill of water and, even worse, feel as if I'm being ignored, I won't go back. Next time I go back to Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi will not be on my list of places to visit. Very poor service.My boyfriend treated me to a late lunch for my birthday. He wanted something different for me and I was fine with that. I'm rating based on my overall experience here. I'm really not picky about where I sit when I eat but I felt uncomfortable where we were placed. The table seemed right in the middle of an area where all the traffic flowed in. The waitress brought us our drinks (soda) and they turned out to be diet. She gladly exchanged them. For the prices listed in the menu I was expecting a bit more on my plate. I had the caramelized scallops, which came 4 pieces (25 dollars) total along with sliced red bell peppers. It looked as if it was missing something, the plate looked a bit bare to me. So I ordered a side of asparagus. The asparagus didn't come until the end of my meal only after I asked about them. My boyfriend got an amazing steak (27 dollars) made my meal look like a toddler's meal:) My meal, although small in size, was very delicious. I don't see myself ordering that dish in the future. I was expecting more overall and I felt disappointed...but it was my birthday so no complaints allowed at the table. :)First let me start off with the good. This restaurant is very pretty. The lighting is perfect and it is right across the street from the Bellagio fountains which you can see from the patio and from inside. Our server was also great. He was very attentive and even make us laugh a few times without being overly goofy.

The bad. And it was bad. We ordered an appetizer of assorted seafood which included whole lobster, tuna tar tar, jumbo gulf shrimp and oysters. The oysters were mishandled and had pieces of shell in them. The lobster was lacking flavor. It tasted bland. However the gulf shrimp were good as well as the tuna but for the price of the plate my husband and I were severely underwhelmed. Second course, pork chops and frites. The pork chop was incredibly dry, the seasoning was good but the pork should had been pulled from the fire a good 10 minutes earlier. We ate it but later hit the food court in our hotel for sub sandwiches that we liked so much better. I would not go back to Mon Ami Gabi for food but I would go back for drinks on their patio. The view is fantastic.We have been here three times and this was the worst experience. Probably won't be back.  They didn't have the drink we wanted to order. They didn't have the appetizer we wanted to order. The fish was overcooked. For dessert the waiter brought the dirtiest dessert menu he could find. What a joke.Get the true French experience with the super rude hostess. 1 star before even being seated and nothing they can do will compel me to change the review.My bf and I looked last minute for a late night french restaurant on the Strip, so Mon Ami Gabi was the one we chose based on the high ratings. 
Firstly, I was disappointed to see the limited menu but decided on the salmon salad, and my bf picked one of the steak entrees. Our food was brought to the table in 15 minutes. This was shocking considering it was a busy Friday night. My salad was subpar. My bf's steak was bland and well done, not medium like he ordered. In addition to that the waiter saw my boyfriend's napkin on the floor and just picked it up and put it on his lap instead of giving him a replacement. 
After a few bites of the steak my bf asked the server for a new york strip steak instead. Again the steak came out shortly after his request, and it was charred black all over! My bf was really upset and told the server there was no way he was going to eat his food and just wanted the bill. At this point the server seemed semi apologetic and said he would send the manager to address the matter. The manager came over and apologized and offered free dessert. We declined. The server came back saying that the manager wan't going to charge us for anything and hoped we would come again. Ha, fat chance!
One star is being given because we were seated with a great view of the bellagio fountains.I went here once for a friends birthday and was not overly impressed. The wait was a while, but that's what we should expect in Vegas I guess. It had a nice bar area to grab some drinks while you wait, or you could always hit up the card tables which were nearby.

The fillet was good, but it was nothing jaw dropping. They cooked the Tuna a friend ordered instead of searing it and kinda made a fuss about it, saying it was lighting or something. 

I think it was a little over-priced for what you get too. It was nice just to try it, but I dont' think I'd jump to the suggestion of coming here again unless I really had toI wanted to LOVE Mon Ami Gabi, I really did. They seemed very gluten free-friendly with a huge gf menu online. At the restaurant, not so much. The gluten free bread they served was two pieces of Udi's Gluten Free Bread that I buy every week at the store grilled with butter, NOT impressed. Ordered the Steak Classique which was cooked as ordered, the butter sauce was flavorful but would have liked it on the side better. Frittes were okay, a little overdone and very hard to eat. Husband had the Char special with pureed asparagus which he liked. I was most disappointed in the service. Server had NO personality, was not light with us when we tried to have conversation and seemed to care less we were there. He refused to take empty plates off the table, the bread plate didn't get cleared until the end of the meal (pet peeve). Felt like we were rushed in and out and were stuck at a tiny table in a dark corner (dark enough you couldn't read the menu or SEE your food).Mon Ami Gabi has one of the best locations on the strip - right in front of the Paris, with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, they don't take reservations for patio seating and the wait can get pretty long.  We gave up and opted to sit inside as a result.

In terms of the food, I'd recommend the escargot, French onion soup, and duck confit.  I'd suggest skipping the pate.  Overall, food was OK, but definitely a bit overboard in sodium content.  Most of the dishes were great for the first few bites, but quickly became too rich / too salty.  

Indoor seating is also extremely dark / stuffy (perhaps an interior remodel, additional lights, new furniture, etc. would help).  Overall, it's a nice place to eat if you're here for the view and manage to snag an outdoor table, but I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to come back.We had breakfast here twice on a recent trip to Vegas. First day I had waffles and whip cream - yum. Second day I had a baguette and some fresh fruit. Loved it. My wife had an omelet with goat cheese and was in heaven and then eggs benedict on day two.

Why 3 & not 4 or 5? Well the wait staff was a little slow and forgetful. Asking twice for one thing with one waiter on one day is one thing. Asking two different waiters twice each for two different things twice is a syndrome. But would I go back? Yup, I'll put up with slow service for the food, the location and the fun atmosphere.We had reservations via OpenTable for Valentine's Day.  When we arrived I saw a huge line of people waiting to get into the restaurant.  I told the hostess that we had reservations and she said, "so do all of those people".  Since we were hungry, we went elsewhere.  While this review is not about the food, it is about the fact that they would be so overbooked.  With so much competition in the area, we easily found another place.  Don't take reservations if you won't honor them.Maybe my expectation was too high. I had beef Bourgogne, salmon, escargot and onion soup. They were okay. Probably better than average vegas strip food but nothing more than that. Escargot was pretty disappointing. The bouncy texture I was looking for was not there. 

The service is great and it's good for people watching and the view.Had omelette for breakfast . Everything was fine. Come lunch time , service was terrible. They took one hour to bring our lunch. Besides, my friend ordered what was supposed to be a vegeteriann dishh, and they had bacon in it. This my friend realized halfway through his lunch.03/22/10-8:30pm. Told wait would be 45 mins.  Went back. Told it would be another 20 mins. Waited by front door and heard several groups of 2-6 people tell the seating guy they didn't have a reservation how long would it be. They were seated before us. When I complained the seating guy said their party was for six. Uh no. You seated a table of 2 then a party of 3.  We were finally seated almost 2 hours after we originally got there. Was the food worth it? Hmmmm....  No. The steaks were paper thin. Why bother asking how we want it cooked?  The French fries were greasy and cold. The luke warm soup was not that good.  The best part of the meal was the bread.  5 stars for the great bread.  The service was 3 stars.Me and my wife went there for brunch after a friend recommended it, but we were disappointed with the food and coffee quality. 
The server was nice, but she tried to up-sale our food choices telling us that the french toast comes plain without anything. In fact, the toast comes with berries and maple syrup. 
In addition, the coffee was horrible - it was a transparent, tasteless liquid that looked like tea! I had to change my order to a latte. Needless to say, the latte had no foam at all and it looked and tasted like regular coffee and cream. 
Obviously this place relies on foot-traffic and not on food quality to stay in business. 
Not recommended!Came here for lunch on a Thursday. Left tipsy but unimpressed.

Service was nice and efficient, and we were seated on the patio overlooking the strip pedestrians. We ordered a few dishes to share--the salmon tartare and the steak au pouvre. Also got a carafe of the frangria since I can't resist anything with rosemary in it. 

The warm bread and salmon tartare with homemade potato chips were probably the highlight of the meal. Although that pickled thing that looks like a miniature watermelon with a long stem and lots of seeds was nasty! What is that thing!? Why do restaurants serve these little devils mixed in with the delicious cornichons?? Gross.

The frangria, sadly, left a bit to be desired. Although it was not sickeningly sweet like some sangrias, it also didn't have the depth of flavors that the description led me to believe it would have. I couldn't taste the fruits and definitely could not taste the rosemary--which made me very sad. 

The steak was also just okay. The cut was so thin that even though we ordered medium rare the only part of the steak that was pink was a 1cm slice toward the middle. I like my steaks juicy and flavorful, and this place, despite all the hype about the steaks, fell short of that cut. 

Overall it was still a pleasant experience and sitting on the patio watching Vegas life was fun. Just don't expect the best steak of your life, and don't eat those picked-mini-watermelon-w/stems.I went to this restaurant with a party of around 12 people on 11/4/16 (Friday) between 730pm and 800pm. I received the most terrible service in my life by one of the servers who is a Caucasian bald male on the heavier side. He is very unprofessional in the following ways:

1. Skipping my drink orders.

2. After multiple prompts to get his attention, he finally came to me and reluctantly answer my question of "what kind of soft drinks do you have?"

3. Totally skipping my entree order. 

4. I finally received my entree order after multiple prompts (Again). 

5. Refused me a knife. He said I don't need a knife for my steak. I said I do. I had to ask for a knife 3 times. At this point I had to ask for Caucasian lady manager to help me (I think she's French). 

6. And then, before I could even finish my food, he wanted to take my plate away! 

7. And the end I wanted to order tea but he ignored me again. 

This is the worst service I have gotten in any restaurant I have been to. Throughout the evening he frequently argued with me over my requests about my food and drinks. My coworkers who were sitting next to me, which includes my boss's wife were there to witness how rude he was to me.This place is all about the view outside, overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and the Bellagio.

They were out of pate and chicken liver mousse! 

Seafood tower was pretty skimpy, really limited selection. 

The broth with the mussels was too buttery, and the frites were too thin. 

Escargot needed salt.

Service was a little slow.This review is of our experience and not of the food (we didn't get that far). Had a reservation for lunch - this was a place I was super excited to try out given all the great reviews. We walked in and the whole place reeked of smoke, but it's LV so most things smell of smoke. We were passed off to the girl to seat us and she took us to the little greenroom/sunroom area which was was like a freaking sauna. I asked her to be seated somewhere more shaded and she points to the table next to this one and says we can sit there. Mind you, there is indoor seating, with people sitting indoors, and in the shade. I completely lost it - they had already asked my seating preference at the hostess stand, I had asked for indoor seating - she said sure and took proceeded to take me OUTSIDE.  I just sat because if I opened my mouth any further we were going to have problems. Our waiter approached, took our drink order and we asked for Sweet N Low - and were told that they don't have any - who doesn't have Sweet N Low??!! We, ultimately decided to just leave. Sweat was pouring down our backs and things weren't going well otherwise. Horrible, horrible service experience.......then we had to find somewhere else to eat on a Friday afternoon at lunchtime. Double angry now!Pros:
- beautiful location with seating right on the strip
- great service
- reasonable prices for LV
- unique brunch fare
- great complimentary bread

Cons:
- food was a bit too rich and saltyI came for the lobster sandwich, and it was cool, The rib eye and french fries were probably among my favorites here.  I think you pay for the nice view and ambiance.  This place is always busy, you just have to be careful what you order and also their lunch and dinner menu are different so if you have something in mind you want to eat make sure it is on the menu for when you plan on going.Had the eggs Benedict smoked salmon special. That was good. Hash browns were thin hard and stale. The waitress started pouring coffee before we even asked. $7.50 for two cups of flavorless coffee, should have said something but was too tired to speak up. Vegas hey now.over 3000 reviews and a full 4 stars.  i was expecting good.  what i got was borderline mediocre and whatevs.  it started with our server who was more interested in the table of middle aged women next to ours decked out in gucchi from head to toe.  straight up housewives of las vegas status.  whatevers, i'm not hating on the women, as much as i am on our server.

he came to our table, introduced himself and said he'd be right back to tell us about the specials.  he did not return for another 10-15 minutes.  strike 1.

we ordered a variety of items.  i got the chicken and apples sandwich which was delicious.  the fries on the other hand.  meh.  

corn beef hash - he said the eggs would come out poached.  they did not.  it was fried.

full order of mussels.  i found it a little fishy, but gf's said it was good. 

salmon salad.  what a sad, sad salad.

it took us about 20 minutes to get our check even after we had finished our meal because our server was busy talking to the ladies and showing old photos from when he was young.  he then proceeded to go to a new table, use the same line he used on us, and then walked away even after seeing we were done.

i think we were visibly annoyed, but if he caught on he showed no signs.  just went right back to chit chatting with everyone else.  first time ever where i have only tipped 10% on a meal.I don't like steaks that are that flat. But it was average. The frites were a nice addition. The service was good. The ambiance is great for a date.Great salmon and oysters . The quality was really good, the oysters are flow in each day from Washington . The sea bass came out under cooked. After they recooked it was fine. I thought the Carmel on the Crème brûlée was to thick for my tasteCame back as usual for the annual meal.  I think the burgers have shrunk.  Much more bun than burger.  Still enjoyed it.When Mon Ami first opened it was actually pretty good. I most recently went for lunch and was not pleased that it had been turned into a glorified Chilis. The waitstaff has all the flare and service standards down but they are clearly working in a churn-em out place. Several items listed on the menu were clearly for the Chili's crowd as they are NOT in line with French food. The location and view are great. If you do not go to gourmet restaurants and think Applebees is fine for dinner, you will like this place. If you want gourmet- go to Bouchon instead.I had high hopes for this place, but the food just didn't deliver. Tasted like heavy, chain restaurant food that doesn't have a balance. You can tell the sauces are just used as a way to hide the lack of flavor on the steak. I was also disappointed with the onion soup. I've had much better in Chicago.5 stars for location - Paris is old-school Vegas and the restaurant has a great ambience.  Can't beat sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountains. Service was attentive but kind of ho-hum. We asked if it was possible  for the heater to be turned on, but were given a firm no -  with no explanation. My first two choices on the menu were not available (it was a late reservation, so no blame there) so I had the Skate, which was texturally interesting, and I really enjoyed. The sides were lackluster, and my boyfriend's steak with blue cheese sauce was just average. After the great reviews they had, I guess I expected more than a fairly average meal, but average it was.This used to be one of my favorite restaurants for years! Definitely the best french cuisine in Las Vegas but the service is not all there anymore. The hostesses are VERY rude like they are angry to be at work and when we decided to speak to a manager about it he blew us off and was very, very rude to us, kind of like we were bothering him. Don't get me wrong, to date it is my favorite french restaurant in LV but maybe a refresher in customer service would be nice.Came here for lunch and to taste their French onion soup. The soup was average but still tasty but the best part of the meal was the bottomless French baguettes that the servers continuously brought to the table. Would come here again and try their steak and frites as recommended by other guests.1 star for the view, baquette bread, the rest of the meal was shit.
Gotta love these overhyped, patheticaly busy "restaurants." Philly cheese steak joint at the airport can cook a better steak than these idiots.
I tried the steak with bernaise sauce, it was a thin steak that was sooo hard to chew I couldnt believe such a thin cut would give me nightmares to chew. For a place that devotes half of their menu to steaks, amazed to taste (if you call spitting out bite after bite from not being able to chew) this garbage, which coincides with pretty much every food place in Paris hotel.
And the fries they are so famous for? What a fuckkkkking joke. Imagine in and outs crappy fries which taste like potato chips, but fried so bad they are overdone, curled up and oily as shit. Yes, that is what all the rave reviews are literally reviewing when it comes to their pommes frites, or as I'd like to call them "potato-chip-shittez."
Appetizers=caeser salad only good item, and when I say good its a polite way of saying they didnt fuck up one item.
Mushroom soup=campbelleqsue waste of $9 bucks.
Complimentary bread and butter=Thank Lord for this item; I wouldve starved if I didnt eat 3/4 of the baquette.
Wife ordered scallops which were good tasting ( 4 whole scallops for 30 bucks) but arrived cold. I mean barely lukewarm to be nice. When I mentioned this and the steak, all I got was a half-assed sorry from the waitress and not even a comp on the steak. It wouldve been a nice gesture. Not needing it since have food credit on this stay, just waited to see their reaction, and...nothing, putting final nail in proverbial coffin. Asked for ketchup to dunk crappy fries in (have to eat something) never came. Just a tick-off kinda night. Thank goodness didnt have to pay for this crap. 
I just sat back, watched the dippy-shit crowds of people sipping their overpriced table wine and eating and enjoying their meals---must have really really low standards if you honestly like this place for food, especially if you come back.
Waited 2 hours for the patio for pretty much...nothing. Another one and done.One fact that hit me when I was in Vegas is that they simply do not have enough polished people to work the restaurants and hotels in the city.  When I was in Todd English's PUB there were a number of overweight unattractive middle aged men dressed in jeans and tight shirts and the hostess had a tramp stamp clearly visible on her lower back.

On Mon Ami Gabi, my waitress looked like someone more at home at a blue plate special diner than an upscale strip restaurant and the busboy clearly was an "amateur".   When someone in my party asked him what the Soup of the Day was he said, "I don't know, I am the busboy",...really good answer.

The place itself is nice and most people choose to dine al fresco as it is perhaps the best place to people watch on the Strip.  I ordered the Mac & Cheese which was a disappointment as it has no bread crumbs on top and the flavor was sorely lacking.  Not a bad place but not a great place....good for a one-time visit.Wow do not let the fancy and whimsical Parisian decor fool you. We were on a nice family trip for Christmas. We were seated outside since it was a nice day out. Once seated, my mother who was directly under the heat lamps was burning up to the point of discomfort and suffocation. When we requested our waiter to turn it down, he kept brushing us off mumbling he would see what he can do about it. Several minutes later we called out for another waiter and told him of the heat problem. He was frank and explained you can't turn down the heat unless you're going to turn them all down, as they're connected to 1 central switch. Immediately after, we caught our waiter watching us make the 2nd complaint. He was clearly unhappy that we made a 2nd complaint because he turned around and started snickering and talking to coworkers about us. We asked to sit at next empty table, to which he complied but sighed in exasperation. He did not even try to hide his annoyance!

The food came and everything was deep fried in tons of grease. We had waffles, eggs Benedict, and omelettes, and hashbrowns. Everything was deep fried so much so that every single 1 of us got sick after, with stomach ache, nausea, etc. 

Lastly, when the check arrived we saw that 18% group gratuity was already added. The extra 5th person in our group was my 4 yr old who did not order anything. We walked straight to who looked like an assistant Mgr and she took off the gratuity without any questions. While she was doing it, our rude waiter was hovering over her shoulder throwing up his hands and again, not even trying to hide his absolute dislike for us. 

The male server's name is Efrain. He was an absolute nightmare to be around. Maybe the stress and tension of it all was the kicker to all of our stomach aches.2nd time here. First time was all 5stars. Today, sadly a 1 with no desire to return. Our waiter asked if this was our first visit. Said no and that were back for the food and atmosphere,  he then snorted and "that's what they all say". Waited for our order to be taken.  Ignored when asked if we could at least have coffee. Food was okay. Asked 3 different waiters if we could have some jam and butter for our toast,  the fourth server finally delivered. Coffee and water not refilled. Waiter gives us our bill and hovers until we pay- the only time we received some type of attention. Wish we knew the waiters name.  Luckily for him, he was not wearing or gave his name. Not worth the price to be ignored.service was pretty ok, when we went. there was a bit of confusion with our orders they accidentally put our order in twice. and my friend asked for scissors and they kept bringing out caesar salads.

the food was decent, i had the salmon with lemon and thyme it was delicious but the portion was extremely small. my other friends had the sea scallops, portion wise it was small and unfilling. but she loved that the cauliflower was creamed and made to look like mashed potatoes. my other friends had salads that they said they could've made better on their own. 

it was also my friends birthdays and they got free cream puff desserts! this place really isn't that bad, just portions are small.Came here for brunch on labor day weekend... the wait was not too long but it looked really packed! love the patio seating, great seats for people watching especially in the blazing heat.... but hey get some mimosas to cool you down.... they had a bloody mary bar which i thought was really amazing...they give u a plain bloody mary and you can add all your garnishes with a variety of olives, celery, all kinds of hot sauce!  i ordered the open faced crab sandwich, escargot and jumbo shrimps....food was good... i'd come here just for the great seats and mimosas mainly though.Service and scenery were great. Food was bland and dry.
We had the chicken, brie, and apple crepes and salmon eggs benedict.
We won't be coming back.This is not the place to go for a meal if you are without a male companion.

They will either ignore you regardless of whether or not you have a reservation, or put in right next to the commotion of the kitchen.When a good friend of ours decided to have her birthday breakfast here, it was music to my ears because I think I'm one of the few who have never been to Mon Ami Gabi until now.  Our party of 13 met up at MAG this past Saturday at 9:00am.  We had reservations (definitely recommended) and were seated in one of the corner rooms with large windows and a great view of the Strip where we could people-watch during our meal.  Tourists are so entertaining!

-Corned Beef Hash and Eggs:  I am a fan of this dish for breakfast and MAG's version was good, but I could have used more corned beef.  The menu lists this dish as being served with poached eggs, but our waitress said I could have egg whites if so desired, and so I did.  It also comes with two pieces of toast and that bread was delicious with butter.  
-The b/f and I ordered a pain au chocolat to share, but disappointingly it came out with our food.  I guess I should have specified that we wanted it first so we'd have something to nosh on while we waited for the main course.  As it turned out, it was served cold; I guess I should have requested it warmed up, too.  It was ok, but I've had better.

Since this place is located right on the Strip, it was extremely busy, filled with large groups of tourists and several bachelorette party gals.  By the time we departed, the restaurant was packed to the gills with other people waiting to be seated.  Nevertheless, our big group experienced attentive service and our birthday girl got a free dessert with candle while we sang to her.  I enjoyed the ambiance of the place as well as the service.  I do want to come back and dine on the patio for dinner, which I've heard is the best way to go, so we'll be back someday soon.  For now, it's a solid three stars for my first time.This place is okay!  Had the skirt steak and was happy!  Best part is people watching while eating dinner on the patio.I read a bunch of reviews prior to going and was very excited. Was there this Memorial Day weekend. Saw several reviews how amazing the scallops are, and I am a seafood lover. The service was very slow, other reviewers have noted this too. So, don't go there unless you have some time to kill and not in a rush to get to a show. I ordered the scallops and it had a strange "oily" taste to it. I was very disappointed. 
We all shared some different fish and meat and seafood at our table and I felt the quality of the food was OK, not good, not great and not bad. Great view of Bellagio and nice atmosphere as long as it isn't too cold outside. I honestly don't see why it got such amazing rating.Overpriced food, it didn't taste that good. (Maybe because I was hungover) 
However- the view right in front of Bellagio fountain! That makes up for everything.Came here for weekday brunch. Ordered the salmon eggs benedict. The food literally came out in 5 minutes and it did taste like it was sitting in the warmer for a bit. The tomatoes I had were soft, which was probably due to the heat lamps. At first I thought it was spoiled tomatoes since they were soft. The benedict itself was plane and tiny. Kind of tasted like something I made at home. My fiance's meal came with fries that was cold and hard. LIke they were sitting out for while, which they probably were under a heat lamp. The only thing I liked about this place was the strawberry white grape and mint juice. Even the latte was lackluster and super tiny. Too overpriced for the quality of meal here.I enjoy coming here when I visit Vegas because if you are lucky you can watch the Bellagio fountains while you sit and eat a meal. This particular day was really hot and the sun was beating us down. So, we went here to have some lunch. Needless to say it was busy. The waiting staff was very accommodating to find us a seat that was under the shade facing the fountains. We were seated by a group of teenagers who asked if it was ok for them to spill into our table because they had so many people. We were fine with it but I appreciated the staff coming by and asking if we were being bothered. We ordered a sandwich and a salad both which were really good but again nothing that blew me away. I come here more for the experience then the food. I will say breakfast I think is much better then lunch.Ok I will start this off by saying, the location and coffee is great.  

I ordered three eggs that came with bacon, hash browns and ordered a croissant instead of toast.  I took 2 bites of my not even warm eggs and found a hair in my eggs.  The waitress asked how everything was, and I really never send anything back, but a hair in your food is gross.  I know this happens in the food industry but you would expect the meal to be taken off of your bill-especially when it's just breakfast!  The waitress apologized and was very attentive at filling my coffee while I waited for my meal to come out.  I have to complain about the bacon too, it was overcooked and was not a fan of the hash browns.  

I did not complain about them not taking the meal off my bill because I am on vacation and did not want to bother with arguing the fact that a hair in my food is disgusting, but I definitely will not be returning here!Lettuce Entertain You's Mon Ami Gabi is a triumphant disaster. In a town where service is of upmost importance, Mon Ami Gabi's waitstaff wouldn't be acceptable at a prison cafeteria. The coven that awaits you at the hostess desk is comprised of people who were rejected from even the local Denny's. The food quality is exceptionally poor and is surprising to find outside of a second rate Casino's buffet. The Filet Mignon Merlot was fatty and had almost a strange jelly like taste. The beef bourguignon was simply tragic with a mound of what was supposed to be egg noodles but could have been tape worms for all Monkey could tell in the poorly lit venue.  Mon Ami Gabi receives two stars as it has a decent view of the strip and respectable manager Kyle.  If you do choose Mon Ami Gabi, just simply order a bottle of wine and order the children's Mac n cheese and watch the strip without wasting time with the food that only the most unsophisticated tourist would find palatable.  Monkey wanted to enjoy Mon Ami Gabi since they have branches in Maryland and Virginia near Monkey's mom house.  Additionally Monkey wanted to be psyched about a trip to Paris but oh well c'est la vie.Met coworkers here for Sunday brunch on one of the rare fabulous day, where Vegas is actually not hot as he11 in the middle of Aug.  Thank the rains early this morning and the slightly overcast sky for the awesome 90F temperature.

Anyway, we were seated in the patio area facing the Fountain of Bellagio.  Unfortunately we were way too early for any of that signature spectacle, otherwise it would have been an memorable end to a fantastic casual breakfast with friends. But let's get down to the meat of the review.

The restaurant was not full inside when we arrived, and we were greeted by three friendly hostesses at the front desk.  The patio seating area was completely packed by 9am, so business was excellent.  Our waitress greeted us with a friendly smile, took our coffee order and proceeded to explain the specials of the day.  We ended up ordering a mushroom omlete, crepe-like stake of cinnamon pancakes (these were huge), and I ordered the special eggs benedict (served with roast beef and caramelized onions).

Overall, I wasn't impressed with the food and here are my reasons:
The Hollandaise Sauce for my eggs benedict was already starting to break when it was served.  The roast beef was way overcooked and there were very little of it tucked under the poached eggs.  The side of "breakfast potatoes" aka hash browns reminded me of Denny's.

The mushroom omelet was okay. It is nothing fancy, and you can probably get similar quality omelet at IHOP, but the view and ambiance is better here.

The crepe-like pancakes - these were nice and thin and fluffy. The flavor was excellent.  Worth it, since the food is delicious and more unique.

Service:  Excellent & friendly!  Our coffee cups were frequently refilled. Condiments we asked for to make the meal better were delivered in a timely manner.

Price: includes the Vegas Strip premium.

Suggestions: For breakfast, stick to the fruit or non-savory breakfast items, it appears to be better.  Or come for dinner and lunch since those offerings appears to look better.Maybe it was what I ordered but I just didnt really enjoy anything about the place. 
First we want outdoor seating so we get an hour wait, an hour goes by they encouraged us to wander off and come back, which we did. When we get back the staff lets us know that the wait had been less time than expected so we have to wait a bit longer. 
Once we get seated outside we ordered their pate, soup, and salad, with a french martini, and a Beaujolais red. All of it was just ok. For the price we paid I was expecting something a little more memorable but it was all just meh. 
I would rather save the money and go elsewhere in all honesty.I wanted to like this restaurant, I really did and in all honestly it wasn't their fault.  
Having sat on the patio in the direct sun which cooked us at a cool temp of 85 degrees we watched our butter slowly melt, our glasses of chardonnay boil, and out steak and fries turn grossly greasy.  
Make dinner plans for after the sun goes down and so you can enjoy a romantic view of the Bellagio fountains and chat about the fashion sense of the people walking by.  PS.  Don't forget to order the french onion soup.If your dining experience consists of a more diverse selectthan the Golden Corral, you'll be sorely disappointed.  What this restaurant has going for it is the view of the Bellagio and for me, the empty interior and packed patio suggests just that.  Shrimp cocktail wasn't properly deveined, nothing like a little crunch of dirt with your seafood.  Service was okay but no real knowledge about the food.   I find this to be more hype than a quality food experience and while the view was fantastic, I was hoping to have a couple more of my senses tantalized.  Viva Las Vegas.I've reviewed this before and I've been here right times.  I won't go back and I will stop recommending this place.  For many reasons.  

They charge 18% gratuity on parties of 5 or more.  We were six and the service was horrible.  She saw us twice. Once for order and once to give us the check.  No refills. No checking. Nothing.   We were going to tip 10% and to our amazement it was mandatory 18%.  I called the manager.  He came over and I told him the issue and to remove the 18%. Instead of apologizing, he put the blame back on us and said we should have asked for him.  Bottom line - we were blamed by the manager and the blame is put back on us. It shows issues not just by staff but by management. I said no and we would just walk out. He reluctantly removed the 18% and dropped the check back on our table. NO APOLOGY.  

The steak was overcooked for most of us. The mean was so so this time.  Its just a disappointment and there are tons of other options so I highly recommend if you are a party of 5 or more - be careful.  

The place is very dark too - hard to read menus and the chairs are wicker and uncomfortable- mostly to make the tables turn quicker.   It's obviously about the money there rather than service.  Go elsewhere.

I got the impression she was mad they sat a party of 6 at an 8 table.  We didn't want wine because we already drank and I thought she felt we weren't a big value table.  So figured she got 18% automatically and that was enough.  It wasn't crowded.  Amazed she never checked with us.   For a restaurant to make 18% mandatory for 5 or more shows they have service issues.   Usually it's 6 or 8.Attended a business dinner here with a group of 12, although the line was out the door and the restaurant was filled to near capacity we were seated immediately upon arriving in one of the side rooms to the left of the hostess station. Our server met us with a warm smile and went over a few of the night's specials. It was apparently that the staff was really being stretched as the simple menus were being distributed and the water glasses filled, our server very politely informed us she'd return shortly to get our drink orders. 

After about 10 minute as promised she returned and took our drink orders although we were wanting to order a selection of appetizers for the table to share she dashed off to enter our drink orders. Having been seated for a least 20 minutes our drinks arrived and she began taking the appetizer orders avoiding mentioning anything else referencing to placing our dinner orders although we had possession of the menus for at least 30 minutes and the first rounds of drinks were mostly expired. Now we all understood this was a informal business dinner and time wasn't really a concern except for a few that had rather be spending their time at the craps table or feeding the one arm bandits. The appetizers arrived and a second round of refreshments were ordered, after clearing the table of the seafood food selections and distribution of the recently order round of cocktails to the dismay of a few inpatient souls who seemed unimpressed with the evening  and felt the evening was slipping away we finally placed our entree orders. 

I will say the oysters were exceptional not only were they fresh and cleanly shucked with the shells still full of the natural liquor, they were sized nicely and delicious as well as plentiful. 

After more than a hour a half the entrees began arriving after and after being somewhat surprised at how inexpensive the dinner selections were I wasn't that surprised on the quality and in fact was a little disappointed to find such a popular venue didn't have a more upscale selection. I should of known during the orientation upon arriving I remembered it was stated that "the sirloin" was pointed out as their signature dish huh, along with their signature fries which I chose to pass on. I chose the filet with asparagus and a kale salad adorned with a soft poached egg, honestly the salad was amazing with its generous portion of shredded kale and fresh cooked bacon with a warm bacon dressing. The filet ordered medium rare came out well done and the asparagus was cold and tough. 

Although the venue was very nice with good service for the amount of customers being crammed in, the food was just okay considering the dinner went on for more than two and a half hours with time for only two cocktails to be served. Several of us chose to exit once the desserts were explained and our gracious host offered this as an option since it was getting rather late in the evening. With all the exceptional dinner choices available on the strip I would consider this restaurant again for breakfast or lunch or even for an afternoon drink with oysters appetizers but not for dinner.My husband and I had lunch here last week.  We were underwhelmed by the menu and ended up ordering the steak sandwich and a burger.  The food was nothing special, but the ambiance in the restaurant was nice.  We did not feel like waiting for a patio table, but I am sure they are lovely.  We were seated quickly in the rook next to the patio, which had plenty of natural light.  

It was by no means a memorable meal, but it was certainly not the worst meal we've ever had.  I'm not sure that we would return in future trips (mostly because there are SO many places to try in Vegas!)We went on Friday, 2/15/13.  Unfortunately, the highlight of the evening was the bar.  We had a short wait until our table was ready, so we had a drink.  The bartender was very friendly.

Once seated, I opted to start with the escargots and my wife went with the onion soup.  We were both pleased with our selections, good but not awe inspiring.

For the main course, I selected steak roquefort and my wife opted for beef short ribs.  The short ribs we very good, but the steak was mediocre at best.  It was stringy and tough.  I mentioned this to the server, and she told me, "that is the type of steak it is".  I wasn't expecting dry aged prime beef for my $25, but I wasn't expecting it to be on par with Applebees either.  

However, the real reason for the two star rating was dessert.  I abstained, but my wife choose the bananas foster.  The server smiled and went on her way, (important point later).  Shortly thereafter a plate was delivered to our table was somewhat resembled  a banana foster, but just somewhat.  My wife remained positive, only stating, "I guess its not flambe".  On her first bite she gave me a disgusted look and said it was cold, all of it was cold, including the sauce.  I tried the sauce and it was shocked.  It was a cold, thin caramel sauce.  No liqueur or rum and it wasn't even room temperature, but COLD.  UGH.

I stopped a manager and told him about the dessert.  He responded that that is how they prepare the dish and that it couldn't be 'warm', since it contained ice cream.  Really, even Dairy Queen can pull off a hot fudge sundae!?  I said that we've had the dish several times, but have never had it cold and most often is it prepared flambe.  He then went on to say that it was ILLEGAL to do tableside flambe in Las Vegas.  He asked if we remembered the MGM, (now Ballys) fire and said that the fire was caused by a tableside flambe and since then no Las Vegas restaurant can do it.  

WTF!?  This is a flat LIE.  The fire was caused by an electrical problem and exacerbated by construction that allowed the fire to travel rapidly through the ceiling before even being noticed.  My wife and I have have (and seen) tableside flambe at Las Vegas restaurants, so this too is a lie.

Needless to say, I didn't waste my time arguing with such a dishonest person.  I told him to take the dessert back, remove it from our tab and have the check delivered so we could settle up and leave. 

When she brought the bill, our server apologized that we weren't happy with our dessert and said, "this happens, people are used to it being prepared differently".  WHAT?!  Why didn't she advise us of this when we ordered the dish?  Very disappointing.Food high quality, but not particularly imaginative. Atmosphere mediocre unless you have a patio seat, which offers a great view of the Bellagio fountain. I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi for first time tourists, as it would be uber cool, but for seasoned tourists or locals there are better options for a spectacular meal.I had dinner here on Saturday night was some family members.  We waited about 45 minutes for a table on the terrace overlooking Las Vegas blvd.  This atmosphere was totally worth the wait for the people watching and it was a nice night--not too cold or hot.  Reminds me a lot of South Beach in Miami.

We started with the escargo, which while tender and fresh, the herb butter sauce wasn't that good.  Need to be more buttery--this is a French restaurant!  The Duck confit was much better--perfectly cooked and not to greasy for duck.

I had the Steak au Poivre.  The steak was really tender but I wished that the peppercorn sauce had more kick to it.  It was bland to my taste buds.  The accompanying fries were good, but not as flavorful as the truffle fires at Envy Steakhouse in the Renaissance hotel.  We enjoyed a nice bottle of cabernet with the meal.  We were too full for dessert.

So I would come here again for the atmosphere.Mon Ami Gabi sits right on the strip and you can either sit outside and people watch or inside and stay cool. I highly recommend the people watching section. I specifically came here for Saturday brunch to get the corned beef hash. I had really high hopes for it, but it just didn't do anything for me. They had huge chunks of dry and chewy corned beef barely mixed in with potatoes. The poached eggs were perfect, and the hash browns were crisp just the way I like it. I would still recommend this place because it sits right across the Bellagio Fountains and you get a great show.

www.anitaeat.comI thought this place was fine, it had its high points so I am ok with 3 stars.  The wild escargots in a good garlic parsley sauce was quite tasty, though nothing like the puff pastry version at Bouchon.  The fresh baguette and butter were ok, not nearly as good as Bardot.  My lamb had a good rustic flavor but was cooked medium well when I asked for medium. The chimichurri sauce was tasty but the ratatouille was bland and boring.  Mashed potatoes were ok, but they are not a pomme purée as stated.  Service was good, atmosphere fair.   I won't be back.Good French food, average service

Stopped into Mon Ami Gabi on a vacation to Vegas.  My wife and I thought it was superb 11 years ago and were happy to see they are still in business.  We both recalled how much we loved their French Onion Soup.

With some relatives coming down the street, I was disappointed by the young lady managing the hostess desk.  She wouldn't even say if or how long our wait was, "Unless your full party is here."  I could understand not being seated, but the rude tone and nonsensical retort that they can't even give you an estimate on wait time got things off to a poor start.  Then, we were seated immediately when our family members arrived.

The menu is simple enough and the food was good, but not great.  Salads were unremarkable.  The Fillet Mignon was very good.  And the final bill was about $205 for four adults, a toddler, and a baby.  Note: They put 18% gratuity on for themselves.

There were much better years ago.  And if there were better service, I would readily give them three stars.Come on yelpers. Dinner here tonight continues a maddening recent trend of flavorless, ill-prepared food from restaurants that had received great reviews in yelp.  If you have no palate, please stop reviewing restaurants. This pseudo French restaurant served dry roast duck passed off as confit, scallops that have been sliced in half and were likewise devoid of flavor and sides that served no purpose other than to confirm the kitchen's poor conception of flavor.Having Mon Ami Gabi bookmarked for awhile, I finally got the chance to come by during my company vacation last December. We didn't have reservations as I wanted to sit in the outdoor patio, which is served on a first come basis. We were told the wait would be roughly an hour, and were surprised to be seated after 20 or so minutes.

If you're planning to sit outdoors, be prepared for very tight and cramped seating. The patio is a popular choice and it's like the restaurant wanted to maximize the space and squeeze as many tables in there as possible. But the view of the Bellagio fountains slightly makes it all worth it. One extra star for the view.

I started off with their St. Germaine cocktail ($15), which was light, sweet and refreshing, and Onion Soup Gratin ($11), which was baked with Gruyere cheese. It was heavy and very flavorful, but I couldn't finish it since it was too salty. While my Eggs Benedict ($15) consisted of Canadian bacon, it was very standard and unmemorable. The rest of my party had the Grilled Salmon & Spinach Salad ($20) and Maine Lobster Roll ($18), which seemed to be fairly mediocre as well.

The service left a lot to be desired. Our server was very friendly and outgoing, but couldn't be found half the time. Maybe it was because it was busy, but we seemed to wait forever for everything, even small requests.

Not too sure if I'd come back, unless I'm in the mood for a bougie al fresco lunch with Bellagio fountain music playing in the background every 15-minutes. If you want decent food for the same price, you're better off at Grand Lux Café. If you want better food with a view and aren't on a budget, go to one of Bellagio's lakefront restaurants.

P.S. Who's Gabi?Not a bad place for breakfast/brunch in Vegas. Cute French decor and the servers were very friendly. The cost is a bit high, we paid $100 for breakfast for three people with a mimosa each. I enjoyed a breakfast crepe, but the quiche we also had was pretty dry. Worth a shot if you'd like a classier brunch on the strip.We've dined here before. Food always good. As others have said, there is usually a wait to be seated. Reservations highly recommended and if you want the patio, you'll have an additional wait. I'm dinging them on the rating because we were seated in the "atrium like room" between the patio and dining room proper. Wow, do they need noise baffles in that room. My wife and I could only converse by shouting and we were seated NEXT to each other. Upon being seated we considered just leaving. Should have, as my wife couldn't even finish her meal from the noise. Wish we had gone to Bouchon at the Venetian instead.Came here after a full day of travel/a show at the convention center. Just looking to get out of the hotel so came down here to have a quick bite. Had a seat by the window with a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. Service was terrible and my waitress was pretty snarky and rude. Had a nice glass of sancerre, and ordered the moules frites. The mussels were plump and tasty- not overcooked or chewy. The fresh baguette was perfect for dipping in the sauce and I pretty much ignored the TERRIBLE fries (and I'm not one to ignore fries). They were flat hard and tasted like they'd been prepared a week prior and sitting out on the counter since then. Bummer. The full order of mussels was way too much for me (wish the waitress had mentioned that its more than enough for two to share as a main course....) but I enjoyed it anyways. Of course it was overpriced but it was a large portion to be fair. Good place to stop if you want decent and easy food on the strip.I made a reservation using Opentable to save time.  There were 2 different lines when I got there but the lines moved fairly quick.  This is a popular restaurant for sure.

Ordered croque madame, corned beef has and cappuccino.

Croque madame: I only saw croque monsieur but asked for madame instead.  I think it's only $1 extra.  The food came pretty quick but it wasn't as good as I expected.  My fries are not seasoned evenly...some part is very salty.  I love its tiny pickles.
Corned beef hash: not bad and is definitely better than the croque madame.
Cappuccino ($4.95): the coffee is kinda good.

Complimentary warm baguette and butter but the baguette is just okay.    

Note to self: order bottle water because the water/glass smells fishy.

Friendly, polite and fast service. So unbelievably fast and that explains why my croque madame is so messy.  The floor inside the main dining room is kinda sticky.

3.5 stars!!

Mon Ami Gabi is kinda yummylicious!!I came here with my family and friends during our Vegas trip in July for my sister's birthday/getaway vacation. The restaurant was set in a romantic mood, but definitely a lot of tables around. We got seated right in front of Bellagio's water fountain inside, but unluckily, it started to rain so people outside have to kind of scoot the table in and ours were getting splashed by the umbrellas :[ 
I had one of the steak dish, it was cooked medium rare just like how I ordered, but it was a bit heavy on the salt. The meat was a bit chewy once it got cold, so I didnt really want to finish. The "fries" were different, it was interesting. I just wish i had some ketchup to have with it. 
It's a great view and romantic setting, but food was just so so. My cousin seemed to like her scallop dish a lot, but the soup of the day that we had was a cold soup. None of us liked it, we literally each tried a spoon of it and sent it back. I guess we're just not used to cold soup. 
Service took a bit long since it was pretty crowded. 
Did not get a chance to try their desserts, I wouldn't mind coming back one day to do so, just not for a full meal.4 stars for atmosphere and service. If you can get a table on the patio, you have a perfect view directly across from the Bellagio fountain. It's really pretty and romantic if you're into that sort of thing. 

I ordered some appetizers (which were great) and the cold seafood platter for two. I was disappointed in the dish. The lobster wasn't the best. Oysters were a major disappointment too. 

May return and try something different, but the other main dishes our friends ordered weren't much to write home about either.

I've heard they have amazing breakfast - would try that.If I could give zero stars, I would. Our waiter made this the most unpleasant dining experience. When we said we did not want to order drinks, his whole demeanor changed and he was extremely rude to us. We could not get out of there fast enough. If you like pretentious dining with a highly  negative attitude, please come here. If you want to have a pleasant dining experience, stay awayLes serveurs bidon ainsi que le pain.
The service is very bad and the bread always from yesterday.The food was decent but overall seemed a bit heavy. The ham and cheese crepe was heavy on the mustard and it sort of overpowered the dish. Same goes for the mussels which had a very heavy creamy butter sauce. The chicken and brie sandwich was very rich as well. Service and ambiance were fine for us. The staff were attentive and the food came out fast.
Ham and Cheese Crepe with Cornichons and Dijon Mustard Mussels Mariniere White Wine and herbs served with fries Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich, Caramelized Onions and Green AppleCheeseburger with Egg Maine Lobster Roll on Toasted Brioche Roll Frisee, Kale, and Warm Bacon Salad with Soft Poached EggWhat a load.  For the prices you pay in Vegas restaurants really need to season their got damn food.  I go everywhere based on Yelp reviews.  Everywhere. It seems that there are so many folks who are Elite that have less than 100 reviews & have been a member since less than a year ago.  Odd that. Their reviews are not reliable.  But to this unappetizing place.

I ordered the mushroom omelette.  Comes with potatoes and toast.  An omelette that had canned mushrooms and hardly any of cheese due to the water in the shrooms that was not steamed out before folding into the eggs.  No salt, no salt, no salt.  That is the running theme in Vegas.  No salt and no herbs and no flavor.  Eggs seemed to come out of a bottle as well.  The hashBrowns were of the Waffle House variety but flat as cornstarch.  Hard around the edges and mushier in the middle.  Portion sizes were poor.

I also ordered a side of date glazed bacon.  If you are looking for that savory sweet please pass on this.  It was good bacon but was hickory flavored.  The date title is a farce.  Service was good & water was plentiful.  But I've noticed in Vegas that everyone just stands around.  Watch where you are walking here. Tables are cluttered and staff are everywhere.Good people watching and consistently tasty food; nothing particularly special but they offer a well rounded meal. Average service, bonus points for affordable wine list.The view of the Bellagio is excelent. The food is good. A good option for lunch. To have dinner I would prefer other places.I am not familiar with the French restaurants, but I guess this place is ok. escargot could have been cooked better though.The complimentary bread and pickled beets were really yummy to start with.  But it would have been nice if we were offered seconds.  For dinner I had the barramundi fish special and my husband had the blue cheese steak.  The fish was nothing special, steak was pretty tasty.  Both meals really needed to have another side - I ordered the market veggies which came with a yummy broth. My DH had a salad.  We sat inside.  It was super crowded so not much of an atmosphere.  Our waiter was GREAT, especially considering how crazy busy it was tonight.  Even with no drinks the bill ended up being nearly $100.  Sorry, not worth it.  Should have gone to Outback for better food and half the price.I'll start off with the food is pretty good & reasonably priced. Why three stars? How busy it is. Now I'm down for waiting at a busy place as long as they manage their tables well & efficiently. HOWEVER I am NOT down for waiting when I made a freaking reservation. They have two lines when you walk up - patio seating, and everyone else. Yes, even if you have a reservation you're standing in a line to get checked in with people who have no reservations. 

We finally get in to check out and I ask if it's possible to get patio seating (yes my bad for forgetting to ask earlier) and I'm told it's a 90 minute wait for that. Even though when I walked by I saw several empty tables. Oh well, that's fine. As we're waiting (more waiting!) I hear them tell a walk up person it's a 30 minute wait for the patio. What in the hell is the point of a reservation when you can just walk up and wait less time!? At this point I'm ready to stomp out but I'm a) hungry and b) on a schedule to catch a show.

From there, service was fine. I got the hangar steak and it was pretty good, as were the fries. The price point was excellent for the strip as well. But after the crap service to start with, I can't go above three stars.The food was ok. I was expecting a much better piece of steak. We ordered the hanger steak and the classic steak. Both was alright but nothing to get excited about or wanting to come back for more. I definitely think they should substitute some of the fritas for steamed veggies. More than half of the plate was the fritas. The view was nice from the patio. Overall it was a nice experience but most likely I won't be coming back again for dinner.Centrally located, so it's a wonderful place to grab brunch and get your day started on the strip, which is exactly what we did when I brought my parents here.  

We had a reservation for 10:30 and I was a bit annoyed because I told them my name and for some reason the hostess kept coming over and loudly insisting "RICHARD?????" in my face.  Lady, I told you 3x my name is not Richard, your screaming the name in my face is not going to change that fact.  

Despite that, however, the service during our meal was very good.  Our server was Jose and he was very busy but quick and attentive.  We had coffee, a bellini and a mimosa and all were strong and delicious.  

I had the steak frites, my dad had the mushroom omelette and my mom had a breakfast croissant sandwich, and we all split the fruit bowl.  

Everything was quite good EXCEPT FOR MY STEAK FRITES.  It is double the price of the other breakfast entrees and the meat was tough and the fries were weird.  I spent most of my meal wishing I'd ordered something different.  

The decor and ambiance here are lovely and reminiscent of Thomas Keller's Bouchon.  I'll probably come back here for breakfast/brunch next time I'm in Vegas but I'll definitely be skipping the steak frites.Great location and prices. We went here for brunch, and was a bit underwhelmed. The food was just ordinary breakfast food for an inflated price. There are other more amazing places for cheaper, but it's good in a pinch.Over priced.
Food was good but not worth the $!
Wouldnt eat here again. Staff was quick and friendly... the food just wasn't worth the price.... go to circus circus if you want to spend this much on a good steak. Youll get better food!Our dinner was extremely disappointing. The jumbo crab cake was mushy and barely cooked,  the green salad had no flavor and we had to ask for balsamic vinegar and the steak with Dijon mustard was overpriced and extremely underwhelming. It was pounded thin and hasd very little flavor. Additionally they attempted to bring our entrée while we were still eating our appetizer. We were never asked how our food was, and it was terrible. The "French style" green beans we're simply steamed and also had no flavor. My boyfriend is French and said these was nothing in the realm of French style and he was very disappointed with dinner as well which is unfortunate since it was his birthday. He said this is nothing more than lunch Bistro food in France that would cost about 15 Eurod compared to their $30  for one entree . We were surprised to see such good reviews.We've started coming here for the last 3 years based on a friend's recommendations.  The first couple visits the filet mignon with Merlot butter sauce was to die for.  Every visit after the steak has come out with a large pat of cold Merlot butter on top that we've had to send back.  Either that is how it was always supposed to be or there is a new cook in the kitchen but for what I'm paying and to keep coming back here, I expect the sauce to be properly melted, not a cold stick of butter.  The waiter also couldn't have cared less when we pointed out and had to be told we wanted this fixed.  If you don't know how this dish should be prepared it's not a problem, if you've had it as it should be prepared, it is.  

That being said, we'll probably still come here just because out of towners want to come when visiting, but we will not be making reservations anymore on our own.Meh. Nothing really memorable. The steak was a little tough, my French onion soup was like salty water (where's the onion???), the fries were slightly stale, my Caesar salad was drenched with dressing... but the bread was hot and fresh! Not sure if it was an off night, but either way, our server was quick and made the transaction between 8 girls painless. The patio area where you can view the Bellagio fountains is a nice touch.I've had this spot bookmarked for YEEEARS!!
We were finally able to check it out last minute...

Frisee, Kale & Warm Bacon Salad.
French Toast.
Seafood Crepe.

Good food.
Great view out on the patio.
Excellent service.I have heard many people talk about Mon Ami for years. Finally got the chance to try it out on a non-busy week night.

Pros: We requested to sit outside on the patio and the view of the strip and Bellagio fountains was absolutely gorgeous. Food was okay, hit and miss.

Cons: Horrendous service. Our service was not friendly or pleasant and ridiculously inattentive. We asked the busser and other servers for help a half dozen times. Our entrees came only minutes after the apps, no one likes when that happens, I expect more consideration from a nice place. The food only so so. The shrimp cocktail was good, the oysters were not; they were enormous and sandy. The wild boar was soggy and bland.

Probably won't eat here again. I heard from a current server that things have been going downhill for a year due to poor management.Did not honor a 9:30 reservation for inside dining . No apology. Just take this buzzer and get lost. Dropped off their buzzer at 9:45. At BLT now and treated with respect. Hard to believe, but had better service I the real Paris.Brunch here is pretty good.  The weather was gorgeous and we got seated in the "indoor patio" area, where we're indoors but have wonderful views of the strip and the Bellagio watershow (my favorite!).  

Yayyyyy!  I wanted to be healthy and recover from the night before so I went for the Butter Lettuce and Honey Crisp Apple Salad.  I saw people from two other tables order it around us and figured it would be good.  It was actually pretty good.  The aged goat cheese was the perfect compliment to the beets and light dressing on the lettuce.  Although the serving was on the smaller side, I was still full with that and the bread.  

We shared pitchers of the sangria, which was pretty stiff, but had a lot of good fruity flavors.  The server was interesting (he pretty much shared his whole life story to us in 3 minutes), but it definitely didn't bother us.I'll start off with the good things...

First, I called ahead and made a reservation maybe 1 hour before we headed over. I had to call and push it back thanks to LV Blvd's crappy traffic and the people were very kind and changed it for us.  When we got there we circumvented a 1 hour wait thanks to the reservation and were seated promptly.

We started off with a warm olive jar and some warm bread which was amazing in my opinion (but I'm a huge olive buff so I think I enjoyed it more than my wife).

Now for the bad things...

They screwed up my wife's drink order and MY drink (the Frangria) was a funky version of the classic sangria which ironically I love.  How they butchered it is beyond me.

I ordered the 3 cheese plate with a side of garlic spinach since I saw some other guy recommend it on here.  Both...were...utter...crap.  The cheese plate was some $15 and included a tablespoon amount of Bluecheese, Brie, and some herb-laden cheese that I am unfamiliar with (oh btw, these are conclusions I've deduced, the waitress didn't bother to enlighten me to what the "chef's choice" actually was).  The spinach I had high hopes for and it failed me badly.  I personally love spinach, and i love garlic...but apparently the two together are a poor match.  It was barely edible w/out coupling it with bites of the steak that my poor wife offered me.

Bill ran over $100 for a place that was allegedly a "$$" restaurant.  I hate to say it but I wouldn't recommend Mon Ami Gabi to the casual or the curious.Maybe I am losing my mind, but I thought the breakfast menu here used to be a little more French. The breakfast offerings were hard to distinguish from an average slightly fussy brunch place in the Bay Area. Example: the French toast was called "french toast" and not "pain perdu", and there was nothing on the menu that reminded me of eating in Paris.

My omlette was just fine, though more American than French in style (big and fluffy), but my better half's crepes were so bad that she had to send them back. The server acknowledged that she did not like that dish, nor do many of their guests. I saw another guest's crepe go nearly uneaten as well. The coffee was so-so.

Service was a little slow at times, but server was happy to substitute another dish for said crepes. The atmosphere (al fresco on the strip) has always been the draw here, but the breakfast was unremarkable.My experience was soured by our first interaction with the management staff. The hostess was seating us at a table near the kitchen, which I specifically said I did not want in my reservation request, so I pointed to a table for two near the windows to the patio (which is what I had requested.) She said "sure" but began walking us in a different direction. The manager, who had been standing nearby and overheard my request, began repeatedly yelling a table number at the hostess, and when she didn't immediately respond, he clapped his hands in her face and rudely pointed her to the table I had requested. It was embarrassing for me as a guest to have the manager basically treat the hostess as if she were an animal (perhaps he clapped in her face because he didn't know her name, which is just as pathetic.) I told her "I'm sorry. That was not okay." She was almost in tears, as I'm sure she was humiliated as well.  I can only assume that this is his normal behavior, as I also saw him shoo a busser away from a table in a very degrading manner as well.  In the event that any upper management would like to educate this particular person on the proper treatment of his staff, I would identify him as a thin, taller man in his mid fifties, working on Wednesday, September 4th around 10:30 am. 
My star rating is not based on this experience, rather, it is based on the food. Our server, Ryan, was extremely prompt, knowledgeable, and friendly. Our meals were good, but nothing amazing. My husband had the French toast and I had the eggs Benedict. Neither entree was hot...just warm. My breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) were barely warm. I assume they would have remade the dishes had we said something, but I really didn't want to wait. The coffee was very weak...like coffee flavored water.
The highlight of the meal was definitely the bacon. (Thank you to Ryan for encouraging me to order it!) It was thick cut, glazed with date syrup(?) It was really good but would have been even better if it was hot!
The ambiance was very nice (view of Bellagio and the strip and it was light, bright and airy) which, I assume, is the reason this restaurant has gotten such high ratings everywhere.
Most of the reason we come to Las Vegas is to enjoy the food, and I would probably not come here again....I would much prefer Bouchon or the breakfast buffet at Caesars Palace.I was not impressed.  I visited the restaurant in a very hungover state and all I wanted was a good Bloody Mary and a greasy brekkie; my standards were pretty low.  Yet this managed to fail to meet even that bar.  The food and service were pretty lifeless and banal so really, why would anyone go?If you're visiting the strip, this restaurant has THE BEST LOCATION. It's perfect for catching the Bellagio fountain show, soaking up some nice fresh air, and people watching :) Food is pretty standard for the strip....good quality but over-priced. Good service!

I came here for brunch with some girlfriends, and I ordered the salmon eggs benedict. The egg was poached well and the hollandaise was light, but the english muffin was a little hard (like it had been sitting out for a while). My friends each ordered a crepe, which they said were tasty, and we shared a super delicious and creamy baked goat cheese appetizer.....drool! My only complaint about that was there wasn't enough bread for the cheese! haha

I've heard the steak & frites is good, so that's on the docket for next time!

*Tip: reservations are only for inside seating...if you want to snag a table outside on the patio, come early!I had high hopes of this spot... but it failed miserably after their treatment of my party and I...

Since I was still uber full from Aloha Kitchen late lunch meal... friend and I ended up meeting up with my boss and her husband here for dessert and drinks. 

I made a res to begin with and checking in was  a breeze... now the getting seated part was where it all went horrible.

My boss and her husband had dinner there that same night... literally 3 hours after...and before getting seated... we asked for the dessert/drinks menu. The hostess broke down...

Hostess: "uhm you can't have dessert only..."

Boss: "we had dinner here like hours ago... now we're back for dessert and we can't do that?"

Hostess: "uhm let me check (insert her clicking on her radio gadget while totally using her Valley like look and tone of voice...)

Friend: "If I get an entree, would that solve the issue?"

Hostess: "uhm... yah... yes..."

GREAT!

I looked over at the boss... fuming.

When our server finally came... he said it doesn't matter to him what we order as long as we're happy. Hmm... HE SHOULD BE THE HOST!

Folks, I understand policy is policy ... really I do. However, if the restaurant is dead... not much folks inside eating... why would you turn away 4 people who wants to dessert and drinks? Why not make money where you can?!

Anyway, the rest of the night was a blur. BLAH is more like it.

I had chocolate mousse with Parisian Sidecar. Both was EH. The sidecar was probably the most horrible sidecar I've ever had. The mixture itself didn't flow together! The mousse was bland. 

Overall... EH. The reviews do match up. It's a definite hit or miss... Just be prepared for the Valley (Kendra) looking hostess with their radio gadget... "UHM...yah..."

Thanks but no thanks.

PS: No Hanger One... No come back.Other than being right across the Fountains of Bellagio, I'm not quite sure what the hype is about this place. We came here for brunch during peak hour, but luckily had a reservation so ended up waiting only a few minutes. 

Our table ordered Bordelaise Steak Frites (with caramelized onion and red wine sauce); Chicken and Mushroom Crepe (with kale and brie); Seafood Crepe (with scallops, shrimp, peas and cream); Onion soup; and Eggs Benedict (with Canadian bacon and hollandaise sauce). 

The steak frites and onion soup were the best things we ordered. Steak frites came with a huge chunk of juicy steak and a side of crispy, salted fries. Onion soup was also a nice, big portion, but I can't say it stood out from other onion soups I've had. Can't speak for the chicken and mushroom crepe since I didn't get to try it, but everything else truthfully fell short of expectations. The seafood crepe not only lacked flavor, but also was too creamy and heavy for my taste. The large pieces of shrimp and scallops saved the dish, but overall, the crepe was just okay. Eggs benedict here is definitely not a stand-out dish, either. The muffin was too hard and I've definitely had better hollandaise sauce.The ambiance is awesome. The food was good but could have been better. We had the steak frites with the blue cheese. I will go back but next time I'll try brunch.Stopping in for a quick lunch on their patio is a great experience, and being so close to the bellagio fountains (across the street) it's easily one of the best dinner spots on the strip. 

Unfortunately the dish I had wasn't worth the value. 3 thinly sliced U10 scallops cut, paired with sauce and onions ended up being a nice light snack, but the price didn't really make sense for the portion size. Plating was nice, over top of rock salt, in 3 shell like stainless steal plates it made a nice appearance.  

Besides the food I wasn't too impressed with the beer section, though the wine selection was pretty extensive I opted for a DMV local brewery DFH  overpriced priced at $8 and served in a water class.... 

Outside of that the people watching, and experience is worth spending some time at this restaurants outdoor patio... 3 stars.I hope I just came here on an off night, or over 3000 Yelp reviewers have messed-up taste buds.

I trotted over here for dinner and had a reservation, so I was seated promptly near the big window with a very pretty view of the Bellagio fountains and the Cosmopolitan. The place was pretty busy and loud, which I liked!

Okay. The food here was so underwhelming.. and just plain bad. I am sorry to say. I guess this is better for brunch/lunch and not dinner?

Service: Maria was nice and attentive.

The bread: Cold, chewy, a bad sign.

The wine: We got the Pinot Noir. Which was a bad decision for me because I just don't like alcoholic drinks. My mom was okay with it. It was alcohol-y. UndertOHnes of alcohol and OHvertones of ick. But I am just immature.

The appetizer:

Escargot: Very meh and unspecial. Where was the flavor?? I felt like I was eating tenderized, flavor-less snails in a soup of sat fats.. which is what that was.

The entrees:

Seared scallops: Whaaaat?? The heck?? The scallops were sandy to the bite and had this disgusting bitter aftertaste. So disappointing. We had to slice off the tops and bottoms to try to avoid the bitter flavor. The sweet pumpkin cream and mushrooms under the scallops were tasty, though.

Steak au Poivre: Long, thin steak served next to a bunch of cut fries. I liked it, but it wasn't anything special! I could have made this meal, maybe even a tastier version of it, with some steaks and potatoes from Costco!

Too bad. I was hyped up for this place for reasons that have everything to do with Yelp, but this isn't the first time I have been disappointed by fake French food.

Also, I got really sick after eating here and took some CVS antacids. It was not a nice night afterwards. I think this place has a great location and view and potential, but the dinner choices disappointed me! It was so below basic.

I recommend looking elsewhere for a dining experience with focus on good food, because this isn't it. Eat somewhere else, even if it takes an extra cab ride.Been to this restaurant several times because of the  view.   This time 
arrived at 8pm and told there was a 2 hour  wait.  After waiting an hour , saw they were sitting people who arrived later with no reservations.  The hostess and manager were very disrespectful and condenscending. Decided to go elsewhere after 90 minutes. 2 other parties that were from other countries were also waiting over 2 hours also and were treated rudely. 

Maybe they play favorites with their friends.  I will not go there again.Food was great but the service was very bad. We requested to be moved to a better seat since there were a lot of seats available. We were told that they were in a wait which after 45 mins the seats remained vacant. Manager was very arrogant and rude.They should change the manager at this place ... We had kids with us and asked for better seating due to AC blowing at 400% ... They gave us a "better" spot after an EXTRA hour of wait and it was worse then before ...We likED this place so much that we invited ten of our friends to join us. Quality was sub par at best. Service was also less than spectacular. Not sure if we will give them another chance in August.For a night out in Vegas with friends this is a great choice. Our friends are locals and they insisted on taking us here. I was a little skeptic about the right-on-the-tourist-trap-strip location....but it proved to be a great place to hang out with friends.

The atmosphere was interesting and fun. It was buzzing with tourists, locals, people on dates, groups of friends, etc. Pretty much all types of people where here....dressed in jeans to fancy dresses. So whatever you wear you'll fit in just fine. However, if you're wearing heels watch your step....this place is dangerous with all it's cobblestone, super slick and random steps. 

Whatever you do, you MUST sit on the patio. It's right across the street from the Bellagio fountains...and a arms width away from the street performers and drunk tourists wobbling down the street trying to find their hotel. People watching and me go hand in hand....and  this place was top notch. 

We tried the smoked salmon and crab cake appetizers ....both were just how I expected they would be. So far I wasn't completely wowed. Our friends said they have eaten everything on the menu here and have come to the conclusion that the trout and filet mignon are the best. So they got those, the boyfriend got the filet mignon with a wine sauce and I had a filet with blue cheese reduction. 

Everything came with the traditional French crispy fries....frittes. I'd pass on these if I were you....try another side instead. The sauces were really great, the meat was just ok. I've had much better steaks at chains. 

The prices were pretty expensive, but you should expect that at a steak house on the strip. However, you're paying for the atmosphere and in that case I say it was worth it. 

The service was great. Everyone was very attentive. That is....until they brought the boyfriend something he didn't even order. After having to prove our case with the waiter, and him telling us it would be 30 mins to get the "correct" order out...he finally did it. I think he wanted us to just be like "oh ok...we'll just take this random food we didn't order, thanks anyway!" I was pretty shocked that he was so rude about his obvious mistake. Good thing it didn't really taker 30 mins to get his order....otherwise I'd be really mad. 

Other than the order mix-up, this place was fun to try out. We'll probably never go back, but will always remember the great time we had on the patio with great friends. Next time, we're going to make our local friends try something outside of their comfort zone. ;)The outdoor seating is really cute.  I ordered the BLT Benedict which was on special for breakfast.  It was okay.  The hollandaise sauce was so buttery, I guess its good there was a lot of saltiness.  The bacon was also good and crispy, I just wish I had more than one strip on each piece of muffin.  Also, my food was below room temperature.  Bfs food was served to him hot. The service was also okay, not really good like I expected or hoped for.  Oh well, maybe better luck next time!Absolutely horrible experience and I've been here many times.  I'm in Vegas by myself this weekend and wanted to come have a great lunch.  The hostess staff were HORRIBLE.  They asked if I wanted inside or out.  I said I would like inside.  First trek they took me outside, I asked to come back inside then they placed me at a little bistro table so small it wouldn't have even held a salad plate AND it was right next to the place where the staff had to pick up plates and silverware.  Screw you Mon Ami Gabi.  Just because I don't have a group of 10 doesn't me I'm a nobodyDon't go here for breakfast. Both mine and my husband's food was very greasy, cool, and not very tasty. I usually find it difficult to screw up breakfast, but this place found a way. The service was also slow. The $40 spent on some coffee and a few eggs was the worst $40 I spent in Vegas. I will not be back!!I'm sad to be giving this place only 3 stars because the food and drinks were AH-MAZING. I got the Croque Madame and shared oysters and mussels with my friends. Croque Madame was cooked excellently and the bechamel sauce drizzled on top was creamy and delicious. Mussels were very good as well and the portion was huge! Dip the bread they provide in the mussel sauce goes well together. 

Now for the reason for 3 stars. My friend got a Bloody Mary and saw a cockroach running across the make your own Bloody Mary bar. Not only is this unsanitary but also ruins your appetite by causing us to question the cleanliness of the restaurant. The manager did come by and apologize and offered dessert on the house so they definitely get points for service. However, still unacceptable to have little roaches running around in a nice Las Vegas restaurant :(Had a decent, affordable (for vegas)  dinner at Mon Ami Gabi. I had a craving for French Onion Soup (yes I know thats weird) which is why we came here. And their soup did not disappoint! It was cheesey, full flavored and amazing. I ordered the Steak Au Poivre avec Frites which was good, not as great as the soup but definitely still yummy. However the service was lacking. They took my soup away before I was done with it and without asking. I never received a steak knife even though I asked 3 times for one and my diet coke was never refilled which was also requested several times. Quel dommage!I planned dinner here with a group of 10 girls for my bachelorette party based on AMAZING experience and great quality food over the last years I've been going here. Unfortunately, this time was not as great and this rating is solely on this weekend's experience. 

Service was horrendous and that was probably b/c we got a crappy waitress. She was not around when we needed her to fill waters, ask for extra plates, and check up on us.  She was very pushy for us to order dessert and throughout the whole time did not really smile and was not friendly. 

While some people enjoyed their meals, one of my friends ordered salmon and though cooked correctly, the quality was not great.  In addition, I ordered my filet medium and it came out medium well and dried.  I found myself chewing on the steak when really it should melt in my mouth. 

I may come here again because this was the first time of 20 times that things did not fare well.  But, my next visit to Vegas, I will also consider seeking other steakhouse first.This is one of the first popular Yelp places I've been disappointed with. Hopefully the loud foul mouthed guy at the next table wasn't one of you. First you can't see the fountains across the street unless you can get a coveted patio table. And the inside is quite loud. Our server was nice but would disappear for long stretches. The tables were small and cleared too infrequently. As for the food, my husband and I both enjoyed our steaks. He had the hanger and I had the filet. He liked the pommes frites served on the side, while I would rather have had some other potato entree. They seemed like cheap filler for the plate to me. Skip the country pate (bland) and the cheese plate was uninteresting and the slices quite small. My son's French onion soup was presented beautifully but lacked the salty velvety texture of a good French onion. We had a few cocktails too. A standout was a good stout "french manhattan". Desserts were average as well. My favorite was my husband's profiteroles while the table liked the bananas foster. But I thought the crepes were gummy. Not a repeat!We come here every time we're in Vegas which is like 6 times a year and this is by far the worst time here! We usually always get the Croque Monsieur and this time it was bad. The server was not good at all he did nothing to make our visit good! I complained about my food and proceeded to argue with me. Also I ordered and blueberry and elderflower martinis which used to be on the menu it wasn't good. Very disappointed I'm not sure if we will come back based on the last visit!I just got done writing a letter to Harrah's customer service about how disappointed I was with the general service and appearance at The Paris this past weekend.  I'm hoping they take it to heart as I'd hate to see one of my favorite hotels go the way of The Sands, if you know what I mean.

Really, our dinner here is what put me over the edge.  I went over a couple of the other reviews and noticed a pattern...."I used to love coming here" or  "this time things were different".....I too, noticed an exceptional difference.  I will say that I like the food here, I LOVE the view and I have had excellent service before, so, I know it can be done.  But, beware if you get server "77".  Yep.  Her name tag says, "77".  Trying to be polite, we did ask her for her name, but she seemed pretty annoyed to give it to us.  In fact, she just seemed annoyed.  She left 4 completely lighthearted people who were having a wonderful trip with a bad taste in our mouths.  

Good thing for the Goat Cheese appetizer and mussels.  Only thing worth the taste this time around.After a pre-Christmas trip to Vegas, my mom and I made our usual pilgrimage to Mon Ami for lunch. The ambiance is still the same, great views of the strip and the people walking by (who needs to pay $75 for a show when you can see a guy dressed like a knock off Woody the Cowboy walk by?).  I have to say, I was kind of disappointed on this trip. I ordered my usual Croque Monsieur and when it came out, it was about half the size it used to be. Not only that, but it tasted completely different. They added another piece of bread to the top of it which is kind of unnecessary but I went with it. Something about the sauce was totally off too. It tasty grainy and bland...nothing like it usually tastes. The service was meh too. I hope on my next annual trip I'll have a better review and that I just hit them on a bad day cause this really has been one of my Vegas staples for a long time.Tbh the one star I give is probably one star too much. We made a reservation and still had to wait an hour even though people that turned up way later got in within 10 minutes, don't however mention it to the extremely rude staff who's reaction is that if you don't like it go elsewhere. That set the tone and tbh the food was average, not poor but nothing special and certainly not worth the wait. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas now, do yourself a favour and go elsewhere.Disappointed in the service, ambiance, & food. Truly had this bookmarked for quite sometime and our lunch visit was mediocre at best. I ordered the mussels with the frites which were all little pieces like the last bit if fries under the heat lamps. 

The pate lacked flavor and the salad was at best 1 star under Cheesecake Factory but as a smaller portion. 

Group of 6+ had auto gratuity so our service level reflected the mediocrity to mirror the food. Wish we ate at Blue Ribbon Sushi as a repeat instead of trying this place.We went here 3 times while we were in Vegas in January.

The first time my husband ordered over medium eggs. They were not good. The yolks were so done that there was no liquid. They remade them and they were ok. 

The second time was for dinner. The steak was amazing and wine was wonderful. Our waiter was great. You could see the fountain show from across the street. Very romantic.

The third time was for breakfast. I had eggs benedict. They were very good. The problem came when the man went to take my plate and hit it off my water. The water fell into my lap. My pants were soaking wet. Very very wet. Vegas is huge and so now you have to walk who knows how long soaked. The man apologized but that was it. I know the manager saw but never said a word. I think he could have at least came over to apologize. It was very cold in Vegas in January and now I have to walk outside with my entire lap soaking wet. I just think it was bad on their part.The food was excellent, the service was friendly, but lacked attention and was super slow pace, because of that it's 3 or 3 1/2 stars not 4.   We made reservations on open table, but got to Paris early and saw patio seating only had 35 min wait so we switched.    I ordered the French martini and it was fantastic, although it took 25 mins to come.   I had the cream cheese app, and it was delicious,   They had 2 warm cheese app choices and the server helped me decide.  But I bet they are both great.   
 
For lunch I had the tomato salad and the onion soup.   One of the best onion soups I've had.  
We enjoyed the patio, but many tables and us had to beg for the umbrellas to be raised to find some relief from afternoon sun.   At first we all were told no, but then they accommodated everyone.   Yay!  Mon Ami was recommended to us by a couple of locals,   It had a great setting inside or out.   Must have reservations and some time for a relaxed meal.   For lunch for 2, we were there 2 hours (app, I had salad and soup and hubby a burger)I ate dinner at Mon Ami Gabi, the shrimp cocktail was not clean.  They brought another one it was very salty as well.  The food not great.  I have eaten there for lunch as well in past years lunch is fine the salads are good.  If you have the extra money to spend the best Steakhouse on the strip in my opinion is PRIME in the Bellagio.The food was delicious. The view of Belagio fountain from the patio was great. Unfortunately the service and overall friendliness of the staff was highly disappointing. I am a local and as my first experience at Mona Mi Gabi I know I will not go back. I couldn't imagine how a tourist feels and how it would deter them from returning. 
I asked my server a question about wine and I received attitude. I have never been there before and being unfamiliar with their wine menu and selection I wasn't expecting the harsh attitude like "I should have known better" that I received.Busy, busy, noisy!  And the Endive Salad with bleu cheese with poached pear was HORRIBLE!  The endive leaves were tough and bitter, the bleu cheese was a solid, cold slab, and the minuscule poached pear must have come from a can!   
The Mussels were lovely but the frites were overcooked and very, very crunchy! Last time I go there!!It is my tradition to end every Vegas trip with brunch at Mon Ami Gabi.  This restaurant provides for a classy ambiance and and unbeatable view of the Strip and the Belliago water fountains, if you can get a table in the front area.  Their fresh baguettes are also quite a treat and my last visit was no exception.  

It is also my tradition to order the prime steak sandwich.  $18 for a sandwich is not cheap but it was always justified here -- until this past visit.  I will say I was quite disappointed.  They were not the juicy, medium rare, fresh off the grill steak strips I got in the past.  It tasted like a warm beef sandwich you could order at any hot deli.  Certainly not $18 worth and not what I expect from Mon Ami Gabi.  On the other hand, my wife got the Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich was was surprisingly tasty.  The spread was just off the hook.  An entirely disappointing experience was luckily spared by my wife selflessly trading half her sandwich for mine.  I may still keep my Mon Ami Gabi tradition but try something different on the menu next time.Lobster Roll was great. Try their French Onion Soup. I need to go back and experience more of the food. The seating was pretty good. Service was great.