Very chic. Although, the menu items doesnt SCREAM French cuisine. Most foods looks like you can get at any American place.

The food is awesome though. One of the few places I actually come out satisfied. I ordered the Smoked salmon platter. I enjoyed it. I enjoy simple foods. My plate had shreds of salmon, a pile of capers (I LOVE CAPERS) and a gallop of cream cheese. You also had a choice of an everything or plain bagel. I put everything together and it was simply delish.

Service is super proper, like they were brainwashed. Not at all casual. Not that it hurts the business but it looks like they need to relax. 

Pricing is alright. My uncle and I sat outside during high noon and the sun was just right on top of us. I didnt mind, I had sunglasses but I DO absolutely love the view of the Bellagio and caught one of their water fountain shows.Cute french bistro with great service. I came on a Sunday morning without reservations. I appreciate how they have separate lines for indoor/outdoor dining options. Obviously, on a nice day, the outdoor dining line is longer. We were pretty much seated right away with the indoor line and ended up sitting near a door, which was cool so we got the best of both worlds.

Breakfast/brunch has lots of options. I ordered a ham and cheese crepe which really hit the spot. Everything about it was tasty: savory ham, melted cheese that wasn't too runny. I also added an egg to it so it was over easy that the yolk ran over the crepe like a sauce. Delicious and filling. 

On a side note, there's a self-serve bloody mary bar with lots of options. I think this was the first time I saw a pepperoni stick or jerky thing that you could add. I didn't have any, but it sounded like my friends were happy with their bloody marys. 

I would definitely come back if in the area and looking for a good place to eat.The food is very good, the prices fair and the atmosphere can't be beat!  The staff is friendly and efficient.  My personal fave is the Florentine Benedict.  This is a go to spot for us every time we are in Vegas!
Tip: Use Open Table to reserve your table before walking over!One of my favorite go-to brunch spots on the Las Vegas Strip. Plenty of scenic views from right out front of the Paris LV Hotel. 

A very deep, diverse, and enjoyable menu for breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner. 

We always have great service here, and on this occasion Derrick did not disappoint. The line can get SUPER LONG, and especially on weekends and holidays. We made a reservation via phone while we were walking towards the Paris, and the hostess was super nice, we went right up to the check in stand, and were seated in less than 3 minutes while a line of 200 people waited. Sweet!

Had a nice table, a great server who despite it being almost 11am allowed us to order off the full breakfast menu.

I had a personal favorite, the Smoked Salmon Benedict. I also added a side of brioche toast and it is sinfully sweet bread with the best sweet butter and jam. If you're gonna sin in Vegas...eat this!!

My gf got a ham and cheese crepe with fired potatoes and fruit. 

All requests were honored by our server and handled with ease. The food came out super fast, and it was TOP NOTCH.

A tasty, delightful breakfast, without waiting for under $50 in Vegas!!!! YES!!!!

Paris is well situated center-strip so when you're done fueling up, the sky is truly the limit...quick walks to whatever you want to do, see, and buy!! I love Mon Ami...usually breakfast there at least once every trip to Vegas (which is usually 4x a year or more), and I cannot rave enough about the service and convenience. 

MAKE A RESERVATION...!!

ENJOY!Simply amazing steak and frites. Got the blue cheese butter. All I can say is wow. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Also tried the Mac and cheese which was great. Guy next to me had the French onion soup and it was huge. The table bread was great and plenty of it.The scallops were amazing. So was the filet mignon. Best place on the strip for a reasonable rate. p.s. The wait staff is amazing and very knowledgeable! A must in Las Vegas!Oui oui, I am a fan. Lunch reservations at Mon Ami Gabi with an excellent seating area, we were in between the outdoor and indoor area (near the bar) with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio Water show. Quite hungover and sleepy, I was still able to enjoy the lunch. Started with fresh warm baguette and butter. I chose the warm chicken and brie sandwich. It was amazing, the apple slices add a fresh crunch and sweetness to the sandwich. I sampled one of my friend's onion soup which was AMAZING! 

If ever I am back in Vegas, I'd love to come and try this restaurant again.This had to be one of the highlights of our trip. We decided to spend our first morning in Vegas enjoying an amazing breakfast, and we found it. 

My girlfriend ordered 3 sunnyside eggs and bacon and a fruit salad, I ordered the Eggs Benedict special. It was so good it was actually ridiculous. They had it for us in just minutes and only $10 a plate! 

The best part was sitting out on the patio infront of the Eiffel tower on a nice sunny morning. 

If you're going to Vegas, come here for breakfast! Just do it!Ate here 2 times during recent stay at Paris. It was nice to have a "home" pub that we could go to with good food. Its a little pricey but what do you expect in LV. Seating was bit tight, Maybe not squeeze so many in here. Had the Hanger Steak that was outstanding. This was big enough for 2 people. Could easily split this one. Breakfast was good. Eggs Benedict special was excellent, Ham and Cheese crepe nothing special but OK.
We would definitely come back and recommend. Try to get seating in glass area around the bar if you cannot get on the patio outside.*** Wow, that cheese plate was friggin' good! ***

Yup, I went to a steakhouse and ordered a three cheese
plate and a side of garlic spinach.  The guys called me gay.
Did I care?  Hell naw, I was in a pure gastronomical moment ...
a blue cheese, silky cow milk and a Humbolt cheese were perfect.
Add nuts, dry fruit and honey ... this cheese plate ($16) totally rocked.

The garlic spinach ($7) was tender, not overcooked and quite tasty.
The baguette and raisin toast were also warm, fresh and delectable.

*** If all restaurants served sides like this, I could be vegetarian. ***Gotta hand it to them.. They get packed but can handle the crowd.  The food is excellent and so is the service.  We even sat outside and the heat lamps were sufficient enough for our party of 7.$16 steak sandwich is really hard to beat. Lots of meat, gloriously prepared.

Vegetarian targine is a complete crock of crud though.I have dined at Mon Ami many many times,. I have to say that the BEST filet I enjoyed  on Sunday Dec. 9th! Mussels delicious.. Enjoyed the chocolate tart w carmel I cream.. BUT where is the bread pudding..?Great bang for the buck in Vegas. Worth a visit if you are looking for a nice eatery without breaking the bank and getting your money's worth. 

Escargots - Sauce tasted great, reminded me of muscles. 

Frisee, Kale & Warm Bacon Salad with soft-poached egg - AWESOME. Not sure why I haven't seen poached egg used a salad dressing until now, but wow. 

Steak and Fries - Steak is flattened like a flank and tastes great. Get it medium to medium rare since the steak is so thin. Tasted even better 3 hours later, cold. Fries are super crispy and tasty. 

Lamb Burger - It was a special and it was great as well. Funny thing is though, the burger tasted even better the next day for some left overs. 

Go Go Go!!! It is worth your time if you are looking to drop some money (not too much) and want some refinement. 

Oh yea, service was awesome. Some of the best we've seen anywhere.Big Steaks! Get it with the fries. Nice decor. Gets packed. Make reservations and you can go ahead of the line. Best way.In vegas inside the Parisian.  We were a little bit disappointed because we were expecting a great meal.  The meal was good but not great.  The service was average, but the environment was very nice.  The views are nice since you are across the street from the Belagio fountains.Great place for a date, sit out on the patio for the view of the Bellagio fountains, this place is a true gem.I ate here this past weekend, was extremely delicious. I ordered the smoked salmon I believe & my oh my was it DELICIOUS. I forgot the waitresses name but it was the blonde older lady and her name started with a C. She was so nice & made the experience delightful. She explained the foods, didn't bother us, and was just so darn nice! I'm rating 4 stars because when my family and I first arrived, my cousins and I had gone to use the restroom. While we were in the restroom, the rest of my family were already being called to be seated. Normally this is never an issue at ANY restaraunt I have gone too, but maybe this restaraunt is bougie enough to make a big deal out of it. My cousin calls us and tells us to hurry so we rush over. As I'm walking in, 2 hostess' (both young ladies with black hair) were saying "why would you come to a restaraunt if the whole party isn't here" and throwing unnecessary comments around. I normally would've said something but I wasn't informed on the drama until I sat down with my family. That's when they told me that the ladies were causing an issue because a few of us were in the restroom and even tried testing my aunt saying "do you even know where the restroom is?" That's when I remembered the ladies talking. We spoke to the manager about it and she didn't do anything. I wish I would've got the young girls' name because this is a tourist spot. It was my first time but my aunt goes a lot. If it weren't for the good food and great service from our waitress, I would leave 1 star because those ladies from the start made us feel less than what we were.Wandered in for steak and eggs and was not disappointed. I was met with a awesome host who seat me outside under a space heater across from the Hotel.  A huge flank steak with perfect eggs and the most delish toasted baggette. Well worth the $40!Started out with goat cheese with some garlic bread.  Then shared a few plates :

The steak and frites 
The lobster roll 
The scallops 


Long story short the steak and lobster were amazing the scallops were bit cold and slimy but they are scallops and that's how it comes. Service was good a bit pricey but it's Vegas get with the program.Best place in Vegas for breakfast.  Amazing view of the fountains, outside patio with mists and a nice breakfast selection.   My honey got the steak and eggs and didn't speak until he was done...enough said.   I had the corn beef hash and it was nicely prepared but I honestly got full on the toast.   The bread was soooo good, with the lightly salted butter and this jam, oh my!    They make a decent bloody mary but could had used a bit more kick and a lot more salad on top.    This place is also priced well with adequate portions.

6 stars for service...our waitress was a sweetheart and although we showed up well past the breakfast hour, she put in a late order for us.beautiful view if u sit out in the patio!!! 
food is good but I wouldnt say top notch.  

we ordered a bunch of things on the menu and shared.  

a few different types of steaks - some
were more on the salty side, some more on the bland side.  one of the steak was still pretty rare on some parts when we had asked for medium.

scallops -- not too shabby

seafood platter - on the fresh side.  but nothing special in particular with sauces or anything.  

escargot -- very good.  

mushroom appetizer with creme cheese ? (forgot the name) -- very nice flavors 

our server was very friendly, offered the newly weds couple of champagne.  

i say if you go here just make sureeeee to get that patio seating for your fountain view.  end of the day i think thats what made my experience more enjoyable.I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. We stayed at The Paris and didn't want to treck anywhere far for breakfast.  

Service - Stellar.

Reservations - The place was packed at 10 am.  However, most people were waiting for a table on the patio.  If you want to sit inside, the wait was almost nonexistent. 

Food - Very good.
1. Crepe Special - The crepe was your normal spongy and mushy mess.  It had charred crispy edges with a semi soft thin middle.  Served with fresh whipped cream and poached vanilla pears. 
2. Short Rib Benedict Special - Almost perfect.  Not overly rich or decadent.  It just needed some acidity to give it another dimension.This is my go-to nice dinner out on the Strip when I'm in Vegas. 

I always get the filet mignon with merlot butter. It is so fantastic and incredibly tender... I make sure to inhale every last drop. You cannot go wrong ordering this dish. Highly recommend. I'm not a big fan of their fries (which come standard), they are basically like flattened normal fries. I'll try something different next time. 

 We've also gotten the pate each time as an appetizer and that was also excellent. This time we also tried the goat cheese and although it was good, I probably would try something different instead.

One of my dining companions and I wanted to order a bottle of red wine, and when we picked a Malbec off the menu, the waitress suggested a malbec not on the menu for a bit cheaper, which is I appreciated.

Total for my portion of the meal (split apps, steak, and split wine) plus tip was $89. The price makes me super happy, especially if you've ever tried checking out the menu at oh, say, CUT or any other steakhouse on the strip. 

I made a reservation via Open Table which is only for inside seating. Since the weather was so nice we wanted to sit outside that night and maybe we were lucky, but they were able to take us immediately- at the reservation time- anyway. 

Service here has never been perfect. Maybe we waited a little too long for our check or to get orders taken, but food delivery and water filling was always fine.  

Overall I know I can't go wrong with Mon Ami Gabi and always suggest it to friends going to Vegas.The best little bistro on the strip.  Great views of the Bellagio fountain if you sit outside.  I say "if" because one trip it rained and we had to sit indoors.  Who knew that it rained in Vegas?

Breakfast, Breakfast, Breakfast.  This is what you do here.  They have an amazing breakfast.  French-inspired.  Get the Eggs Benedict.  I go au naturale and get the style with the Canadian ham, but one trip they had it with smoked salmon.  I am not sure if this is a permanent item, but it was damn good.  Also, grab a Blood Mary.  

Imagine snacking on perfectly poached eggs resting on top of grilled Canadian ham and piggy-backing on an English muffin.  Now imagine the Bellagio Fountains go off as you take a sip of your Bloody Mary.  

Lunch and Dinner are great too and you will see more fountain action during this time, but it may be difficult to get a table outside.  Also, you will have to tolerate the transformers, batman, porn slappers, and other craziness on the strip.....because you are right there in the thick of it.

I say you reserve this as a place for breakfast.  They deliver with taste and price.Love this place, food is delicious.. had breakfast and dinner. Beautiful view and great service.Thanks to Yelpers for helping three generations of Foodies find our way here for Sunday Brunch. Great food, OK (yet friendly) service, lively atmosphere. 

Rather than wait 20-30 minutes for a patio table, we opted for immediate indoor seating - it landed us "just" inside but practically outside. It's a pretty, "french-y" decor with nicely presented and tasty fare: mushroom/brie omelet, asparagus/ham quiche, strawberry w/whipped cream topped waffles; wonderful strong coffee and fresh-squeezed OJ.

A good value for good food.First time I came here, I didn't like this place at all but that was when I ordered something totally wrong--a cheeseburger.  I came back again and fell in love. 

Mon Ami Gabi is located inside Paris hotel but their outside patio is right on the strip.  They are always busy so try to come at off times if you're planning to dine here for lunch or dinner.  I've only been here for lunch on the weekends but I'd definitely recommend this spot to anyone who's never been.

My boyfriend and I shared:
Onion Soup Au Gratin & Prime Steak Sandwich upon recommendation.

They also give you bread and butter to start off with which is always a plus in my book.
I also noticed they had a Bloody Mary Bar in the middle of the restaurant that I thought was interesting.  If I was a bigger Bloody Mary fan I would've been down to try it but perhaps next time.

The Onion Soup Au Gratin was a lot bigger than expected and boy was I glad!  Definitely one of the top French Onion soups I've ever had--the soup had a savory flavor with onions, bread and tons of melted cheese.  The warm bread they bring out to you while you wait, also pairs well with this soup.  Must get!

The Prime Steak Sandwich was amaaaaaazing.  I was so happy I went with this recommendation as it did not disappoint one bit! We asked for our steak to be medium rare and it came out with peppercorn mayo and tons of carmelized onions.  Everything complemented each other and each bite was better than the first.  The steak was so tender and juicy... and the buns they used were warm and soft.  The sandwich also came out with fries too which were good but nothing special.  I actually prefer my fries to be a bit more crispier.  

The service was excellent and there isn't really anything to complain about except I do wish the tables were a bit further apart from each other.  Maybe it's just me but it feels like all the tables are closely set to each other and a bit crammed.  The prices are a bit steep but then again, it is Vegas so it's expected.  I'd definitely recommend this place for lunch.I have eaten here probably 5-6 times and it never disappoints. I love the Eggs Benedict as it is usually my go to dish when I come here. It's very rich and filling and is one my favorite breakfast dishes anywhere. They do a great job making it and the hollandaise sauce they serve  with it is great. 

If you go here during the summer sit inside, but anytime other then that, sit outside if possible. Its a great view of the strip and its like a mini Paris scenery. 

The service here is always good and overall is a very nice establishment.I wanted to try something different that I can't get at home, and heard great reviews on Yelp. The waitress was super nice and friendly. She even gave us recommendations on cool things to do away from the strip. I ordered the seafood crepe and it was amazing! Doesn't look like much but it's so flavorful. The shrimp and scallops are pretty big too.I really liked this place, but one of the managers was extremely rude!

Today was our last day in Vegas and we wanted to have some breakfast with a view. The view of the strip from this restaurant is unbeatable! Loved it!

--Smoked Salmon Plate - Really good, it came with capers, eggs, onion, cream cheese, and an everything bagel. Perfect portion size. Priced a little high at $16.99 but hey, so is everything else on the strip.

--Fruit Bowl - my husband got this as he was a little hungover but he loved it! It came with a little bit of yogurt too and the price was great, only 8 bucks.

- Complaint about the manager - right when we arrived at the restaurant, she came up with this extremely rude tone and asked if my dog was a service animal (he has a clearly visible vest on saying so). We said yes he was and she laughed and said "OK, what service does he provide for you then?" ... It is actually illegal for her to ask that question but she was going to force us to leave and I didn't feel like dealing with security or any drama at the end of my trip so I have her the info. Without saying thank you she just laughed again and said "fine but keep him off the seats and he cannot eat food." We obviously know this as we have trained him and complied with all rules at every other restaurant. First time ever I was treated this way and I wish I knew what her name was so I could report it to upper management, but the rest of the staff were extremely helpful and nice and I will not review my entire experience as bad because of one bad apple.

We will be back, and hope that manager is not there :)I had a birthday brunch here and it was to die for.  The service was incredible.  The restaurant itself was like a scene straight out of France, I guess you couldn't expect anything less, right?  It is just exquisite how they decorated and placed everything so strategically.  They really put in effort to pay extreme attention to detail.  Everything tasted delicious, I had a strawberry French toast-the greatest!!  I was very pleased with my experience.Je t'aime Mon Ami Gabi! I don't know what it is about this restaurant that makes me feel like I'm on vacation no matter what! No matter if I'm home in Chicago or visiting Vegas. For me, Mon Ami Gabi is a vacation franchise that's always a must on my list! 

After getting three hours of sleep from being out all night and living up Vegas, my guest and I could not wait to throw on some fresh clothes, and head out the door looking like a pair of cute scumbags (scumbags bc we were too hungry to shower lol)! By 10am on a Saturday, the restaurant was packed! Only patio seating was available so we quickly got seated next to all of the lovely red umbrellas. As I sat down, I couldn't believe my eyes! This was my first introduction to the fountains at the Bellagio. I've eaten at authentic cafés in the real Paris, France, and though the food at Mon Ami Gabi isn't authentic French food, the ambience and view in Vegas tops any street cafe experience I've ever had in France! The Bellagio fountains are truly that spectacular. 

To start we had 
BAKED GOAT CHEESE 
Tomato sauce, warm herb garlic bread 

Entres were 
WARM CHICKEN & BRI SANDWICH 
Caramelized onions, green apple 

CUBANO
Mojo-marinated roasted pork, ham, Swiss cheese, pickles, dijon mustard. 

I found myself putting the baked goat cheese on every bite of my Cubano to intensify with a rich and creamy flavor! I took a bite of the chicken sandwich and thought it was just, ok. Def go for the Cubano! They also make a delicious black licorice flavored absinthe and champaign garnished with a black berry for about $15 a flute. 

By the end of the meal, I was melting. Felt like nearly 100 degrees outside. It was time to part ways and take shelter from the sun! The tab for two can range from $50-$60. 

Mon Ami Gabi is a Vegas Go-ers must! Don't miss out on this french motif gem!Absolutely fantastic!  Be sure and make a reservation though, the wait will be long on the weekends.  We split the pitcher of red sangria, which was really good, springs of rosemary and huge pieces of fruit.  They bring out a bagutte and butter to start.  I ordered a classic quiche with bacon, jarlsberg cheese, caramelized onions.  it came with a small side salad and the quiche was so rich!  The flavors just blended well together.  He got the brunch special that day which was an open faced sandwich with cheese, bacon and dates, another winner.  The dates didn't overpower the dish. The waitress were great, so helpful and friendly.  This is one of my favorite brunches in Vegas and will definitively go again!The blueberry french toast is incredible, and the baguettes with jam and butter that start every meal are a treat.Was looking forward to coming here after all the raving reviews. 6000+ reviews, 4 stars. You know shit is bound to be extraodinary!

I feel fancy af just saying the name of this restaurant lol. Highly suggest dining in the outside area where you get a nice view of the bellagio.

Their complimentary bread tasted fiiiire, felt like i shouldve paid them for it haha thats how bomb it was. I ordered the steak&frites mm mm mm! Wine sauce with the caramelized onions. Tasted like jessica alba in every bite lol.

The downside - my girl had their special of the day. Some "seabass" dish that she wasnt feeling so she ate some of mine :( #EffSharingThe lunch menu is one of the best ice had. Dinner is more expensive. But if you're looking for a nice place to have diner in a patio that's very nice and in the middle of the strip this is perfect. The service is reall good. Try the wine.One of my favorite breaky spots on the strip - everything on the breakfast menu is delicious and pairs nicely with a mimosa. 
The lunch and dinner menu are very tasty as well but a little too rich for my taste- lot of heavy creams and sauces.
The outdoor dining is perfect as long as it's fall/spring (during the summer I'd only be out there in the morning/night). Great for people watching too if you just want to hang out with a friend a grab a snack.
Service is great- water glasses always full and food brought quickly.I've eaten at their Chicago area location and I loved it.  So when I cam to Vegas and saw the awesome location of this one...had to go there and see it for myself.

It is deceptively large inside the restaurant; several dining areas along with the famous Veranda with a view of the strip.  Sit there in the late Spring and early fall for a nice comfortable outside dining experience and watch all the jealous folk walk by and stare at your meal.

Possible the best part about the restaurant is it's French theme and decor... when I walked in I swear I had seen the view from my eyes in some scene from some movie... good feeling.

Though the prices are more expensive than their other locations I suppose it is comparable and priced accordingly to the caliber of cuisine they offer coupled with their location.  Nonetheless, their breakfast menu is reasonable and they have some good coffee options that remind me of sitting in a French Cafe.  Most people forget about breakfast but theirs is one of my favorites in Vegas.

As for the rest of the food, meats, salads and desserts are finely cooked, beautifully served and, of course, expectantly delicious.What a wonderful place for lunch!! I absolutely adore this place. I have only been once, but I plan on going on  a regular basis because the French Onion soup is amazing! I found my tuna salad way too salty, otherwise I would give it 5-stars. 

The location alone is perfect for a girls-lunch or a fun date. I suggest sitting on the covered patio part where you are out of the direct sunlight but you can still people watch. I did have to wait awhile for my food, so I suggest not going if you are in a rush.This place is fantastic. Steak and frites bordelaise was amazing! I came here for the first time for my anniversary and it was even better than I expected. We both loved it. Our waiter gave us the most attentive service I've ever received. He made sure we had everything we needed. The second I turned my head around in search of his service he was right there to help us out. We even enjoyed Crème brûlée complementary of the restaurant. This was a wonderful dining experience and perfect for a date. Great atmosphere, best steak I've had, great service.Came here for 8am breakfast on Monday. Beat the crowds and get excellent service. First time here and noticed the excellent food with a nice European atmosphere and wonderful service. There were so many choices available including non-breakfast items. Had the blueberry waffles which were very crispy and stayed crispy until I was done. My partner had the smoked salmon Benedict that was superb. The mimosa was ok. Forewarned that drinks are pricey.This is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas. Outstanding quality - spot on offerings. It doesn't get any better than Eggs Benedict done to perfection at Mon Ami GabiI have been fortunate enough to have had some of the best steaks in the world. From The New York Grill in Tokyo to Peter Lugers in New York. My fillet mignon from Mon Ami Gabi was one of the best, if not "THE" best, I've ever had. My girlfriend had the steak tartare which was also outstanding. Ambiance - 5 stars. (six stars if you can get patio seating on a nice night like we did). The service was prompt and pro. I look forward to coming here again ever time I visit Las Vegas.Mon Ami Gabi has got it all... Location, Ambiance, and Delicious Food.  This is our go to restaurant in Vegas mostly because they have THE BEST FILET THAT LIFE HAS TO OFFER.  It's cooked perfectly every time, the sauce is amazing, and it comes with a side of "you think there's a lot, but somehow you're gonna put them all away" pommes frite.  And while you wait for your amazing piece of beef, you can enjoy delicious French bread, some nice wine, the Bellagio fountain view, and hopefully you will be wise enough to order the French Onion Soup as well.  

I don't know what took me so long to write this review, but after coming back this past weekend, I knew it was time.  

I probably should have written it 3 years ago when we had our wedding dinner here for 70 guests and it was flawless.  Every single entree came out perfectly, the servers didn't miss a beat, and everyone truly enjoyed themselves.  To quote one of my guests, "This steak is so good, I would snort it if I could."  

The planning process for our wedding event was also handled fantastically by the coordinators and they were so accommodating to the OCD, nutty bride that I had briefly become.

P.s. It's good for breakfast and lunch too!Went for Valentine's Day and it was seriously one of the best dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas in a long time. We had reservations, but were a few minutes late. I expected that would set us back at least 30 minutes, considering it was a holiday. Instead, we were immediately seated and continued to have a great time. My hangar steak was outstanding, but the star was my wife's duck (a special for the evening) was out this world! Probably the best duck I've ever had!

Our experience was so good, I wanted to go the next evening. We will plan to hit Mon Ami Gabi every trip from now on.one of my favorite restaurants.  Love to visit Gabi.  

the baguette is extraordinary.  the butter is out of this world.  breakfast is outstanding.My husband and I loved this restaurant.  The food was delicious and the service was top notch. We had a table outside with a fabulous view of the strip. Great experience!  Loved the escargot!Located next to the Eiffel tower and across the street from Bellagio, this restaurant has the perfect view of people watching while enjoying some good food. We came by for brunch and wanted to sit outside so we had to wait about 15 minutes. The restaurant got a lot busier after we sat down though so there might be a longer wait than that. Our waitress was friendly and I thought service was great. 

I ordered the three eggs plate which also had bacons, hash browns, and toasts. The eggs were cooked right and they were perfectly round. The bacons were thick which were good but I prefer my bacons on the thinner side. The toasts tasted great with the jam and white butter/cream! The jam was not too sweet and had a rich fruity flavor to it. My boyfriend ordered the corn beef hash which was presented nicely on the plate. The meat tasted so good, so soft, and so juicy.

Overall, I had a good experience at this restaurant. They have good coffee to keep you awake so you can stay awake and gamble all day long.Due to the enormous amount of reviews on yelp, my boyfriend and I decided to try this restaurant. We were not disappointed! *phew*

We ordered escargots for appetizer and i was hesitant to order it because i've never tried it and was worried i wouldn't like it. BUT, i LOVED IT! The only thing about this dish is that its a bit on the oily side. It was still delicious nonetheless, however the escargots were drenched (LITERALLY) in garlic-herb butter which im not sure if thats usually how they're made. It was good though.

He ordered steak frites which is apparently what they are famous for and the steak was perfectly seasoned (i usually find steak too underseasoned) and the frites were really cool. They were more like chips than fries because they were so incredibly thin! But i liked how thin they were cuz they didn't taste as oily as normal fries even though they probably are.

I ordered peppercorn sauce steak and green beans. It was also delicious. The meat was cooked exactly the way i wanted it and was very tender.Great service, tasty food, beautiful outdoor patio with a perfect location on the strip. I loved my Bloody Mary, which the bartender made it just as spicy as I wanted it, and egg white omelet, and my croissant was perfectly rich and flakey. Will definitely return for breakfast when I'm back in town!We were looking for something in between fast food and pretentious. Finally decided here because, frankly, I was tired of walking. Hostess said would be a
30 minute wait, no problem I'll just gamble a little. 10 minutes later, our pager went
off. Had to wait a couple more minutes while they changed out table cloth. Anyway, received water right away. Our waiter came over very friendly, outgoing. He recommended the skate because I was gonna order the salmon. My gf got the special, prime rib w/ aus jus macaroni au gratin and green beans . Skate came with a fennel, red onion, green bean salad..it was prepared with lemon capers parsley..and had homemade garlic chips. Garlic chips were great, light with garlic taste. Skate was an interesting fish, kinda chewy but the way it was prepared was delicious. A bit salty but im certain it was the capers. The lemon was delightful. Salad was good it was light and made with oil and balsamic vinegar. Prime rib was cooked med-rare, this was delicious.  So tender and flavorful, really good. My gf wanted to send it back because it was not hot...I assumed thats the French way..I didn't even notice and I like my food HOT! The potatoes were great, nice little crunch but great texture in middle. Almost forgot, i ordered the french onion soup and it was very nice flavorful, very cheesy-yummy, and bread was good. Try it just to try it. Nice little baguette with butter too. 

Overall, place was great and if it wasn't for this land having thousands of restaurants I would definitely make it back here.The best. Meal. Of my life. 
Everything was perfect . 
From the old-world decor to the charming ambiance to the waiter (not a food server) who really knew how to put together a meal. 
Simply, superb.The best aspect of this surf/turf restaurant is the atmosphere - bustling and in view of Bellagio fountains. We had to wait a few minutes even though we had a reservation, which was fine because there are two bars.  

[frisee & warm bacon salad with soft-poached egg, croutons] 
-- absolutely delicious! the poached egg is an amazing addition and actually emulsifies the dressing - yum.

[sea scallops, butternut squash puree, brussels sprouts, hazelnuts, brown butter]
-- scallops were cooked perfectly, large portion but needed more salt. Squash was good but a bit bland and the brussels sprouts ok.Amazing.  Really great place.  In a hotel/casino but feels far away from all of that.  Beautiful restaurant, great service.  Steak and frites was amazing.  Overall great meal.  Would go back again and again.Love this place and a must stop every time I am in Vegas. Grab a seat outside, it's well worth the wait. Front row seats to the bellagio water show and great people watching.

Incredible Bloody Mary! And the banana foster waffle...yummy! Crepes are excellent as is the corned beef hash.This restaurant is located at street level in the Paris LV Hotel and Casino.  The food in this place is really really good.  We have eaten here before on a previous trip and decided to do lunch here again on latest trip.  We ate outside on patio along the front of the building right on Las Vegas Blvd.  It was a beautiful day and our meal was excellent.  Our waiter was a little brash but other than that we will go back again next time.I love French Food and having lived in France for numerous years makes me very particular.

I enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi very much.  The food is not the "over the top" French fare of many LV restos but rather a more comfortable bistro fare (think steak frites, mussels, roasted chicken, etc).

My pate was quite good and came with pearl onions, cornichons, and grilled baguette toast.  The toast wasn't quite grilled enough for my liking, and they took care of this issue very quickly.  Otherwise the rest of our food was excellent as was the chocolate cake dessert.

I would recommend reservations if you want to eat... we lucked out and got a table with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Otherwise come prepared to wait in line for a patio seat.

The bar area is very cozy, and the bartender made us a few stiff drinks while we waited on our table.  The wine list is very small but very high in quality.  The prices are very reasonable.This is my "impressor" restaurant. Whenever I have friends or family come in from out of town, this is where I take them. Service is always top-notch and the food is amazing. I highly recommend making a reservation - they will take you very quickly if you do. I've never had to wait more than 5 min. if I made a reservation; going in on a Friday night without a reservation was about an hour wait. That's to be expected. You usually wait longer for a patio table, because of its excellent views, but I say skip it if you've seen the fountains - the inside is usually quiet and calm, so it makes for a much more relaxing meal.

You hungry after that wait? No problem. They're going to bring you a fresh baguette with an amuse-bouche that you'll dream about for months. For an appetizer, get the brie and put it on that delicious bread. They only give you four crostinis with the brie, which can seem a little chintzy, but with the bread there, you have plenty of carbs to put your brie on.

I've taken vegetarian friends and carnivorous friends here alike and they've all found something delicious on the menu. I highly recommend the filet mignon in merlot butter - it comes with crispy chipped fries which are the perfect combination of fry and potato chip. 

Honestly, I've never made it to dessert, because I've been so stuffed after savoring every last bite of my filet. I've even taken my culinarily-non-adventurous parents here, and they LOVED it. This restaurant's safe for all tastes and though it's a Strip price (about $60-person) it's worth every penny.I LOVE this restaurant! It is a must-stop for me when I am in Vegas. The location is what truly sells it. I always sit outside where you have an incredible view of the Bellagio fountains while you dine. Perfect for simple wine and appetizers or for a whole meal. They have great heaters cranking in the winter, so you can still comfortably enjoy being on the patio. If there is one thing I would tell everyone to do, it is sit outside and sip a glass of wine. You will not regret it!

While the view sells it for me, the food and service are pretty great as well. For Vegas, the prices are pretty reasonable. In the past I've done the French Onion Soup and a side salad, which have been perfect. The Goat Cheese appetizer is warm and satisfying, great to snack on with a glass of wine. 

I landed in Vegas 2 nights ago, and my friend's flight was delayed coming in, so I was on my own for dinner. I immediately knew I would go to Mon Ami Gabi. I bundled up in my winter coat and walked over. I asked for a table outside and was very comfortable under one of the many, many heaters they have out there. My server was incredibly helpful with the wine list as my knowledge of French wine is limited, and I loved what he picked for me. You are immediately presented with a loaf of bread and butter, as well as an amuse buche. Tonight is was green apple and fennel with a mayonnaise dressing (the French really do love their mayo). It was a lovely snack while I debated what I wanted. When the waiter came back, I could not make a decision. I mentioned wanting to try the steak tartare as it is something I've somehow never had, and he said that it was his favorite thing on the menu and I must get it. Not wanting to drop $35 and also not being that hungry, he offered to have them make me a half order as an appetizer and charge half the price. Sold!

It was really delicious, and I am so glad I listened to him. Plus, with the smaller portion and price point, I had room for dessert! Again torn between a few options, I went with his recommendation of the bananas foster crepe. Delicious only begins to explain how good it was. The caramel sauce was decadent and the crepe was light and fluffy. I spent about an hour and a half there, slowly sipping my wine and reading my book while I ate, pausing every 20 minutes or so to watch the amazing fountains across the street (and the people watching isn't bad either :). My server would occasionally stop to check on me, often engaging in some lovely conversation and never making me feel like I should hurry up and leave. 

A trip to Vegas should always begin with a night on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi!Have you ever had dinner with someone sitting across from you that you wanted to strangle?  Well I'm too nice to do such a thing but I was about to use my fork instead.  Why the hell would you try to order a calamari appetizer from a french restaurant without first looking at the menu, and then get mad that they don't serve calamari?  Luckily the food was good enough so that I forgot about the annoyance.  

First the bread they serve was sooooooooo good.  The bread is a mini baguette roll that  tasted like it just came out of the oven.  5 stars alone for just the bread.

We ordered the 'Escargots de Bourgogne' for our appetizer and we both ordered the Filet Mignon for our entree.  The 'Escargots de Bourgogne' was delicious and our Filet Mignon was even better.  I've been here before but I don't remember what I ordered the previous time.  I also don't remember it being as good as it was this last time.

Service at Mon Ami Gabi was really good as I was checked up on constantly.  What's best about Mon Ami Gabi is that the price is really reasonable for the food being served.  I would expect to pay a little more...  I will definitely have dinner here again for their delicious tasting Filet Mignon.The Salmon salad had walnuts, blueberries and avocados with a vinaigrette. The Cobb had blue cheese crumbles, avocados, corn and a citrus vinaigrette.  The service was superb, our server Trish was great. Stop here for lunch, you can eat inside or out.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Went back to back days for brunch and ordered two different things and loved both of them! Great food, great coffee, and waiting staff was wonderful. The patio is a must if the wait isn't too long. Get there before 10am if you want a patio table! Highly suggest this placeGood service? Check.

View of the Bellagio water show from a patio seat on an early Spring night? Check.

Yummy hot baguette, with pickled carrots and butter? You bet'cha. 

Delicious French classics such as escargot, onion soup au gratin, and Boeuf Bourguignon? Triple Check. 

We had a great time at Mon Ami Gabi. Service was on-point, food - super yummy, and the view was unforgettable! Great way to kick off the weekend in Vegas.This restaurant is wonderful. The location is right on the strip in the Paris casino across from the Bellagio. We sat outside on the patio for lunch in March, great views and fantastic service with yummy food. Delicious bread with real homemade butter, all three meals were perfectly cooked with nice portions, it was better than many bistros we ate at in Paris! It's a must try!Mon ami Gabi was delicious. We did not reserve and had to wait for 20 minutes. When a restaurent is always pack you know its good. Mon ami Gabi didn't disappoint. They also liked my picture on instragram : ) . The best brunch I had while in Vegas!Love this place! My favorite time of year to come here is spring so you can sit out on the patio and watch the fountains of Bellagio. I'm not a steak eater but I have to say I really enjoyed my food, especially the steak and frites. One of the best sangrias in town, which I am a sangria connoisseur. Unfortunately they don't take reservations for outside dining, so you may have a little bit of a wait, but next best thing is to sit at the bar, it's sort of outside/inside so you get the best of both worlds.This place was delightful! We went here for a late lunch and wanted to eat outside, and we barely had a 10minute wait. We ordered the baked goat cheese,the macaroni gratin and a caesar salad. Everything was delicious!! I wanted to go there again but my friend insisted on trying different places. I almost went there by myself when she left because it was so good. It is across from the Bellagio fountain so besides people watching (which you can do anywhere in Vegas) there was always a little fountain show going on. Highly recommend!Yes you must stop here and sit outside. Nothing like walking the strip and ending here for some cold beer and some fabulous appetizers:) never felt rushed and you have a nice view of the fountains and some great ppl watching:))Ate here years ago and had a good experience. Was finally able to go back recently and really enjoyed the food. Make a reservation on Open Table ahead of time to avoid waiting. Their fresh baked bread out of the oven is soooo good. 

Last time I ate a steak (I remember it being delicious), but this time I opted for their onion soup and frisee kale & warm bacon salad. Both were really delicious - I was especially surprised by the salad... scarfed the whole thing down quickly! At first glance the soup doesn't look cheesy enough, but somehow I never ran out of cheese. The bowl was so huge, I could only finish half. Service was good & food arrived promptly - no complaints!Awesome. Salmon eggs benedict not on menu, had it like five years ago off brunch menu. Last year didn't have it on the menu, but asked waiter and he made it happen. Same thing today.  I love this place, we always stop by even if we're not staying off the strip. Just how I remembered. Tried escargot, very good.The crepes, service and location were excellent. The crepes had a perfect balance of soft and chewy in some areas and crispy in others. Even on a cold morning, they had plenty of heat lamps on the patio (which is on Las Vegas blvd across from the Bellagio water show).Food was very good and prices are reasonable for location.The only problem is they add the TAX and than the TIP without telling you for a party of five.?This place was fantastic.. one of the best meals I've had in Vegas! The place is beautiful with great views of the Bellagio Fountains which was really nice during our meal. The service was top notch from the hostess to the server who helped us. I ordered a lobster roll it was tasty and way more than I could manage to finish. The french onion soup was also quite good (a pretty big bowl too). For desert we had the bananas foster holy cow it was so good but way too big.. more for like 3 people. I will be coming back to this restaurant for sure next time I'm in town. Can't beat awesome service!The food here are delicious. The soup of the day was yummy goodness. The bread came with this vinegar carrot dressing that was refreshing and delicious at the same time. Most of us at the table ordered the steak and they were tender and awesome. Other people at our table also got crab cake and the scallops. From what I heard they were all good. 

We seated inside and the decor was really nice. I wish we can seated outside though since the patio area have a great view of the Bellagio fountain. We didn't have to wait for a long time since we got reservation. The waiter service was alright, however, it wasn't that good either, it was just decent.Vegas! A place to play, eat, and spend lot of money. Been to Vegas many times and have done it all, but now in my old age, I look forward to the food options.
Visited this French restaurant about 10 years ago, and this time I took my boyfriend.
It was HOT!!! but managed to get a table in the shade, under the umbrellas and the mist that sprays from the railing. This is a great spot for people watching!!!
We had good service. The gal that sat us was very chatty. Our service, a nice young man, not overly friendly but efficient.
I ordered what I ordered when I came many moons ago, full size order of muscles, with came with thin frites. We also ordered the warm brie with honey, and a fruit bowl, which was a carved cantaloupe filled with fruit.
The warm brie with honey came with roasted garlic pieces, whole hazelnuts, and 4 crustini. My boyfriend is not a huge fan of brie, but he certainly loved this! He also liked the fries. His fruit was good, and the fresh bread, mini loaf they give you, is freshly baked on the premises and is so good. 
So if you can't make it to gay paris, this may be the closest you can come. Of course they aren't as snobby as the french can be (so I've heard). If you are a french foodie snob and have been to Paris, or France, maybe not your cup of tea, but for the rest of this, will do.  Pricey yes, but well worth the money.There are a few things I must do each time I go to Vegas, and one of them is eat steak.  Bizarre, perhaps, but a lifelong tradition I have no interest in stopping any time soon.

On my most recent trip, my friend and I were discussing which wonderful, carnivorous eatery to frequent.  I mentioned a couple of my long-time favorites, and she countered with Mon Ami Gabi.

Her selling point was excellent steak on a budget.  Fair enough, I'm always up for trying something new.  

We had a reservation and were seated promptly.  They let us choose between indoor or outdoor seating.  It was 10 million degrees outside (no exaggeration!) so we opted for inside.  The setting was quaint, very bistro-in-the-real-paris-with-much-higher-ceilings.  Our waiter was *awesome*.  He excelled at flirting 101, but not in an annoying way.

We both ordered the steak frites.  The beef was good, the sauce (you get to choose one) was disappointing (I had the bordelaise) and I was glad I ordered it on the side.  My friend loved her mushroom sauce.  The fries were amazing.  Possibly the best ever.

Other selling points: I wasn't in a wine mood, as I had already had a couple of drinks elsewhere before dinner, and our waiter poured me a glass on the house.  The carrot tapenade and baguette were fabulous.  There were nickel slots outside the front door.  Okay, nix the last one.

To sum it up, good steak, good price, not my favorite in Vegas... but Daniel is now my favorite waiter in all of Nevada.

Finally, I wish I could comment on dessert, but I was determined to have my Vegas cheesecake at Carnegie Deli after Crique de Soleil.  So no dessert was had.Steaks were delicious.  Fabulous people watching!  We got to sit with views of the fountains at Bellagio so got to enjoy 2 shows during the course of our dinner.Based on Yelp reviews we went for lunch as a party of five and sat in the conservatory as it was a little too sunny and windy outside.  Michael was an excellent waiter.  The food was absolutely delicious, with the best french fries that we have had in a long time.  (We had the pulled pork sandwich, ahi tuna sandwich, cobb salad and croque monsieur.  

Our new favorite place for lunch in Las Vegas!The view of the fountains was the reason we wanted to eat here. It was fantastic. The food was so good too! 

The baked goat cheese appetizer was amazing, mashed cauliflower was also very good!! And the steak I ordered was great topped with goat cheese. The champagne and coffee we had were also very good!!! 

 This was the best place we ate at the entire trip! Would high recommend!!! 

They do take reservations but not for the patio. We had a reservation but they were able to accommodate out requests for the patio with no wait! Staff is all very friendly!!!A classy Parisian restaurant with phenomenal food, service, and a great view of the Bellagio fountain numbers.Tried the Au poivre which was incredibly tasty and tender, along with crispy and homemade fries for 25$ total.
The restaurant had calm background music and high class service, 5/5A wonderful little restaurant with an unassuming facade, you could literally just walk by it and not even realize what you're missing.

We came to the Paris in hopes of hitting up the famous buffet at Le Village but when we walked all the way there, we saw that the line to get in was even longer than to ride on Space Mountain.

Pass.

And after a night of binge drinking, my boyfriend and I decided that we didn't really want to do the buffet thing anyway. We were way too hungry and lazy and to be honest, just wanted to sit our asses down and be served. So we walked around looking for other places to dine that weren't so packed when we discovered this cute little restaurant hiding in the corner. 

We got an amazing table outside on the patio on the most gorgeous Vegas day. It was already a fantastic start to a delicious meal. The service was great too. Our waitress was very cute and so friendly, she made us feel right at home. 

We started with their Fruit Bouquet, which I had seen on several other tables. It was a beautifully carved cantaloupe filled with melon, grapes and pineapple that came with sides of creme fraiche, mint syrup and brown sugar. YUM. A perfect way to start breakfast. The fruit was so fresh and the little accompaniments paired perfectly. I personally loved the pineapple with the mint syrup and the cantaloupe with the creme fraiche. 

For our entrees my bf chose the Egg, Bacon & Cheese crepe with some added avocado on top. I chose the special Benedict of the day which came with spinach, tomato and bacon on a toasted sourdough muffin with a chive hollandaise. We also had to get a side order of the frites, they just looked so good!

Everything was absolutely delicious. The crepe was perfectly cooked, really melted in your mouth. The cheese was chewy while the crepe was delicate, and the egg and bacon rounded all the flavors out very nicely. The avocado that my bf added also was a nice touch!
My benedict was very good, the eggs were cooked perfectly which is a huge plus. Almost every benedict I get at a restaurant has over-cooked poached eggs, but these were nice and runny. Mmm! They weren't kidding about the 'toasted' muffin though. Mine was definitely a little more well-done than I would have liked but it was still yummy. I loved the muffin because it had a really distinct sourdough taste that went well with the rest of the Benedict flavors. 

The frites were also tasty. We could barely finish just one order because it was so big. Don't be fooled, it looks all cute and small in that little paper cone but it seems practically bottomless. Keep in mind though these are not typical fries, they are very thinly cut and fried until crispy then topped with a good amount of salt. If you like really crispy potatoes then you will love these. Otherwise, if you want regular french fries don't bother. 

Definitely a great experience for both of us and we were both so lucky to come on such a beautiful day. Will definitely try to come back next time I'm in town!Seafood crepe and onion soup were delish. The outdoor patio is nice. And the Bloody Mary's are epic. Great service! Bartender was friendly and the waitress also allowed us to have the lunch menu early and recommended the better vodka for our bloody Mary's. Wait time wasn't too long for the patio (15-30 mins).Ok, so service was good, food tasted great.  But portions were a little small, and perhaps it was because we were outside, service tended to be on the slow side.  But nice view so not really much of a complaint there.  The French toast was fantastic though.  skirt steak not too wow, but ok.  Escargot was average really.  All in all though, did enjoy the atmosphere.Very good. Oysters were fantastic.Wait was a little long, but I would certainly return.I am a huge fan of all things French. This restaurant has beautiful decor and the restaurant was packed but it did not feel crowded. The line to get in the restaurant moved quickly however i do recommend that you make a reservation online. 
I had the chicken, mushroom and brie cheese crepe. it was very delicious and the coffee was amazing. The service was quick and the servers were very friendly, attentive, and seemed at ease.We always go to Mon Ami Gabi when in Vegas. It's our must go to place.
If you can wait, do so, for a table on the patio in the evening. Perfect view of the Bellagio fountain show.
The wait staff is superb! Very professional. Our server was Luis- great job Luis! You are the best.
I so hate to say this, but my dinner was not the best and what we always get at Mon Amie Gabi. My steak was dry and overcooked. My husband wanted to complain, I did not. 
I would still go back and we have always had impeccable service and great food. Will not let this one experience deter our visit.The food is delicious and authentic. The wait service is fast and friendly. The casino is great, too! This place is usually packed and they even serve breakfast. The restaurant is very dark at night, so bring a flashlight. Also, it is very loud in there so bring ear protection, too.Real table cloths, delicious crepes. Huge crowds easily accommodated. Fresh squeezed orange juice. Liked the crunch in the hash brown potatoes. No bathrooms as far as we could tell, but the attached casino provides some  within a short walk.OMG not only does this place hold my name :) but also serves some seriously delicious breakfast.  I dub the "Chocolate-Hazelnut Waffle," the most delightful waffles I've ever had. They were the perfect crunch in our mouth, with just the right amount of chocolate, not overwhelming at all.  The restaurant itself it the cutest, very Schick décor, and cozy. I had great service and will return the next time I visit Vegas.Amazing place! Great views on the strip if you sit outside. The menu has great choices, don't be afraid to try the Escargot it's one of their signatures and almost every table had ordered it. Martinis do not disappoint. The inside ambiance is great for dates and late dinner. This place was a complete win - can't wait to revisit!If you want find this restaurant easily in Vegas, you follow the Eiffel Tower, which seems to indicate where this restaurant is, like the church steeple stands for the church. Located in the Paris Las Vegas, the center of the Vegas Strip, where the beautiful Bellagio fountain performs every hour for this restaurant, people gawk and take pictures of the scene of people eating at the patio rather than other scenes, imagining one day they will come to visit to this restaurant whenever they have chances, I was also enticed to come to this restaurant to have brunch because the weather was perfect with the limpid sky, breeze out there, nice food to create the colorful blog my friend made. 

It was about 11am on weekdays, there's already crowded and had to wait 30mins but when I fawned it was the most beautiful restaurant in the world and I told them I am a regular customer, the staffs smiling on their faces and instantly led us the nicest table where we could be watching people and the Bellagio fountain show, heating overhead made me feel both cool breeze and heat bodies. The sky on which God created nice painting, the staffs serving nice food, my friends made me laughing out loud, my friend also laughing out loud as i told them i came to visit Las vegas whenever i needed fresh squeezed orange juice which i was shocked when i first visited and drank from my old country few decades ago.

We ordered the quiche, Eggs Benedict, Loraine and coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice which i already told them and they were convinced to accept to drink. How poor friends were, haha. Every food were really delicious and I, in particular, loved the quiche. it looked really plain but the taste was heavenly smooth and lots of cheese flavor and the right amount of arugula salad beside stole my heart.

Yes I truly became a regular customer.Our second time to Mon Ami Gabi, our first visit was the day after we got married with a bunch of family members. On the patio on a lovely evening in March. It was great. My first time trying Escargot and I'm a fan.
A group of friends decided to have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi, knowing how good it was we couldn't resist. We made reservations, for 18 people, unfortunately they couldn't keep us all at the same table but the tables were near each other.
Our waitress, Christin, was fantastic, she's been working there for 12 years so she knew exactly what to recommend for your taste.
The free loaves of bread are so good, not anything like the tasteless bread you get in real Paris. Flawlessly accompanied by butter and a carrot slaw to spread on your bread. The fish of the day was Barramundi with pole beans over a light tomato sauce. It was cooked perfectly, with a nice crisp skin, seasoning was excellent on my fish as well as my vegetables. My husband ordered the chefs special of the day which was a Prime Rib Roast with long beans and scalloped potatoes. He ate every morsel, the only thing I tasted were the potatoes, which I thought were a bit peppery for my taste. Everyone else in our group seemed to love their food, some of the orders included Trout Almondine, Steak, Seafood Platter, Shrimp cocktail, Sea Scallops, and Onion Soup just to name a few.
For dessert we ordered Creme Brulee to share, it was an enjoyable ending to our meal, light creamy vanilla custard with a nicely caramelized top layer. Yum!Ridiculously good! From the skate fish to the escargot. Top notch, top notch! The steak au poivre was delicious too.I love their breakfast.  Great atmosphere, great eggs benedict and hash browns with little caramelized onions.Hands down, one of the best meals of life (...and I've had a lot of damn good meals)....
We made a reservation at Mon Ami Gabi for dinner on the 4th of July. We sat inside and were waited on my Michelle, who was outstanding. When we got to the table they brought us an amuse bouche of orzo salad (yum) and their french bread...warm, crusty, oh-so-satisfying.
We started our meal with a few drinks and also ordered the baked cheese. So, so good....I am craving it right now. It's basically a mixture of soft cheeses (cream cheese, goat cheese, etc.) that are baked in the oven, mixed with fresh marinara sauce, and served with toasted french bread drizzled in basil garlic oil. There were only two of us and we basically licked the bowl clean...it was that good.
For our meals we both got the signature filet mignon with merlot butter and red wine reduction. I got the asparagus for my side and my friend got the fries. The portions were surprisingly large and the meat was impeccably cooked. The filet was soft and well seasoned....melted in my mouth. Without a doubt, the best steak I have ever had (and funnily enough also one of the cheapest). The asparagus was fresh and delicious. I also stole quite a few fries from across the table...those things are addictive. 
We ended the meal with creme brulee. The custard was sweet and creamy and rich....exactly what I wanted. 
Overall, a fantastic meal. I couldn't pick out a single flaw (and I can almost always pinpoint more than one). During our meal I looked around the nearby tables and picked up on a few conversations, and everyone was commenting on how spectacular the food and service were...lots of happy people and bellies. I will come here time and time again. Wonderful meal, wonderful waitress, and a price that honestly can't be beat. My new "to go to" place in Vegas.I just really really really like this restaurant. you can't beat the ambiance, the service and the food - the prices are a steal, compared to the rest of vegas! It's just such a great place to go with your girlfriends, your boyfriend or your mom :) haha highly recommended for dinner!delicious and fun! and we got a huge kick out of our waiter, who was clearly not french but hammed up the accent so much that we had  no idea what he was saying. it was tres amusantGreat food. Accommodating, friendly wait staff. Our favorite restaurant in Vegas!Excellent!! We had the brie appetizer and filet mignon.  Best steak I have ever had!!  Great location too - ask to sit outside to see the Bellagio fountains.  Very reasonably priced too. Highly recommend!!AHHHH!!!! wanted to see what this was all about and... man! im a foodie.. and so is my friend that went with me here.... we were def amazed!!!!

service- awesome! 

food- LOVEEEEEd it! escargot was freaking delishhhhhhiousss, and so was the mussels, potato chips (okay), and oysters were all very good. since we came just to do appetizers i cant comment on the steak, but by the taste of the appetizers I WANNA GO BACK!!!!

even though i usually stay in my hotel and eat food there due to comps... this place will get me out of the wynn.. just to eat their escargot... especially :P

my mouth is watering from thinking about the foooooooooodJust had a birthday lunch for my wife's 50th birthday. 

We had reservations which made seating quick and easy., even though the place was really packed. 

The waitress Christina was fantastic,  unfortunately,  her busboy was awful. We had to ask 3 times to get bread and soda refills.  We could see the busboy who often appeared to be looking off into space even though we tried to get his attention by waving and calling to him.  Christina was very apologetic and ended up getting the bread and soda herself. 

Everyone at the table enjoyed their food except for me.   I ordered the filet cooked medium and doubled checked how it was prepared to ensure I wouldn't have to send it back. Wouldn't you know it, it was over cooked.   Christina took it back,  but it was replaced with one that was rare.   Given that most of my party had nearly finished and I was starving  I chose to eat part of it and left the really rare part on the plate. Again Christina was profusely apologetic and it was removed from our bill. 

Overall, the staff took care of everything especially Christina and the manager.  The only thing I was surprised about is that while the gratuity was added in because of our party size, the gratuity was included for 2 filets even though they took them off the bill.

The end result.  Pretty good food and a great waitress, just don't order filet when it is busy if you are expecting it to be cooked as ordered.Long wait, Good Food, Great Spot.
My food wasn't bad or great. Not memorable which sometimes can be a good thing. 
French Fries were pretty good though. :)I love the corned beef hash here!!! The wait is about 15 min and this place is usually always crowded. Great place to eat for breakfast and it's fast too.My friends and I went here as our last dinner in Vegas. It is just so pretty and classy in there and it was a great way to end the trip with a bang :) This place is pretty pricey but hey, youve already made the trip out here and probably spent hella money. The wait wasnt that bad actually because we went on a Monday night.

I got the onion soup and it was my first time having it. I was expecting it to be jam packed with flavor but I personally didnt think it was that great. The layer of cheese onion on top was too thick and I just thought it was a weird combo. I got the Filet Mignon for $32 and split with a friend since we didnt want to be bloated before heading out. The meat was super tender and tasted very buttery. I loved the frites because they were so fried and delicious. Id much rather have that than huge pieces of potatoes.

The atmosphere and the ambiance was great and the food was good but overpriced. 

**TIPS**
1) I would skip out on the onion soup unless you like really like it.
2) Dress to impress when you go here :)
3) Enjoy!One of my favorites in Vegas, enjoyable seating, watching the fountains of Bellagio, and the world passing by.Awesome food, great service!!!!!!!
Cant wait until next time!!!!! My wife and I loved it......The food was great, the atmosphere was fantastic, the service was so-so. However, I would blame that more on our personal server rather than the place as a whole. The other workers appeared to be lovely individuals. Well the guys in full suits acting all secretive were a little ironic and hilarious, especially because they were just talking about available tables and such over a ear piece- it was entertaining though!! XD Overall I would definitely recommend this place.Terrace seating during brunch today was perfect; my party of five enjoyed the outdoor view of Bellagio and the Strip without the wind blowing debris onto our food.  I had the Eggs Benedict - by recommendation from one in my party.

Although I very infrequently consume pork, I would return, but not for the Eggs Benedict.Was a big fan of the lincoln park location in chicago, so to find the same menu, at similar prices with al fresco dining overlooking the bellagio fountains was a nice treat.

The service was super fast, and the warm brie was superb.Directly across from the Bellagio.
It was a perfect spot for our anniversary dinner.
This was definitely a highlight of our Las Vegas trip. So relaxing to have a nice dinner. Fancy yet casual ambiance.

Indoor/ outdoor feel on the patio was a perfect mix of AC with a view of the bellagio fountains.

The steak frites was a huge portion. Steak was cooked perfectly. Juicy and tender. The peppercorn steak was very good. The blue cheese onion was good too, but almost masked the wonderful  flavor of the steak. I'd choose a lighter sauce next time. Fries are skinny crispy yummy.

Fun location to people watch too!I love this place! This is the first restaurant that we visited in Vegas and it was a great start to our blessed weekend. We visited during the lunch time but they were already very busy. We didn't have the reservation but they sat us down quickly. It was a big restaurant with traditional European decorations. We started out with drinks. I enjoyed my Frangria while my friend was served with their bloody mary bar. Our first plate was the mussels, which was cooked in a creamy and rich sauce. It was perfect! Definitely one of the best mussels that I have had. It was followed by my main entree, chicken and mushroom crepe. The crepe was also excellent. The filling of mushroom and chicken was well balanced with the light creamy sauce. The crepe was thin but flavorful. Overall, we all enjoyed our plates and were ready for our Vegas trip. The location of this place is also a selling point. It is right across from the fountain of Bellagio. If you come during the late afternoon or evening, you can enjoy their famous fountain show right from the restaurant.We were really glad to have checked the Yelp reviews and to have found this place. Lovely restaurant located in the Paris hotel and casino complex. We had an early dinner here, arriving around 5.30pm and so we were sat down fairly promptly. The yelp reviews are pretty much spot on- great food, drinks at reasonable prices (relatively speaking- hey, this is Vegas!) We started with the escargot appetizer and very warm crusty bread and two glasses of red wine, followed by two steak dinners. Everything was delicious and the the service was top notch and friendly. 

Some advice- try to get here early if you can or call ahead and make a reservation. We had a pretty short wait but on our way out they was a considerable line forming. This place is obviously very popular and for good reason.I have eaten here once so far and it was excellent.  The steak was cooked exactly right for my taste and was so tender.  The mashed cauliflower (almost like baby food) side dish was really tasty.  We loved our server, Sean.  Even though the restaurant was very busy, Sean was always there for us.  We sat right by the opening to the outside tables, facing the water show at Bellagio so we had entertainment, too.  It all made for a very enjoyable dining experience.  We look forward to returning for a different meal so we can try other menu items.We set at the bar because the wait was 1hour. We got great service, and the hanger steak was grilled to perfection.  Will come back next time I'm in Vegas.Fresh baguette was really good and butter was amazing. Got the bone in steak which was cooked to perfection and had a great flavor. Would definitely recommend and come backSome long-time friends brought us here for brunch after having raved about it for months, so we certainly had high expectations, and they were definitely met.

Aside from the fact that you have to walk into the Paris to get there, the restaurant is delightfully French-y and the service is excellent. The restaurant was super busy that Saturday brunch, but our waitress was on top of everything and very friendly.

I had a wonderful quiche Lorraine, which was the whole quiche (!) and clearly cooked to order, which was a nice surprise. A tablemate had a burger, which he said was fantastic, and the wine list was shockingly reasonably priced.

The only downside was the overall price of the menu. I get that it's Las Vegas and it's on the Strip, but we had just come Le Diplomate in Washington, DC, which we also think is pricey, and even that seemed comparatively tame in comparison with LV's Strip prices. But hey, it's still cheaper than the flight to France!Pleasantly surprised! The venue overlooks Bellagio on the north corner of the Paris hotel.  The bright front atrium is definitely a must request seating! Service is on point. The food is over the top from healthy shareables (berry & melon bouquet) to guilty pleasures (duck confit benedict with pom frites). Their crepes can easily become a sweet addiction.  One can't go wrong with any of the menu selections.This has always been one of my favs in Vegas for a "don't break your bank" kinda dinner place. The best seat in the house is outside so you can see the Bellagio water show that goes on every 15 mins or so once it gets dark outside. In the winter, the heat lamps outside keep you company. In the summer, the misters do. Either which time of year you go, try to sit outside. The wait staff are all great, very friendly, efficient, attentive to your needs, Being a meat eater, I had the bleu cheese steak last time with french fries. I didn't talk for about 10 min cause I was busy chowing on my food. It just all tasted so freaking good! I have been here before and was happy to share this place with my 5 girl friends who now also love this place as much as I do!The food was great and the service was outstanding.  Sheryl from Boston was our server and she was awesome. 

Had French onion soup, mussels and fries. I would highly recommend it.Amazing food! Recommend getting reservations. I got the french martini, french onion soup, mussels appetizer, and the scallop entree.... Soooo good! The whipped cauliflower is amazing as well. The best meal I had on strip.An awesome place for brunch while in Vegas! Vegas is definitely super overpriced with sub-par food but Mon Ami Gabi is definitely not expensive and food is great for the price.

Got to sit outside which was totally worth the super short wait. Bright sunshine, great view.
Got the breakfast which was just eggs, sausage, substituted fruit for potatoes. Sausage was surprisingly flavorful and good. The bread that came with the plates tho was AMAZING! perfect texture and the butter and jam AMAZING! UGH just so amazing.

Best meal in Vegas for sure.It was me and my boyfriends 2 Year Anniversary, and we wanted to something fun to celebrate. Naturally we went to VEGAS! We wanted to have a nice romantic dinner, I had searched and found Mon Ami. It had great reviews so I went with it. I got reserverations and thank God I did! It was pretty packed. We had shown up 10 minutes late and there was a line, they seated us right away and asked if it was our first time there. They explained all the fancy lingo on the menu and told us what we should try if we were feeling adventurous. The prices are pretty pricey, but hey it's our anniversary. My b/f got the Filet Mingon marinated in Merlot. I got the Herb Chicken. Man OH Man! It was the MOST DELICIOUS MEAL I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE! I was so glad I picked this place. It was 110%  WORTH EVERY EXPENSIVE PENNY!Great place to eat and people watch. Delicious breakfast. And they were super sweet to our baby.One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas!  Located in the Paris hotel, opt for a seat outside on the balcony.  There will be a wait, especially at night, but it is so worth it.  You will be seated directly across from the Bellagio, so I'm not sure what's better than enjoying amazing food while watching their fountain show. 

On this past long weekend trip to Vegas, I actually ate at Mon Ami Gabi twice in almost as many days.  My girlfriends and I went for dinner on a weeknight, and even for indoor seating had about a 30 minute wait.  But, totally worth it.  This was my first time eating dinner here, and let me tell you--it was delicious!  I opted for one of their Prime Steak Frites--the Au Poivre, which is with brandy peppercorn sauce.  The beef was delicious and tender, and the brandy peppercorn sauce was divine.  The beef had been pounded very long and thin, but man my mouth is watering just thinking of it.  Instead of frites, our waiter informed me I could have mashed potatoes--get the mashed potatoes!  Oh so buttery and delicious. 

I was also impressed with the bread that came with the meals.  They served the bread with shredded carrots marinated in something, and as odd as it sounds, it was absolutely delicious on the bread!  My two girlfriends also enjoyed their meals--one also had a Prime Steak Frites and another had the caramelized sea scallops. 

Two days later, my brother picked me up for breakfast, and this is always his first choice as to where to go on the Strip.  I've been several times prior for breakfast, and have always enjoyed it.   This time, I enjoyed the french toast and instead of blueberries opted for strawberries.  Delicious!  My brother had a ham and cheese crepe--it was good, but he said next time he would get the french toast instead.  

Service is always excellent at Mon Ami Gabi!  I highly recommend you go to this restaurant and enjoy an amazing meal with a great view on the strip!Fancy french food on the strip. High prices and small portions of great tasting food.The wait for outside seating is a must. We do go back everytime so that should sum it up. The filet a pouver is to die forIt was a beautiful day and we had a wonderful time enjoying an excellent brunch on their patio. The food was very flavorful! 
I had a waffle with strawberries, fried potatoes, and bacon (I'm southern). My wife had eggs and beef (it was like a stewed beef). We trade bites. It was so good. The coffee and mimosa were great compliments.

We loved our time here. Great atmosphere, great service, and flavorful food. It was one of my wife's favorite spots.We are used to the great service here and today's serve by Samuel went beyond words.  Very,friendly and attentive.  Checking on us at the right time to make sure each serving was the right temperature and as we liked it.  Always with a smile and genuine.  Samuel is an asset you don't find easily these days.  WOW.Went here for breakfast since it was top rated. It is a little bit expensive but the food was excellent. Sat in the patio which was great. You  Watch the people passing by and enjoy the fresh air if it's a nice day. If the Bellagio water show is on you  will be able to see it from there. The blueberry french toast was great and the chocolate hazelnut waffle was excellent. I had a chocolate crousant as well but it was not as good as other places. Bacon was ok. overall it was a great place to eat.I was staying at the Paris Hotel with my mom and we didn't want to walk too far for dinner, so we decided to try Mon Ami Gabi.  The entire experience was  incredible!  I had the seared scallops and they were cooked to perfection, the service was great, and so was the ambiance.  Afterwards we went over to The Bellagio to watch the water show.  Overall great experience without having to battle the crowds on the strip.Sunday breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi is Amazing, they offer a patio on Las Vegas Blvd. I made my reservation for 9 A.M. but by the time I arrived the patio tables had a waiting time. I ordered the French onion soup and eggs Benedict with coffee. Their eggs were poached perfectly and they offered fresh made whipped cream for your coffee. I enjoyed my breakfast and will definitely be coming back.Me and cousin were deciding on a place to eat. There are so many fine restaurants in Vegas and in the end we decided last minute to go here on the 2nd night I was in Vegas. It was a great choice!!  I called in earlier that evening around 830pm and made reservations for two. I was very surprised that they still accepted reservations the night of! It was definitely a good idea since there were people waiting when we got there at 10pm. One of the Asian hostesses was a bit rude towards me since she asked me to get in the back of the line when I was obviously there before other guests. But I just let that go. 

When we walked into the restaurant it was very crowded. Most, if not all of the tables were occupied. I was under the impression that it was casual atire, but people were dressed rather nice. We sat indoors. The ambiance is rather romantic with slightly dim lights. The atmosphere seemed lively yet relaxed at the same time with people conversing and having a merry time. Our waiter was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu. He gave us advice on what to order which worked out wonderfully!!

We ordered the ESCARGOTS DE BOURGOGNE(oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter) and FILET MIGNON MERLOT(steak with butter and red wine reduction, served with their signature hand-cut frites). Both were very good. I've had snails before but never cooked this way. We ate it with the fresh warm bread! The steak was soooo TENDER!!! By far the best steak I have eaten! Seasoned perfectly and it is like butter when you cut into it. The Frites were also very good and a different spin on fries. I actually like it better than fries because they are thinner and crispier. I am sad that I decided not to order dessert here because I wanted to try Serendipity(no bueno). The total came out to be only $50. What a great deal for such delicious food! I will be coming back no doubt when I am in Vegas :)Came to Vegas for a romantic getaway and my boyfriend (now husband) suggested we try this place and was I impressed. I find myself always craving their Bordelaise steak every time we pass by Paris. We were lucky enough to score seats on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountain. 

Mental note for big groups make sure to RSVP and everyone arrive on time. Overall a great experience with groups and as a couple.Pardon my French, but this place is the shizzz. There isn't a better restaurant on the strip that blends quality of food, service, scenery and ambiance. Just ate lunch here a little while ago. 

I ordered the Steak Frites. A staple dish of the restaurant that every other table had someone eating. Its a thin steak rich in flavor alone, but amplified by one of their 4 signature sauces. The waiter recommended the bordelaise sauce, caramelized onions in a red wine sauce. Great pick, it was amazing. Next time I will try the brandy peppercorn sauce! Other dishes at my table were the warm chicken and brie sandwich and the prime steak sandwich. Both looked delicious, particularly the Chicken and Brie.

The cool thing about this restaurant is that it is in the Paris hotel overlooking the Bellagio across the street. You can eat outside on the elevated patio away from all the foot traffic. So while you are eating a beautiful meal, you are at the same time in the middle of the strip possibly watching the Bellagio water fountain show. 

The food, service and scenery causes sensory overload. Bring your date here if you want to seal the deal.Our stop everytime we come to Vegas.  Love their filet mignon with merlot butter and hanger steak is delicious too.  This time I tried their beat and goat cheese salad....perfect blend of sweet and salty taste each ingredient all around.  We had a party of four and half our party came late.  They wouldn't seat us until our whole party arrived.  I was worried our reservation would get canceled because they were nearly 30 minutes late past our reservation, but they seated us during prime time.   Thank you once again for a wonderful time.  Until next time.Some might think that it was crazy to sit on the patio with the temperature being 36ºF but it was crazy good. The fruit bouquet had fruit that was ripe, so I not disappointed, which can happen with fruit. The crepe "the skinny pancake" with apricot, the special for today was just the right amount of sweet. I normally don't like a crispy bacon, but I enjoyed the thick cut of bacon. The musicians close by playing guitar very well and the fountains across the street just made the meal. The servers were attentive too. Underneath the heater we had a great breakfast experience. I will be back.I love this place. Although extremely crowded, I prefer an atmosphere with a lot of people as apposed to none. The place looks very fancy but there is also a casual presence to it. The outside seating provides an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains that cannot be matched. I had a pasta from here the last time I went, and I have yet to stop raving about it. It was the best pasta I have ever eaten in my life. Never have I tasted something so scrumptious and such a genuine flavor that I have never tasted before. The servers are always very effective and helpful. Even with the extreme amount of people, the service is grade A. I was amazed with my experience here.I've done some real good eatin in Vegas and this place tops the charts. Outdoor patio can't be beat, rockin dishes, and great service.I've tried most of the high-end steakhouses in town and Mon Ami Gabi has best steaks in town.Loved this place. Their Mimosas were delicious & the view was great: Belagio water show across from us, people walking by and the sun beaming down on you. Also, great friendly service. Serenity.Had an amazing last meal in Vegas here with 10 people. Had to place a reservation and then wait about 30-40 mins to get a patio seat, but WELL WORTH IT even during the daytime. I mean, just go get a drink at the Eiffel tower bar while you wait. Service was great, food was even better. For drinks I had a glass of their sparkling Rose and then a glass of the Frangria. The frangria as pleasantly NOT watered down or too fruity and also probably the cheapest drink on the menu :) For an appetizer I had a small portion of the mussels - delicious. I also tried someone else's baked goat cheese. AMAZING. Another person in our party got the duck confit and that too looked amazing. For my main dish I went with the lobster roll. Huge chunks of lobster and the most delicious, perfectly baked bun. Came with a little side salad and their fries are something else. I'm typically not a fries person, but their's are great. No ketchup or dipping sauce needed. A little pricey for lunch, but honestly everything in Vegas is pricey that's not fast food.Ive eatten at every Mon Ami, I love them all.  This is my favorite of the bunch.  We celebrated the Mrs birthday, sat outside for hours eatting and watching the belagio water show.  You've got to request outdoor seating for the free water show.  Escargo app along scallops and oysters for apps.   Bone in rib eye for our meals and sauteed spinach with loads of garlic.   Holler!!!!!    Don't forget to dip your baguettes in the escargo garlic butter.  Tremendous meal.  Incredible service. They sang to my beautiful wife happy birthday and made my sons and friends join in.  Gorgi was our waitress and there is none better.  Every suggestion she offered we took and she was spot on right.  She talked me out of my usual seafood crepe and was I ever glad to try something different.  Love the service.  Love the food. And dessert was bananas fosters crepes.  This is a place you can't just try once. You have to come several times.  Brunch is so so good.  The menu is perfect and then some !!!!Wonderful for dinner on a Wednesday. Walk in and seated at 6:30, big line at 7:30. Use open table but if no slots, might still be seated. Scallops were great, steak was thin large and lots of options for topping. We'll be back!Delicioussssssssss!!

The entrance to the restaurant is easy to miss from the inside the Paris Casino. But once you find this gem, you're in for a treat. 

The interior wasn't anything special, but there's an incredible view of the Eiffel Tower. 

I had the filet mignon with the red wine sauce, escargot and the goat cheese platter. Everything was prepared beautifully and the food was divine. 

We had a party of 25 and our 1 server managed to cover our party flawlessly. I look forward to bringing my family here the next time we're in town!Nice place, with lots of room and very attentive.  We came on Thanksgiving mid afternoon hoping for breakfast/brunch but because of the holiday they weren't serving it; understandable.

Ordered a simple steak sandwich with fries and a chicken brie sandwich.  Both were very good, but the complimentary bread is straight up addictive!  We also saw some of the other dishes that came out of the kitchen, like the french onion soup that looked tasty.  Had a very good server who checked in often, even on such a busy day.  It's decently price, would recommend to anyone visiting here, but please stay away from the hotel in general. I would say that's the only negative of the restaurant, and only positive of the hotel.This last trip to Vegas I really wanted to eat at Mon Ami Gabi. Everyone I talked to raved about this place. If you come here early you can get a table outside. Outside is where it's at! You get a nice scenic view of the fountain show at the Bellagio. It's all very romantic.

The complimentary baguette is yummy! Our waiter was nice and helpful. The food is really delicious. We ordered the Prime Steak Sandwich and the Lobster Roll. Mmmm so good! I would love to come here again but for dinner to try their steak and the scallops. Maybe even get dessert! 

Their pommes frites are cute and a must try.Wonderful food. Love their steak frites. The bread they serve is fantastic too. Had the Franergia which was great.Loved the ambience. Hot bread to start with a fantastic carrot spread. I ordered the merlot filet mignon medium. It came out medium rare, which was a little too much for my tastes, but was still delicious. It came with a side of their house made fries which were amazing. They almost tasted like a hybrid between a French fry and a potato chip. The hostesses were very nice, but our waitress was pretty silent after we ordered. Would love to come back and try other things.Everything is incredibly good, but their sides are the best.  I got a plate of three sides (garlic spinach, Mac & Cheese, whipped cauliflower), and had to fight off my friends from abandoning their entrees and eating all mine.  The Gratin Soup is also good, and the baked goat cheese is excellent.Wow! This place was probably one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. I had the hanger steak with frites, and it was terrific. The warm chocolate cake and the crepes were also very delicious. 

The waiters were very attentive, and ours even had the complete French accent and he was very friendly. He even gave us an extra dessert! Can't wait to come back!This place is to die for.  I went there a couple of weeks ago, and I have been wanting to go back ever since.  Staff was extremely attentive, and I love the atmosphere of the place.

Both my wife and I loved our food, and it was reasonably priced.  We got an appetizer and two meals, and including the tip it was around $80.    
I promise that if you go here you will not regret it.The service here is fantastic, you feel so special, like a celebrity or something. The food is amazing, and so much to chose from! You can sit inside or out on the patio, if you're on the patio you get a great view of the strip which is nice. If you sit inside you can still see out but it's a bit quieter. The only thing that is a bit inconvenient about this place is they don't have an I -house restaurant, you have to walk through the casino a ways to get to the nearest one. They still get 5 stars though.Such a good steak. One of the best I've had in a long time. Service was great as well.Lovely, lovely, lovely!

There is nothing I can say that hasn't been said before, but this place is devine. A nice, relatively affordable French steakhouse located facing the Bellagio fountains.

Service is great. Food is great. Come for brunch or dinner, and sit on the patio!

TIP: You can not book a reservation for the patio, but I always request the Garden room behind the patio. Luckily, the staff has been very accommodating with this request! It sits just beside the patio and will protect you on cold days. On nice days, the walls come up, and you feel like you're outside. 

You're welcome. ;)This is my wife and my go-to place when we come to Las Vegas. It gets busy and full, but not full enough you have to wait. There is romantic indoor seating, or a nice outdoor patio seating that allows for people watching.

Food is ALWAYS good. No matter what you order you will not be disappointed. For breakfast, you MUST try the lemon pancakes and the corn beef hash. They are out of this world. 

Service is on point as well. We absolutely cannot say enough good things about this place!!Came to celebrate my 24th birthday dinner here and I was more than happy with the view, the service and the food. There was a bit of wait but that only allowed for a celebratory champagne toast at the bar. we were seated outside where you can watch the Bellagio water show as you dine. I didn't want it to endHIGHLY RECOMMEND

Atmosphere 1 star
Service 1.5 Stars
Food 1.5 Stars
Price Value vs Food Quality 1 Star

I had the pleasure of dining here this past week with four co-workers during a business trip to Vegas. Yes you can do business in Vegas between the entertainment and adventures lol.

Overall absolutely great place to eat. I highly recommend and I will return next time I am in Vegas.

ATMOSPHERE
The inside is just a little dark with low lighting which was ok but hard to see the menu for some people. They also have outside seating if you wanted that. Might be nice not in July for me personally. The seating was comfortable and the tables were large enough for all of our meals and sides. The interior is designed very well with an little old school steakhouse feel with dark woods and light colored furnishings. It was a very comfortable but upscale French Steakhouse.

SERVICE
Our server was absolutely amazing. I wish I had written his name down as I did not have to pay this bill (thank goodness! 5 big guys in a steakhouse is not cheap). The server had a french accent which was neat it added to the atmosphere. He was EXTREMELY knowledgeable about the foods. He was also a really good salesmen as well taking opportunities to up sell or add on sell us. He did it in a fun way that tied into our group and our conversations. He did not do it in a cheesy or pushy way it was pretty cool. We all joked we should have him working in our store but he make to much money working here lol. GREAT SERVICE! 

FOOD
We skipped the appetizers this trip as we were in a hurry for dinner. However, they do have this bread in a bag with butter they give it. The bread was very good. Crispy outside, soft and warm inside and plenty for the table. 

The food was absolutely amazing. I had the 22 oz bone on ribeye with a bearnaise sauce and these little strips of potato. The steak was cooked perfect and one of the top steaks I ever eaten in my life. The right amount of fat, texture, and natural beef flavor the light seasoning pulled out was amazing. The flavor was great already and then the sauce was great for dipping. They also have different sauces you can have your steak with as well. I just love bearnaise sauce.

We also shared a few sides. The sauteed mushrooms were good. The others tried the roasted potato carrots and enjoyed them. I did not try them. The one side that was better than expect was the cauliflower potato mash. Very good when its warm just like all cooked cauliflower mashes when they get cold not so good. This was great though! 

My peers had hanger steaks and filet mignon and all were outstanding. We did not have a bad thing on our table. 

They also had a huge selection of alcohol and wines which we did not sample to provide feedback.

PRICE VALUE VS FOOD QUALITY 
This is a medium priced steakhouse for Las Vegas. The prices can be high in Vegas as everyone knows who has traveled there. However, the food quality and portion size for the price is absolutely reasonable and well worth the stay. Our same meal at another steakhouse that week was almost double and the food was actually better here.My second visit here, Food was good, nice patio seating area. Great view of the fountain of Bellagio. Staff kinda hit and miss. Last time our server was great and very attentive but this time not so much. I mean he polite enough but not very good. 

Overall my experience was good.Stumbled upon this place last year during a Vegas trip. We had originally planned on dinning at another steakhouse but they closed early and that's when we saw Mon Ami Gabi and they were still opened. 

Last month I visited Vegas again and decided to have dinner on a Friday night. We did not have reservations because we already had made reservations for another steakhouse for Saturday but we were craving steaks on Friday so of course we came here.

The wait time was about 35 minutes and when we were seated, we were helped right away. The steaks and the sides were soooo delicious. And the view was beautiful as well. Definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a delicious meal at a reasonable price.I have been here a number of times and I always have a good experience...especially after UNLVino.  I love the Steak Bearnaise with frites and drinks from the bar...see Adrienne (sp)?Until last night I had only been to Mon Ami Gabi for business lunches.  We'd sit on the patio overlooking the strip and I'd order good food, but be green with envy of all the people who were there just for the pleasure of it.  I adore my clients and enjoy their company very much, but lets face it, its not the same as a cozy, romatic dinner for two.

I didn't get the romance last night, but did have dinner on the patio with another client, who I also consider a friend.  We got there around 6:30 and were seated on the patio after just a few minutes wait.  We apparently arrived just in time because it was packed.  Like other yelpers have mentioned, there's great people watching because you are literally sitting right above the strip.......and having the water fountains at Bellagio across the street adds to the ambience and uniqueness of being in Las Vegas.  Unfortunately we only got to see one show because the wind interferred.   But the wind (I'd call it more of a breeze) felt great and the weather was perfect.  We ordered a bottle of Sancerre, which always makes me happy, and it was the perfect wine to enjoy underneath the setting sun (hmmmmm, this does sound kind of romantic, doesn't it?).  For an appetizer, we ordered the steamed artichoke, which was very good with a lemon mayo for dipping and for dinner I had the scallops atop a cauliflower mash and spinach.  My friend had the skate, which was perfect too.  We also ordered a side of roasted beets, which is where the one slip up happened with us.  Our server forgot to bring it until we were pretty much through with dinner, so they didn't charge us for it.....and it was yummy. 

Finding a fabulous meal in Las Vegas is very easy.  Finding one that doesn't cost over $100 per person is not.  Our total dinner came out to around $150 including the wine and the tip.  What adds to this being such a great value is that it is one of the only places (that I know of) where you can sit outside right on Las Vegas Boulevard.  If you are in Las Vegas for vacation, then this will certainly enhance that feeling of being in the center of things.  There's Trader Vic's next door, but its a totally different vibe....more of a lounge/bar than a restaurant patio.Came here with a few friends as a "formal dinner night". An excuse to try a new place, an excuse to dress nice, and have a nice dinner with friends that came from out of town to visit. 

We had reservations made and were quickly seated soon after arrival. We had been taken to a table inside. but upon request, we were able to get a table by the window to have a nice view of the bellagio fountains and the outside. 

Service was really good, and the waiter was very attentive and knowledgable. With an introduction of the day's specials as well as recommendations, it helped on deciding what to order. 

For myself, i had ordered a Hor D'oeurves (id just call it an appetizer) and an Steak Frites (entree xD).

Wild Escargots De Bourgogne - Oven-Roasted Snails in a garlic herb butter. VERY buttery and herb filled. Escargot tasted great and seasoned perfectly. The garlic herb butter was DELICIOUS and went extremely well with the complimentary bread that was served. Before i knew it, i was cleaning the escargot tray with the bread, not a drop of garlic herb butter was left ! mmm ! yummy ! 

Bearnaise Steak Frites w/ classic bearnaise sauce - Thin cut of steak with a mountain (not exagerating, there was a seemingly endless amount) of hand-cut fries. As for the steak, i had ordered medium rare. Come out a little more towards medium to medium well. Didn't really give it too much thought. The cut was quite thin. To get it seared on each side and edges, already puts it quite cooked. The bearnaise sauce was pretty good. Creamy, slighty sour, bright flavored sauce. Matched the steak pretty well. The hand cut fries were thinly cut and fried. Given a large amount. I dont think i finished it

Overall, for the price of everything, the view, and the ambiance and experience. It was really good. With the weather allowing, it would be great to sit outsideAlways perfection on my taste buds here.  Got the half order of mussels in white wine, French onion soup (perfectly seasoned and crisp cheese overflowing baked on bowl a plus),  pear endive salad (not bad), and delish vanilla hot latte.. Made it perfect for breakfast!Stayed at Paris hotel and tried this place for my friends 21st birthday dinner!

Attire: dress a bit fancier than casual/classy
Location: the view overlooks the Bellagio water show and under the Paris hotel which gives it the ideal Vegas ambience. 
Price: depends what you order, we ordered a lemon martini and the chicken entree - $40

The chicken plate had mashed potatoes, some greens, a chicken that was good but didn't stand out significantly to me. The veggies are raw and the mashed potatoes was my favorite thing on the plate!

I'm pretty picky when it comes to meat because I've been a vegetarian almost my entire life up until 4 years ago. My palette is just extremely picky hence the 4 stars.

The service is good and professional. He suggested the dirty martini for us, which was one of the best martinis I've ever had (lots of alcohol)! Haha 

Overall, I would try this place again but probably order a different entree. Same martini. Come here for a special occasion. Food - B 
Service - A
Drinks - A
Location - A+I came to Mon Ami Gabi with a local restaurant manager who knew people so my experience may have been better than average.  Our meal was perfect, our service was great, and our prime seat outside at the railing on The Las Vegas Strip made the scenery priceless.

I didn't order.  Neither did my friend.  We just let the waiter take control.  He brought salads, appetizers, and delicious steaks all paired with various wines.  This was very nice because I certainly don't go that deep normally.  And then there was dessert...everything was perfect.  The only thing they didn't provide that I could have used was a complimentary Rascal scooter to help me back to the hotel.  I was stuffed.

I came back for drinks a 2nd time and had a nice experience at the bar.  The place as a whole is more on the formal side, but I went in casual attire once and didn't feel uncomfortable.

Mon Ami Gabi (Moan ahmee gahbee is how I say it) is located inside the Paris hotel.  It is toward the front of the property, but you cannot enter from The Strip.  You must walk into the casino to gain access.  Don't try to jump the rail outside if you have had too much to drink as that would be tres uncool.  The outdoor seating is unique and is highly recommended unless it is during the day or raining.  I went on a hot night and sat outside, but didn't feel hot.

Park for free in the hotel lot if you have a car.Breakfast was delicious! You definitely get the Paris romantic feel, if you eat outside. Our waitress was friendly, helpful, and went out of her way to make sure we were happy. (Thanks Amy!)For me - Vegas is an experience for all the senses. By balancing tasty eats, a show or two, some cocktails, shopping and slots, I feel I walk away having a complete and lovely experience. It's about exploring, while keeping splurges in check and minding some sort of budget. I'm always on the lookout for new culinary delights.

That said, 5 years ago during my first trip to Vegas, my family set out to multiple steakhouses to find the perfectly aged, and scrumptious steak. We went everywhere. My pops spent some silly money, but wasn't blown away yet. On a lark, near the end, we tried Mon Ami Gabi. The filet mignon and escargot...and I kid you not...we were still telling people about it 5 years later! So, naturally, I was a bit nervous to return as I had relived the ecstasy in that meal over and over in my head and was fearful a second return trip would not deliver in the same fashion.

Thankfully, it did!

The filet mignon once again, melted in my mouth. The meat had a wonderful sear on the outside and was cooked perfectly to my preferred medium to medium rare temp. We had made reservations, so our seat for two at the windows was picturesque. It was sunset and following a renewal of our vows. Watching the fountains and the sky change colors was incredibly romantic. I could tell my hubby was a little envious of my filet mignon, he opted to save $10 and go with a cheaper cut (what a sweetie) so I made sure to give him plenty of bites. The mashed potatoes were the perfect compliment to my meat. My hubby went for the sweet potato mash which wasn't the best combo with his blue cheese topping, but it wasn't a disaster in any sense. He still really enjoyed his steak and the flavors (just didn't do much of his sweet mash with it). 

Our service was good and her assistant (who cleared and refilled) was very attentive and kind. Our server also brought us a mini dessert free of charge in honor of our wedding renewal. It was divinely sweet (and we definitely tipped her more for the gesture).

We'll definitely be returning in the future. Yum.

PROS
Views!
Filet Mignon (If memory serves, I may have licked the plate when no one was looking)
Location - Central on strip
Price - Very reasonable when compared to other "steak" orientated establishments. Steaks are in 20s and 30s. Bargain in Vegas.

CONS
Chain (I think? I love supporting non-chain when possible)
Two of my escargots were grittyEvery time we come to Vegas, we go there for lunch. This time we had salmon tartare, which was great. Baked goat cheese was simply amazing, and is one of their famous appetizers. I had crape with cheese which was good, and hubby had lobster roll, which was pretty good as well. The only thing I didn't like was their Bloody Mary, but as long as the food is good, I can live with that :) Service could have been slightly better, I think they forgot about us for a brief moment. So 4 stars this time.Service AND food is amazing. Staff went out of their way to accommodate our 2 straggling guests. We were seated outside on the patio in a premium location. Our server made us comfortable while we waited for the stragglers (we did have reservations on Sunday-an off night for this establishment.) Specials included The Wellington (holy sh*t ballz this was amazing) and butternut squash soup. My mom tried the soup and I had a taste and it -- was PURE PERFECTION just like the french onion soup. 
Our party of six all ordered the ribeye (except me I got the amazing Wellington) and two ordered rare. We had rare snobs at the table and they actually were blown away at how good the meat was prepared (these people just want the meat to hit the grill for 2 seconds and call it cooked so...)
Mom and Dad blown away at this fine dining experience. You pay the prices because you are getting top notch service AND french cuisine. 

P.S.-The banana foster and classic profiteroles (my fav) are so good you will want to save room!

I love this restaurant. This review was based of of my third experience however the previous two experiences were just as pleasant! Try Vouvre with your meal as well -- won't be disappointed!The restaurant was very dark but had a nice view of the strip. Probably a really nice place to eat on the patio during the summer. Decent view of the Bellagio fountain show, even though there are a bunch of big ass trees in the way!! That's all on Bellagio though... 

Got the hanger steak and it was really good. Escargo was decent as well. Service was ok and so were the prices. 

Go here for a classy, nice meal for an above average price.Delicious food.  Have tried about 3 different lunch items, and 4 breakfast items.  Never been dissatisfied.  Service USUALLY great, but not every time if they're busy.  I recommend this place to everyone I run into - especially for the Salmon (or traditional Eggs) Benedict, with it's perfectly delicate hollandaise sauceOne of the best restaurant on the strip in terms of affordability, view and taste. I really like their patio seating as you can see the bellagio fountain, but there usually is a small wait. Food is generous and their steaks are great. I also really like their salmon salad as well. You can spend big or small at Mon Ami Gabi and walk away feeling awesome.

PS, love their bread as well! Everything is delicious.Amazing place and can't beat the service, environment, view, and price. I had an amazing time here on my date. Will define tally be coming back. One if my favorite spots in the strip.I don't typically eat at places like Mon Ami Gabi, as my palette is not so refined. I consider myself a more simple and easy to pronounce food eater. However, my friends decided to take me here as part of a recent birthday brunch, and I am glad they did. The food was good, and our server super sweet and attentive. I will say this Mon Ami Gabi is pricey! But what isn't in Vegas. With that said, the portion sizes were good and we each left full. I went with a simple burger that I had them cover in grilled mushrooms; it was cooked very well. The fries are super shredded which is a bit weird for those of us who order fries and expect... well... a basic plate of fries, but as I said, I am a simple kinda gal. Oh and the most important treat, Mon Ami Gabi offers, a great view of the water show at the Bellagio directly across the street! So even though a bit fancy for my taste Moni Ami Gabia offers a good plate of food and very strong mimosas. I would say it is worth checking out. Happy Food Hunting!Excellent spot that is a must try while in Vegas. We booked a same day lunch reservation in the morning on open table for a window table with a view of the Bellagio Fountains. Thank you fellow Yelpers. Everything we tried was excellent. Chicken Liver Mousse Pate, Merlot and Classic Steak and Frites Rare, Prime Steak Sandwich and the lunch special Gourmet Grilled Cheese and tomato soup. Plus best Bloody Mary's I've had in a long long time. 
Skip the buffets and enjoy a real meal. $145 for 4 entrees, one appetizer, and 5 drinks I thought was money well spent.This is one of my favorite restaurants here in LV. Today I tried the gluten free eggs Benedict, instead of bread it's replaced with a garbanzo bean crouton topped with avocado poached egg and a beautiful green vert sauce. This was ahhhhmazing!! I highly recommend for the GF community. I always have to get a side of the date glazed bacon .  My husband was kind enough to order GF apple cinnamon waffles because I wanted a taste this came with fresh sauté apples and homemade whip creme again fantastic!! They blow me away!! I'm leaving Vegas today with a wonderful experience. Our server could have been more attentive the servers kinda huddle around chatting which is a shame we needed coffee refills had to catch the bus boy. Over all going to keep coming back because of culinary experience. My compliments to the Chef and the kitchenbravo bravo!!!Decoration: beautiful view of the bellagio

Food: Could be biased due to beautiful atmosphere and the view of bellagio but it was fantastic.

Service: Little bit on the slow endThis is a MUST STOP brunch spot for every trip I take to Las Vegas! The service is always wonderful, the food is impeccable, and the gorgeous patio views of the strip is an added perk. It's one of the gems on the strip where the quality of the food far outweighs the price that you pay for it. 

I always order the Croque Monsieur (around $13 and a couple of people could split the plate). Frankly, it's so delicious that I never have the desire to stray from it. It's wonderfully toasted and the combination of cheese and ham are present in the perfect ratio so either flavor isn't too over-whelming. The hand-cut fries that are included with the plate are seasoned and fried to perfection! 

My most recent visit was particularly memorable. Mark Z. was our server and he was extremely attentive, pleasant, and actually cared about having a conversation with us (quite refreshing considering we are in our early 20's). We showed up around 9am on a Sunday and were able to be seated right away on the patio which had a direct view of the Bellagio fountains. 

We started our meal with the baked goat cheese (about $12) and I can definitely say that I will never skip ordering this delicious plate from this point on. The tomato sauce was perfectly thick and creamy, the goat cheese was some of the best I have ever tasted, and the generous serving of garlic bread was perfectly buttery and crispy. My mouth is literally watering just thinking about it! 

My boyfriend said the coffee that he ordered was some of the best he has ever tasted... so that's highly recommended! 

All in all, this place is absolutely incredible and I recommend it to every single person that I know that is taking a Vegas vacation! Kudos, Mon Ami, Gabi!Much better than expected - best French Onion soup ever, and I've tasted a lot.  Wonderful bread, wine list, seafood or ham/cheese crepes and service by able Stephanie.Took my teen daughter here for dinner over Spring Break. Smart mom made reservations ahead of time on Yelp (Yay! I'm a fan.), had my daughter look at the menu beforehand because she takes forever to make up her mind. Our hotel shuttle dropped us off at the Mirage and we trekked for what seemed like miles (Strip was jam-packed with moderately drunken revelers) until we spotted the red awning. We were famished and decided not to request a patio table - had enough of the riff raff  and wanted a quieter setting. It was hopping at 6:45pm so I'm glad I made that reservation! Quickly shown our table, bread plopped down in a timely manner, martini was ice cold (Yay! I'm a fan.) and server was attentive throughout. We both had salads (she the house, me the pear endive). She had the salmon, I had the steak bordelaise. Her fish was melt-in-your-mouth perfect. My steak was okay, not as great as I'd hoped it would be. Couldn't be bothered with the frites, would rather have a seasonal vegetable, but whatever. After a second martini (Yay! I'm a little tipsy.), the bill came to around $125.00, gratuity included. For a special treat, Mon Ami Gabi is worth it. Would definitely return.this has got to be one of those "don't miss" things in Vegas.  Sitting outside on the strip eating a wonderful breakfast.  My wife and i were there for our anniversary.  We stopped here on our way to city center and we were thrilled!.  The service is great and the food choices plentiful.  We drank cappuccino's, champaign and ate well. i really to recommend this place as a classic Vegas experience.The food was wonderful, the service excellent,    and the people watching along the strip.....no less than superb !!!!!!Me and my husband wanted to have a special meal while we were just stopping in Vegas for the night, and we weren't dissappointed after reading the reviews first of our hotel's restaurant here. I was absolutely craving seafood, and we noticed they had a dinner for 2 of lobster, shrimp, tuna sashimi, and fresh oysters- it was DEVINE! We had our neighbor diners gapping at the tray full of seafood they brought us. Everything was fresh and flavorful, and actually really reasonably priced for what it was (it was the couple of drinks we had that made our bill pricey).  The atmosphere was cozy, dark and romantic inside, just like a French bistro should be, and the service was spectacular. It was the perfect experience, and I can't wait to go back next time we're in Vegas.Pretty awesome place with a great view of the fountains of Belagio! The food is delish; definitely recommend the egg benedict. We had the egg Benedict special which fucking awesome. I thought through service was awesome given how busy the place is.Make reservations on Opentable.com and you'll be happier.  If you're patient, ask to sit outside, or near the patio.  

The lighting on the inside is insanely dark, and if you're placed in the corner, you have to use your cell phone light to read the menu.  Some may call it romantic, but I call it a pain in the butt.

For their signature steaks, they use their own "cut" of meat.  Whatever cut it is, its pretty tasty and I don't know if its tender because they beat the crap out of it, or tenderize it with seasoning.  I don't ask... I just eat it, hoping its not old meat, that's creatively cooked.

Its not the most expensive steak house, but its also not coffee shop cheap.  Dinner for 2 will set you back $70, and unfortunately they don't let you pay with your Total Rewards points.We love this restaurant due to it's food and location. Located in the shadow of Paris and directly across the street from the Bellagio and its fountains, you get a great view of the busy Las Vegas and the Fountains when it dances to music.

It has been a couple of years since we were here, but I still remember vividly the delicious tomato salad with salmon I got. The salmon was cooked perfectly so it's still moist and the tomatoes were of a variety of colors and seasoned just right. In addition, we had escargots, baked brie and a couple of entrees.

All the dishes we ordered were good, the service is good and the view, that view is magnificent. You can't go wrong eating here.For a restaurant on the strip, I come here pretty often along with Todd English Olives. I'm usually here for dinner so I can't say much for brunch. Be sure to make a reservation to avoid long waits. Patio seating is great for a view of the Bellagio fountain. I'm usually here for the steak, sea scallops, or mussles. Other things on the menu, I haven't found anything else too impressive yet. The onion soup can be disappointing. Escargot was disappointing. 

The few times I was here for weekend brunch, the food was alright but nothing too memorable. However, I've had cheaper and better brunch off the strip so I don't bother with brunch here.I very much enjoyed my experience at Mon Ami Gabi!

First off, I have to say it is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas for ambiance alone. The indoor/ outdoor patio has monolithic glass windows adorned with radiant natural light. It is beautiful inside...The French bread is warm, authentic and brought immediately to the table... The restaurant is a bit over priced in my taste, but when you want a lovely place for lunch or brunch, it's worth the higher cost.  I very much enjoyed my French mussels and Belgian beer..  along with some delicious coffee to get the day going... : ) 

Great for special occasions or bringing your parents.  The indoor/outdoor patio also a nice view of the strip where you can watch all the tourists go by.I have been here a couple of times and it's a great restaurant with an amazing view.  Ask to be seated outside as they have a view of the Bellagio water show, and they have heaters so you can sit outside even in the winter.  It's the perfect spot for a couple or friends.  Breakfast or dinner.  It's all doable.  Upside to this is there cheapest item on the menu ($12.95) which the burger is to die for, and so is everything else on the menu.  No complaints from the service or the food.  I definitely recommend.Grabbed a very quick breakfast here this morning. I'm let them know I needed to be out in 45 minutes, and they were able to accommodate. Great service, great food. Try the frisée salad.Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast. This is a winner!  We had breakfast here 3 times during our recent trip to Las Vegas. The Steel Cut Oatmeal is a huge portion that is served with sweet raisins. Absolutely wonderful! The Date Glazed Thick Cut Bacon leaves you looking forward to the next visit. We drove down from our hotel at the MGM GRAND to have our breakfast. Once again, Mon Ami Gabi delivers a fantastic dining experience.!!!Another solid meal at Mon Ami Gabi.  Had the goat cheese appetizer, and the beef bourguignon, and my fiancé had the filet merlot with frites.  Both were good.  Had the chocolate mousse as a dessert, and it was OK.  Again, this is a good place for a nice sit down meal that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.I loved my dinner here!

When I found our we were going to Vegas for a work meeting, I did my research to decide where I wanted to eat. Now Vegas has a ton of fantastic restaurants, most of them steak house themed, but I wanted something different. I opted for French. 

Mon Ami Gabi is located in the Paris resort, tucked away in the front corner. 

After perusing the menu, I went with the crock of French onion soup, the mussels appetizer ( soak up the sauce with your French bread) and the trout almandine. All of it was fantastic! 

I was stuffed but still managed to order a slice of strawberry shortcake to go. This too was perfectly baked and had the light texture that SS should have. 

When back in Vegas, I'll take another trip to Paris and eat at Mon Ami Gabi.I came here on the 20th with my boyfriend for our anniversary. We came because it seemed nice, not crazy expensive (it is Vegas-so pretty much everything is expensive!), and I had heard we could watch the fountains at the Bellagio if we requested the patio. We waited about an hour for the patio because it was a busy night, but we didn't care because the slot machines are right outside so we got to play a bit before we ate! The ambiance was really romantic, the service was excellent- our busser Nester was seriously on top of things with drinks, and the food was to die for. He got the steak bourdelaise, and I had the filet mingnon merlot, both with whipped potatoes. I highly recommend both. Our steaks were perfectly cooked and pretty much melted in our mouths! We also had the waiters wine recommendation, which was lovely, and the creme brûlée. Best creme brûlée I've had in a while! Also, I felt like the wait was worth it for the food, and the fountains did really help to make our special night even more special.I have been here at one time or another for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Each time, the food has been incredible.  The service has always been tremendous.  The people that give this place bad reviews have no clue as to what good French food is.Great food and ambience! I love being able to sit right on the Strip and people watch while noshing on the most delicious ham and cheese crepe I've ever tried! The butternut squash quiche was pretty good, too, but the crepes are to-die-for!Mon Ami Gabi, such a lovely little restaurant! We came here for dinner over the weekend and loved this place. The staff were friendly, helpful, and attentive. The food was wonderful. The baguette and fresh butter with dinner were delicious. I ordered the vegetable farcis (goat cheese stuffed vegetables with moist, flavorful quinoa and a sweet tomato sauce) and my fiance got the chicken grandmere (half of a roast chicken with mushrooms/bacon and mashed potatoes). Both were incredible dishes. This was the first restaurant I've been to with a quinoa dish and they cooked it so perfectly. I will absolutely be coming back here for another dinner.TEN stars out of 5!!!!  This place was awesome!  We came here on a Thursday night around 9pm, so there was no wait at all.  Plus, it was Dec. 18th, which I guess is historically one of the slowest times in Vegas.  Anyway, our server went ahead and gave some recommendations for entrees and man, am I glad I went with his suggestions!  My husband and I both ordered the filet with Merlot butter reduction.  I am not even joking, this is most likely the best meal I have ever had in my life.  The filet was PERFECT.  Super tender, moist, and absolutely delicious when coupled with the merlot sauce!  The super thin fries are really interesting.  We also shared a plate of garlic spinach (which, btw, was definitely big enough for 2 to share) which was quite tasty.  For dessert, we got the chocolate mousse which was also excellent!  The service was great.  Our server offered for us to have a taste of the wine we were considering buying a bottle of....and that was indeed a great idea since we liked it a lot and bought the bottle.  

Ambiance is very nice and you can't beat an evening view of the Bellagio fountains!  We sat inside right by the window.  We couldn't hear the music when the fountain show was on, but oh well.  That's a very minor drawback.  

Overall, it was absolutely fabulous.  Next time we're in Vegas, we are definitely coming back here!The BEST meal we had in Vegas. Went for breakfast and got scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and fruit. My fiancé got the crepes. Everything was amazing. I am not a bacon person but that bacon is awesome. And you can't beat the view sitting outside watching the fountains. Way to go!My family and I had lunch here and all enjoyed it.  My dad said he would definitely choose to come here again.  We sat out on the patio which had a decent view of the Bellagio fountains but it was super hot.  They do a good job of shading the tables over but if you get even a little bit of sun you may start melting.  Our waiter was very friendly and super helpful, especially when my mom asked for one of their recipes.  You know you're in for a good meal when the baguette is delicious.  We had the baked goat cheese appetizer which was superb.  We tried the chicken and brie sandwich, salmon sandwich, chicken paillard, and salmon salad.  They were all a hit.  Our waiter said they are known for their steaks so that is what I want to try next time I come here.  Looking forward to trying this place again next time I'm in Vegas!Mon Ami Gabi brunch menu reminds me of SF's Grand Cafe menu. The quiches and French toast plates are comparable to a 3-star menu.

The awesome view of the Bellagio water show from the outdoor patio kicks up a star. Of course the patio is great for people watching and sun-soaking.

The fifth star is from the "bom digi bom di deng di deng digigi uu uuu" Bloody Mary and the full veggie bar with delicious cured carrot sticks, crispy celery sticks, several different olives, a dozen of hot sauces, and best of all, beef jerky to stash in your Bloody Mary.Holy cow this place has the most tender, the juiciest and most perfectly cooked stake ever! Even their mashed potatoes rule! We came in with a gigantic group of 16 and although we were seated at 2 separate tables, it still worked out fine. Our waitress was super nice and cheerful. We started off with some fresh baked French bread with butter and weird but delicious shredded carrots. Then the entree follows. They serve flat water in cute bottles and even their flat water tasted like Dasani haha. I loved this place and will definitely be back!A wonderful breakfast/brunch experience. Menu is varied, but dedicated to french inspired cuisine. The food pays close attention to detail and offers fresh ingredients and creative cuisine. Service is good and the restaurant can accommodate large parties. I highly encourage you to try Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast.Fast service and great food. We were seated right away for table of two. They gave us bread with this wonderful tasting butter. I order the egg Benedict and my husband ordered the French toast. Both were very good. Food came out really fast given that the restaurant was packed. Service was great!! Will come back.Ate at Mon Ami Gabi for Dinner. I made the reservation via Yelp/Open Table. We had:

Carafe of "Frangria": sweet, refreshing french version of sangria

Baked Cheese: it was okay. tangy tomato sauce with a soft baked cheese in the middle served with a baguette baked with butter and herbs. It was alright, but should've stuck with the french onion soup.

Bordelaise Steak and Frites: Thin steak that was perfectly prepared medium as requested. Frites were fresh and crispy. 

Bone-in Rib Eye and Frites: Flavorful and tender 22oz steak served with a side of Bernaise sauce. I didn't need the sauce since the steak was so flavorful. Frites were delicious and addicting.

Our dining experience was great. Service was helpful however "quiet. Sorry, no dessert as we were stuffed. I recommend that you try sitting on the patio for the people watching action. Vegas never ceases to amaze with stupid human behavior. Watch the Bellagio water show on the patio too.Wonderful experience. The waitress was so very attentive and really knew her business. 

Started with a plate of the most delicate and delicious oysters.

We had the prix fixe meal with a tasty French onion soup (her) and one of the best dinner salads I have ever had. Perfectly dressed.

We each had steak frites. Classique (her) and dijon (me). The steaks were cooked perfectly.

Finished off with a small dessert of fresh butter cookies with chocolate sauce and a small crem brulee. 

Particulierement bon!We were able to get a seat on the patio right away on winter Sat night. The heat lamp was good, though we got cold from time to time from the breeze. The server was excellent, and so was the food. We got the chicken liver mousse, which was good. The Filet Mignon was good as well, but our favorite was the Skate Wing, which was excellent! It melts in your mouth and has great flavor!My husband and I came here after Jersey boys. We couldn't stop talking about our great experience afterwards. The food was delicious, the service was above average, and the atmosphere was the perfect Las Vegas experience: It was like we were sitting at a Paris Café peeking into the crazy world of Las Vegas with the Bellagio fountain and all the crazy tourists streaming by. I'll give this place five stars if they match this great experience every time we visit. At 11 PM on Saturday we were seated immediately on the patio.This restaurant is an ABSOLUTE must while in Las Vegas. Make sure to request patio seating even if the wait is long. Apart from the ambience you get front row view to the spectacular Bellagio Fountain show. The food is absolutely sublime. I always say you can judge a restaurant by the quality of their bread...in this case it's top quality. They serve a large warm fresh baguette right to your table. The best part is how the food is not only deliciously savory, but the prices are outstanding for a restaurant of such quality. Consider the divine nicoise fish. Save room for desert!My husband and I were looking for a hearty breakfast that would help us recover from the night before. Mon Ami Gabi was within walking distance of the Aria, which is where we were staying. We got there around 7:45am and they were just starting to set up the tables on the patio. Considering we were going to be at the pool all day, I didn't mind sitting inside.

Everything on the menu looked so delicious. I decided to get the French Toast with a side of crispy bacon. The French Toast was topped with blueberries, blueberry syrup, and fresh whipped cream. It was sooo delicious! The portions were pretty big, so I gave the other piece to my husband. He agreed that I ordered the better dish. He was trying to be all healthy and what not by getting the Turkey & Egg White Omelette. Lesson learned. The bacon was good, but could have been a little crispier in IMO.

The service was great. We were in and out within an hour. I just found out there is a Mon Ami Gabi in the DC area, so I will definitely be checking it out!Sit on the patio if you can! We sat half in and half out on the patio where it was nicely air conditioned. The food was great and our server was wonderful. We ordered everything he suggested and he was very spot on! We only came for brunch so I cant vouch for dinner.This is one of the best in Las Vegas. You have idea how the great food they have and incredible price. Love thereAwsome view of Bellagio water fountain, very kind hosts
Steak is very bad. Scallope is good.Place was phenomenal ate there with my friends on vacation and we wanted to have one fancy meal together. Coming from New York i expected a nice french restaurant like this to break the bank however it was actually very reasonably priced. Food was amazing the waiter brought us some delicious wine that he recommend the steak and frites were perfect. Furthermore, the place gave a wonderful baguette to start which was very typical french and the escargot and onion soup were all amazing. I will definitely return to this place on my next trip to vegas.I was in Vegas on a work trip and stopped in for dinner with a co-worker.  Great menu selection, we enjoyed everything we ordered and a really diverse wine list.  It was freezing when I was there so we sat in the interior patio with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.Excellent food! We had to return for round 2 during our week in Vegas! Blue berry french toast and corned beef hash were amazing! Can't wait to go again!Had never been here before Sunday night.  Right across from the Bellagio, you can sit inside or out on the patio and see the water show. I was with the guys, but seemed like a nice place inside for a romantic interlude.. darkly lit, with old world decorations and high ceilings.. believe there was a fireplace as well.. you get the picture.  We had a 40 minute wait for the patio.  Food was xlnt.    For cocktails the waitress recommended a French Martini, sounded good, tasted fantastic, but failed to check on cost and it was $12.95 for one drink!  OK it was super fantastic, (gee I need to make more money).. Shared a baked cheese appetizer, table loved it, I had the scallops with a pureed mushroom sauce, best scallops I had ever eaten. Think they were $23.. Lovely.. would not hesitate to return ..this is a steak house, but no one tried a steak, one guy dieting had soup, another had the fish and chips which was a flat fillet rather than the breaded chunky pieces you usually see.  Everything was excellent, bill was $180 for 3, which included 3 cocktails and 2 glasses of wine and a shared dessert.Happy Birthday to my best friend!! We made reservations for 8 people and they seated us in a greenhouse area, which has amazing lightning and a great view of the Bellagio fountains. 

They start us off with giant loaves of bread and butter. The bread was so addicting and so delicious; I probably ate through one whole loaf myself. We all started off with the CHARCUTERIE & CHEESE PLATTER. It says it serves 2 or more, but we shared it among the 8 of us and there were leftovers! The platter is set, so there's no options to choose your cheese or meat. The cheese were pretty basic - blue, brie, and goat cheese, I expected more. The unique thing was that the platter came with 3 different pates, all pretty good. For entrees, I shared the BEARNAISE STEAK FRITES. The steak was cooked well and the bearnaise sauce reminded me of a hollandaise sauce. Plus, the frites were like thin In-N-Out fries! The CASARECCIA PASTA was very light in flavor, but I did like the choice of pasta! Between the SALMON and the TROUT ALMONDINE, the salmon was definitely better. The trout was a little too salty, while the salmon was cooked and seasoned perfectly. 

The restaurant is very beautiful, service is pretty good, and they offer free dessert for your birthday! They're known for their steak frites, and that's what I would put my money on! I definitely need to come back for brunch though because I heard that's where it's at!I had to write a review just to say their smoked salmon is to die for! A must try!! Food was delicious, we had an order of their oysters, smoked salmon, corned beef hash w/poached eggs and the steak bordelaise (bomb!), Only problem was that the service fell a little short (I'm guessing because it's LDW) but overall a great place.Pretty good ambiance. Wait time was only ten minutes to get patio seating. You can people watch and see the bellagio fountain show. The food was decent. Got the caramelized onion steak but it was pretty thin cut. The flavor was a little lacking but I liked the tenderness.Just returned here after a business trip. Stayed at Paris so had no reason not to go here due to it's convenience. Well, we wound up eating here three times because it was so good. I have been here before and didn't remember it to be as delicious, but we had breakfast here twice and lunch once. My husband (this totally shocked me) thought the service and ambience was better than at Del Friscos. Cudos to Nicole and Peter, our servers who were great. It is lovely to eat outside and people watch.A favorite late lunch spot! Views of the bellagio water feature. (It doesn't start spouting until 3, so plan accordingly!)
Crepes, seafood, salads, sandwiches-- I've literally had it all over the years. I always look forward to spending an afternoon here. 
Service is always good, in spite of the fact that the place is always packed! 
I love the wine/champagne cart! 
Go have a long leisurely late lunch, complete with fun drinks and water feature views, of course follow that up with a nice nap!My husband and I enjoyed dinner here on Sunday evening. The atmosphere is classic French with an indoor/outdoor feel. The meal started with a warm baguette and soft butter. Then I had a warm goat cheese salad with sun dried tomatoes. The goat cheese was some of the best I've ever had - perfectly creamy and tangy!
My husband had the beef wellington served in a delicious buttery pastry with garlic spinach on the side.
For dessert we shared profiteroles filled with vanilla ice cream and topped with warm hot fudge. It was a wonderful indulgence!
I highly recommend coming here for a reasonably priced, romantic meal.We made breakfast reservations and were seated inside.  I'm unsure of what it would take to get a coveted patio seat.  I was very happy with our table, as it was away from the crowd and it was a windy day.  

The menu is full of Parisian breakfast fare, and it was difficult to decide what to get.  Upon the recommendation from our waitress we ordered the banana, Nutella, and hazelnut crepes to share with the table.  They were phenomenal and perfectly done.  My standard eggs Benedict was savory and delicious.  The coffee was abundant and rich.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and not much was said once we got the food, which is a sign of a great meal.  I will definitely come back again.Delicious!  Great service. Sat on the patio facing strip as we and shared steak fritte, eggs Benedict and oysters.  Everything was well well seasoned and delicious including the French loaf that comes with your meal.  Will be a must anytime U go to VegasI am normally averse to eateries on the Strip because I am of the opinion that they tend to be more bark than bite, and prices tend to be inflated too. But after a long day of hiking, we wanted something close by, which is to say we were hungry, it was late, and options were becoming limited. So we settled on Mon Ami Gabi. I've stayed at the Paris before, and walked by this place many times, but it never really caught my eye. I'm glad it did this time.

We got here at 9:15 pm, with a reservation, but still had to wait 10 minutes or so, which wasn't terrible. The place looks like a French cafe, with incredibly tightly packed tables. There is a constant din from the other diners, and this being Vegas, the din is alcohol and tourist fueled. There was a table nearby of retirees singing Do You Know the Way to San Jose and another large table where some jackass kept dropping F bombs until he had food in his mouth. I kid you not. Ask for a seat on the patio, where you'll have a front row view of the Bellagio fountain. 

As soon as you're seated, a baguette with whipped butter appears PDQ, but because it was so busy, the rest of the service tended to be a bit slow. Don't let that discourage you from coming here though! 

For appetizers, we had the jumbo lump crab cake and mussels mariniere. The crab cake was literally just one little crab cake, served with a celery salad and a sauce gribiche, which is like an aioli. The gribiche was delicious, and the crab cake was decent, but was obviously overmixed. The lump crab was unmercifully beaten into shreds. The mussels however, were fantastic! They were huge, plump, and juicy, served in a delicious white wine and butter herb sauce. They must have been Mediterranean mussels, since blue mussels don't get this big. 

We also tried the seared salmon and steak roquefort. The salmon was cooked to perfection, flaky, but still moist. I was impressed with their technique, though I am pretty sure it was farmed Atlantic salmon, as the flavor was tame. But still, it was a good piece of fish. 

But this place is known for its steak frites, so I had to have a steak, and I chose the steak roquefort. All of the steak frites, save for those steaks specifically identified as another cut, are top sirloin, which for my money is among the beefier cuts of meat. Top sirloin is sometimes a bit tough, though not here. My steak was pounded so thin it only had one side to it! But it was amazingly moist and tender (ordered medium rare), and the roquefort sauce was packed with flavor. Each bite just melted in my mouth!

We finished our meal with a warm flourless chocolate cake, which was also delicious. Deeply chocolatey and moist, but light and fluffy, which is unusual for a cake of this type. It was served with a dollop of whipped cream and some berries, which provided a nice counterpoint to the chocolate.

All in all, this was one of the best meals I had in a while, and Mon Ami Gabi will become one of my regular haunts in Vegas.Beautiful patio views of the Bellagio fountains..both daytime and nighttime. 
Great breakfast place! Egg white turkey omelet is a good healthy choice. I give this place !Had the corned beef hashed with potatoes and a poached egg.  It was delicious!  It came with bread.  Also tried the blueberry waffles with whipped cream.  It was also delicious with a slice of bacon.  Yummy!Mon Ami Gabi was great for dinner.  Our party of three each enjoyed our meals.  The service was fast and friendly and offered great suggestions when asked.  For a great location on the strip, their prices were beyond reasonable.  Will definitely go again when the opportunity arises.Love, love, love Mon Ami Gabi. Killer style and decor, excellent location and views. And most of all, the food. Always very good and never fails to surprise in a good way. This time we had the fish of the day, Atlantic char. Light, flavorful, balanced nicely with spinach and potatoes.  Scallop appetizer was delicious, could have had more scallops. Steak bordelaise got rave reviews. A little too much salt on the chicken paillard.  Washed it down with champagne chilled exactly right. Gabi just puts me and friends in a happy, contented state for hours. What more can you ask?Mon Ami Gabi is a solid choice, if not the best choice for dining on the strip. And by on the strip, I mean RIGHT on the strip. Try to get an outside seat (first come first serve) or be nice to the maître d' to get seating by the windows. You'll get a fantastic view of the Bellagio and its fountains.

I recommend the Trout Amandine and the Chocolate Mousse. The Duck Confit was generous in size and quite tender but saltier than most. For brunch, get a cappuccino in a bowl and enjoy the eggs Benedict or one of the crêpes.

I've been to Mon Ami Gabi several times: an early dinner, a late dinner, and brunch. The first and last example had great service. In the late dinner, there were lots of diners and the service was a weak for a while, but recovered in time for dessert. Prices are, well, to be expected for this prime real estate on the Strip. Trust me, you can do worse. Make a reservation, as they are easy to get sometimes even hours in advance but seats will take a while to get late at night.Read good reviews for Mon Ami - inexpensive (for Vegas), good food, etc. - and it totally lived up to it's expectations! 

Great seating area outside with a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains. Loved this! The space heaters are clutch, too.

We ordered the baked cheese in tomato sauce and wolfed it down. I'm pretty sure we went through 3 baguettes just eating this! The main meals we ordered (chicken and brie sandwich and ham and cheese crepe) were just fine, but the baked cheese stole the show.

Tried gluten free beer too - not bad at all! My only complaint is that the service was a bit slow. Everything else was a great experience. DEFINITELY order the baked cheese!!There was a Mon Ami Gabi around my area in DC, and though I was curious, the menu was never enticing enough.  I eventually moved away without having ever tried it.  I noticed that MAG Las Vegas had a lot of good reviews, so last night we finally dined here.  Wow, I've been srsly missing out.

The menu was basically steak and then everything else.  Unfortunately, we had been grazing all day, so we were not able to order all we wanted.  What we did get:

Mussels- The full order was a little less than $30, and for an appetizer, it was more than enough for the two of us.  To me, the sauce was a little under-salted, but otherwise, very good.  I believe it had some sherry cream base and generous slices of garlic.  It paired really well with our first baguette, which was quite hard.  9/10

Burrata- This is an un-matured cheese...basically, you make a pouch in a mozzarella ball and fill it with curd and cream.  I thought the brininess of the olive tapenade countered the fresh, but otherwise almost neutral  taste of the cheese well.  I asked for more baguette to eat with this, since the three toast points this came with was not enough.  The second baguette was very soft, and I could not get enough of this and the burrata.  I'm very much a fat and carb addict, so I could've eaten this for my entree; it was so good!  My only issue was that at almost $15, this dish was a little over-priced.  9/10

Skate- We chose this as our entree, b/c this is one item that I won't be making at home anytime soon.  In fact, I think the last time we had this was in Kuala Lumpur ages ago.  I just don't see this on the menu in the States much.  And boy, am I glad we ordered it.  The skate was completely deboned and cooked to perfection.  My husband inhaled it so quickly.  He didn't like the fennel salad that came with this.  I could understand b/c the anise flavor of the fennel didn't pair well with skate.  Maybe something more vinegary/tart would've been better.  Licorice and fish just doesn't mesh perfectly.  And the skate could've been seasoned just a touch more.  But this is splitting hairs, b/c the dish was quite stellar.  9/10

I don't usually care much about restaurant ambience/location, but here, it is key.  We somehow got seated front and center to an incredible view of the Bellagio fountains.  It was mind-blowingly incredible!  I think we had the best seat in the house.  We were barely placed inside, at the midpoint of the patio.  If we had been placed on the patio, we would've been to close to the traffic or too exposed.  There was a lamp blocking our otherwise perfect view, but we really didn't think too much about it.  

Service was perfunctory, and I can't complain.  I would be very interested to return and try the steak (just need to come hungry enough).  I'm curious about the chicken, too.  Ina Garten makes such a big deal about french chicken that I'm curious what that is about.  Maybe the trout almondine too since I've never ordered it.  Did I mention the onion soup.  Gah, I'm such a little pig!I've been coming here for breakfast every time I am in Vegas. The food is delicious but the coffee is magical. It's smooth and rich, and as is the case in a few, rare places doesn't require sugar.

The selection of Benedicts is fantastic, the croissant sandwich is to die for and the egg white omelets taste amazing.

The staff is attentive and friendly, the service is excellent and the decor is authentic and quite lovely.This is my second time here and I have not visited in awhile! I remember their patio seating was lovely. However, I was here for a reservation and they seated us quickly. I loved the bread because it was great and it went well. I also ordered the escargot and I dipped it into the bread. It was perfect! I ordered a French onion soup and it was also very good! I ordered the macaroni and cheese and I would say that it is an acquired taste. The creme brûlée was to die for and I absolutely loved this. Our servers were friendly and constantly asked if we needed anything even though the place was packed. I would definitely visit here again!So I am walking through Paris Hotel and stumble upon a jewel... Mon Ami Gabi - the French Steakhouse.  Mon Ami Gabi is located within the Paris Hotel, Las Vegas, Nevada.

As a first time visitor, I had no expectations.  The service, cocktails, appetizers, entree and desert were all superb...  YES... I did say we ate a full course meal!!! LOL

I can't remember the entire menu, but I started with a champagne + grey goose martini, followed by sauteed scallops (appetizer) and the most remarkable tilapia ever.  Who said you should not order seafood at a steakhouse?  I would usually agree, but not for Mon Ami Gabi.

To top off the evening, my girlfriend ordered creme brulee with an additional spoon... I totally indulged.

Don't miss this treat... Mon Ami Gabi is LP Certified...

XoXoMon Ami Gabi is ridiculously charming. I certainly felt like I was in France (Mexican servers gave Vegas away).  Prepare for long lines, but the place is certainly worth it. Patio seating on a first come, first serve basis, while you can reserve a table on OpenTable for the inside seating. 

Although I am generally not a duck fan, I went for Duck Config with Lentils. I must say, I was quite blown away, considering that I don't particularly like duck. The config was juicy, moist and fatty, and the duck was not gamey at all. The green lentils were refreshing and cooked perfectly. 

I also visited Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast. My brioche toast (a side order) was delicious and spinach and goat cheese omelette melted in mouth.My favorite place on the Las Vegas strip !!! I love lunchtime there fresh salads and warm baguette w. butter. Food is always dependable & service is impeccable. Outdoor seating w view of Bellagio water show. I had my wedding reception dinner there and will always remember how great it was. Suzanna is the best waitress hope u get her. Please go and get a view!I had dinner with my mom here on a Friday night around 5:30 and we were seated right away, no wait. 
Service was great, very friendly ,knew the menu and we never waited long for anything. 
First they bring you a warm loaf of bread with butter, crusty and soft just like bread should be. 
We started with the warm goat cheese in marinara with pesto garlic bread, it was delicious and so hard to stop eating . It was a large serving for two.
For our mains I had the Vegetable farcis (five) stuffed veggies on a bed of Quinoa and tomato. It was good, not amazing, egg plant was over cooked and the rest of the stuffed veggies were 1 maybe 2 bites. For a side we shared some garlic spinach which was good. My mom had the trout, it had great flavor and she was very happy with what she had. 
Lastly we shared the profiteroles, a pastry filled with vanilla ice cream and covered with a hot fug sauce. I dont think you can go wrong with that, they were yummy. 
I would go again and sit out side and enjoy the views, people watching and some good food.Mon Ami Gabi is a classic French Bistro done right.  The ambiance reminds you of a Parisian Bistro right down to the tile on the floors to the white table cloths and servers.  It is not at all pretentious.  The food is excellent, if not a little rich.   Try the Nicoise Salad.  The Gintoneria drink is off the chain!A really nice, relaxed setting, especially if you sit outside. We got there too early on a Sunday morning for the Bellagio fountains to be on, which was a shame, but it was still a pleasant place to be. Service was friendly and prompt. The food, overall, was very good. My 5 year old son got a yogurt parfait with cherry compote, which was perhaps too small for adult appetites, but suited him perfectly. My wife enjoyed her breakfast -- I forgot what it was, maybe Eggs Florentine. I was a little disappointed in what I ordered, which was the Egg White Omelette. It was a serious pile of egg whites, with a drizzle of "sauce vert" - a green sauce - on the top. Egg white overload. Really my fault, though, because the dish was as described and I should have made a better choice.

When in Vegas, I'd definitely return to Mon Ami Gabi.There steaks are amazing and for the price even more amazing. I've been to a few good spots here but this is the spot for now:) place is a bit dark at night if I have to say something negative.Every month, our team at work plans a team building event for us to get to know one another outside of the office. For the month of March, we wanted to do it big.  We wanted to experience something out of the norm, somewhere that required a dress up opportunity. There were a few options, however, we all ended up deciding on Mon Ami Gabi for our "Fancy Dinner" event. Boy were we excited!

When you enter the restaurant, you immediately hit the bar area. Along with the hostess stand, you see a bunch of high top tables and bar seating. The place just exudes a romantic vibe! It's located directly under the Vegas version Eiffel Tower and along the strip sidewalk. The lights in the location are dim and intimate, the white table clothes bring the upscale element. Wine glasses on the table sparkled brightly. Man, we were excited! Our table top was on the south end of the restaurant and the corner windows viewed the sidewalk veranda and the tower base. Our server, although I can't remember her name, was super sweet! She was personable and offered some really great appetizers and drinks. What I really liked about her was her efficiency! We had a 13 person party and she was still on it! Our food came out hot and ready in record time! For our apps, drinks and meals, here's what we had:

Chateau Laronde Desormes Bordeaux for $54 a bottle - This wine was on point! It was soft with a sweet finish. Definitely an everyday kind of Bordeaux, something you can drink all the time. This wine went great with my meal!

Warm Brie Cheese for $12.95 - Served with black pepper honey, garlic, hazelnuts, croutons and greens. I love brie. This combination was no different. Whole cloves of roasted garlic enhanced the flavor of the cheese very well. 

Chicken Liver Mousse Pate for $11.95 - First time trying this.  THE BEST THING I HAD THAT NIGHT! Served with burgundy red wine mustard and toast brioche with a garnish of gherkins and olives. The burgundy mustard brought a spicy/tangy element and the mouse was so rich and divine. This is MUST TRY, so delicious!

Baked Goat Cheese for $11.95 - Another great dish. Tomato sauce surrounded the cheese with herb garlic bread. The cheese was super creamy and went well with the tomato profile. 

Seafood Platter for $49.95 - What a platter! Stuffed with shrimp, oysters and lobsters, this dish offered a little bit of everything for everyone! There were various dipping sauces and it was all served over ice. 

Bone in Ribeye for $39.95 - This was my actual dinner. 22oz cut of steak, PERFECTLY cooked to my temperature, served with a bearnaise sauce and their signature hand cut fries. The steak was delicious. The right amount of marbleized meat, perfectly seasoned and packed with flavor and juices. AH-MAZE-ING. The bearnaise sauce was definitely not needed but offered another element. The fries were flat and super crispy. Really helped to break up the meat with a crunchy aspect. 

What a meal! This place has got to be one of the best upscale restaurants I've tried here in Vegas. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for an amazing date night restaurant, team building dinner joint or event a place that serves THE BEST pate! I will for sure be back, time and time again.  Thank you so much, Mon Ami Gabi, for making this evening one that I'll never forget!From friendly staff to the high quality food, this place is a 5 star. Our server Gary was the Best. So patient and funny. It makes your day better by his attitude!!!  highly recommend this place for a great food experiencePERFECT!!  this is the only way to describe our experience this past Saturday night! We had set up our daughter's proposal here and the restaurant put us in the perfect spot near the windows looking across to the Belagio fountain! It made her special night magical! Food and service were fantastic also! Thank you for a perfect night,  you have earned a loyal local customer!!!Wait for a table on the patio.  No matter how long it takes because it is totally worth it.  I am not really a big fan of dining on the strip, but if you have to do it, why not do it outside while enjoying a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and the freaks that come out at night in Las Vegas?

We had the seafood appetizer (whole lobster, oysters, shrimp, tuna tartare, seaweed salad.)  The only thing on this appetizer that wasn't amazing was the seaweed salad.  Worth the $24.95 a person price tag.  Also had the Steak Roquefort served with these crispy potatoes.  Very flavorful, but you better love Roquefort cheese or this dish is not for you.  

Honestly, the food is beside the point at Mon Ami Gabi.  You'll be too busy staring at the fountains and everyone who walks by.  Fortunately, the food is actually very good.  And you can't find a more romantic spot if you try.Hmm I like the authentic feel of the setting and view of the Bellagio fountain, on the heated patio seals the deal.  I commented that it does remind me of Paris, so there you go.

Boar Ragu was EXCELLENT, so was the filet mignon.
Escargots very tiny and not the best i have ever had, but thats okay.  We can't all be winners.

Service slightly unattentive, but overall a successful trip to this spot.  Good for date night! :)The food and experience was much better than I anticipated for a place with a fake Eiffel tower out front.  I've been to Paris several times, and this place actually had some charm and flavors reminiscent of my favorite place on Earth. The decor was lovely with art nouveau touches and bistro style furnishings. They give you fresh baguettes in paper bags like they do in pastisseries...cute. The service was excellent, the garcons dressed for the part. My husband had the bone in rib eye which he pronounced extremely delicious. We also had escargot and it was as good as any I had in France. It's a nice plus that the dining room is across the street from the Bellagio water fountain and show, which you can get a nice view of if seated near the windows.Ambiance:
It's huge (...that's what she said). A French version of a cheesecake factory. I've been spoiled with too many Emeril/Keller restaurants to think that the ambiance was romantic or intimate. BUT it was great for a large group. Plenty of seating and the view of the Bellagio fountains (even inside the "covered" patio) was nice. 

Food
$31 for filet mignon is pretty fantastic. The sides of green beans and asparagus are delicious (though anything with that much butter is.)
$8 for a wonderful glass of Pinot Noir? Wow. 
Everyone at our table ordered something different. From the moist chicken dishes to the hearty steaks we were all happy.
If they have the Bread Pudding dessert with caramel topping & vanilla bean ice cream (not on the menu. It was a special for the night) you need to get it. It was rich and sweet and definitely large enough for 2-3 people (we were a party of 5 and were satisfied!)

Service:
The hostess was rude. She was a 21 year old girl that held up her finger, didn't make eye contact and said "one sec" after my boyfriend said "hello we have a reservation for 5 at 7pm". I don't care if you're listening to some critical information in that ear piece of yours about table availability. Learn to multi task. Provide decent service to the PEOPLE in front of you. Smile. Give a little head nod. Something..   
Luckily we didn't end with service like that. The girl who escorted us to our table was very considerate in moving us to a "better" one away from the doors when we requested it. Our waitress was fantastic (she took my steak back b/c it was medium rare and made it medium well for me and she recommended an amazing dessert). 

Overall:
Very reasonably priced dinner and wines. I don't know if I'd come back (too many great places to try in Vegas) but I'd definitely recommend everyone try it once, especially if you're looking for a more budget friendly restaurant (vs. Mario Batali's or Hubert Keller's). Just make a reservation (Opentable!) because it's a little hectic in there.Hubby and I have been long-time fans of Mon Ami Gabi.  And we'll be forever grateful for that one New Year Eve when naive me and friends neglected to make reservations for dinner.  We initially rejected MAG's $99 prix fixe deal but then went crawling back after calling place after place, demanding upwards of $1,000 PER PERSON.

Mon Ami Gabi rewarded our patronage with front-row seats to the Bellagio fountain show under comfortable heaters (keep in mind this was winter time!) on the patio.  The food was seriously plentiful and delicious.  I will never forget the escargot - it was simply to die for.

Our most recent visit was last month.  Yes, our table was not in the ideal location (in the bar area) and we were seated next to a table of ignorant early 20's, probably having a first meal in a French restaurant (one guy told our waiter the French onion soup wasn't what he expected.  Really?  Because they do it real and delicious here.)

Must haves: Baked cheese...downside - they don't give you nearly enough bread; scallop entree - you get FIVE large sea scallops (which is 2 more than most other places) which were perfectly seasoned and cooked and of course, their steak....I asked for the bearnaise sauce with my ribeye but in the end, hardly used any of it.  My steak was perfectly cooked and the leftover half of it tasted just as good (though a bit cooler) later that night.

Service was...interesting.  Very attentive but maybe a little smarmy.  Our waiter was French.  How original...a French server (with a French name) in a French restaurant.  Our table took bets on whether his accent was real or not.  Surprisingly, everyone thought it was fake!  None of us had the balls to really ask but it was entertaining and quite fun. He was a very nice gentleman and I would love to have him serve us again though I can't remember his name...Claude??

Mon Ami Gabi was our first love in Las Vegas and it will always remain dear in our hearts.It was okay... The eggs Benedict was bland but the hash browns were good. It was a nice atmosphere but the food is nothing special. I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 3 because the service was excellent!Very few restaurants deserve 5 stars but this one deserves every star out of five.

I went here for my 30th birthday dinner and had a fantastic time. I was able to sit outside and watch the Bellagio water show so the ambiance was just amazing.

First course..I ordered the goat cheese in a marinara sauce. You dip fresh baguette in the goat cheese. It was so delicious. We were wiping the sauce in the bowl clean.  

Second course... Filet minot in a burgandy sauce.  Oh so delicious. It was the best filet I have ever had. Each bite was so amazing.  It came with frites, which you must try.

Dessert... I had their bananas foster crepes and ate a good portion myself. I love crepes and I love bananas foster but I've never had the two combined. The caramel sauce was out of this world.  Top it off with a generous scoop of french vanilla bean ice cream.

Overall, a good experience and wonderful food. I wish the service would have been a bit quicker, but when you are in Vegas and it's your birthday, time isn't of the essence. I will definitely be back for my next special event!Outstanding ambiance, cocktails, view and service sums up my experience at Mon Ami Gabi.  My chicken was nothing special but I would for sure go again just ordering a different main entrée.When on the strip, you have two choices...super expensive yet really good fancy restaurants with famous chefs, or you can go to Mon Ami Gabi's and eat great for a reasonable amount of money.  I was there on business for three nights, so you can only go all out so many times.  Three of us went here for lunch.  One person had the crab cakes, which she said were great, another had the fish special, which he also said was great, and I had the steak sandwich and frites.  They have some of the best frites EVER!  I've been here twice and never had to make a reservation.  It's great people-watching, and if you go at night you get to watch the fountain/music show across the street at the Bellagio.  Overall, great location, great food, great views!! Fifth star would have come with a bit more diverse menu.I ordered the steak au poivre, it was delicious, the steak was a large thin piece of meat with a black pepper sauce.  I didn't really know what to expect as for the cut, but it was tasty.  I'd order it again.  

I went with a large group of friends, we were a bit late for our 630 pm reservation but were still accommodated, but it was disappointing that we didnt get to sit outside.  I split a bottle of champagne with some friends which was fun.  The bread was delicious here and I loved the french cafe atmosphere.

We had good service from the waitress, but she did make a few faces since a few at the table were a bit on the drunk side.  I'd come here again.This is my favorite breakfast/brunch place in Vegas. I've never experienced their dinner service, but I'm sure it's just as fabulous. Sitting on the patio is great people watching, plus the restaurant faces The Bellagio, so it's a nice view. I recommend the Eggs Benedict or the caramelized apple waffles. The portions are huge and for the deluxe service you receive, the prices are well worth it.Mon ami gabi was our breakfast restaurant for the next day. We ordered a belini and mimosa in flutes. They were delicious however. .my flute was sticky...and I did not like that. Word of advice to restaurant...after pouring please wipe down flutes! We ordered a smoked salmon eggs Benedict and it was gooood. Definitely shareable. Wish they gave more has browns haha.the atmosphere is nice and feels european. Next time we will try dinner.This place is AWESOME! You definitely have to sit outside. The outside seating is right along the strip, across from the Bellagio- as you will have a perfect view of the water show while you have lunch or dinner.

The french onion soup was extremely good. The Steak Bordelaise was AMAZING. Portions are not shy. I split this tasty steak with the bf.

I will definitely eat here again :)Last time i went to vegas with a group of gf's they kept talking about these burgers at "that one restaurant in Paris" so finally after alot of talk we went to go try it out.  The burgers were quite yum...not your average burgers ut speciatly stuff with special cheeses and what not.  the burgers were yum and they come with a bucket of yummy fries BUT i still think the counter is better!Our go to spot for a nice, romantic and mid priced meal in Las Vegas. We always sit outside and get the view of the Bellagio fountains. Terrific! The steak frites are yummy; steak is pounded flat and well seasoned. However the frites are the star. Can't stop eating them.

You can sign up with them to get texts and a freebie. We got the baked goat cheese last time. It was huge and great with the bread they serve. Could have filled up on bread, butter and goat cheese, but I forced myself to eat my steak frites.One of the best restaurants in Vegas for the price. Always reasonably priced and delicious. I always get the baked goat cheese for an appetizer. So good and the waiter brought us extra garlic bread for it. I ordered the seafood platter to share which came with a whole lobster, prawns, oysters, salmon, and a seaweed salad all for $50. Talk about a deal! We sat on the patio which was great because we were able to see the fountains at the Bellagio. It was also heated so you don't have to worry about being cold. We were about to order dessert when we realized we were running late for a show. We had already ordered cappucinos so we asked our waiter if her could make them to-go. He put our drinks in to-go cups and brought us our checks very quickly. I always enjoy coming here for the great food, nice atmosphere, and reasonable prices.We came here for late lunch on Sunday. We loved it here!!
Our waitress, Holly was so sweet. The service was fast and attentive. The food was delicious!! Even the complementary French baguette was so fresh and good. 
It was Sunday but the rainbow trout tasted fresh, the shrimp cocktail was very fresh!! The cobb salad with smoked bacon and grilled corn was amazing, too!! This place is located right in the middle of the strip but the price was very reasonable. (compared to other Vegas strip priced restaurants, of course) I know some restaurants located in boondocks that charge more money for same or worse food. 
We had a very good experience here ;-)
If you are visiting, definitely sit outside patio area. Perfect view of the Bellagio fountain show!! Great spot to have tea and their delicious dessert.
They have breakfast, lunch and dinner. Open till 12 midnight. Perfect!! Can't wait to come back here.My cousin and I had eaten here before but it was better this time around than I had remembered. We stayed at Paris this time so it was conveniently located in their casino. We shared the Butter Lettuce and Apple Salad to start and it was really good. They also brought us a solid amount of bread and butter to hold us over before our food arrived. For our main course, we shared the Filet Mignon in merlot butter and wine reduction and it was AMAZING. Probably the best piece of steak i've ever had. So for that reason alone, this place gets 5 stars! Highly recommend this place and it's easy to make reservations through yelp.Ambiance for days, between the well done realistic Paris bistro, dark and cozy inside, bright and lovely in sunroom, outside has the best people watching view and the fountain show across the street at the bilaggio is breathtaking! 
food has always been good, my eggs Benidict were perfect! Sundays they have an amazing bloody Mary bar! I've been there four times, I guess I like it!Went here for dinner and got a balcony seat which is great as you can watchthe fountains and the people. Food was excellent and service was great. Prices very good for the strip location.What a delectable experience for my husband and me. 

We ordered and shared half a dozen oysters ($17), French onion soup ($11-12), salmon and kale salad ($19), the seafood crepe ($20), and the banana's foster's bread pudding dessert. 

The oysters tasted so fresh. We loved how they included real horse radish and a brine to sprinkle over the oysters, which made them top notch in our book! 

The French onion soup was very rich and heavy.  That and a loaf of baguette bread, and you have yourself a complete meal. We especially like dipping a piece of bread in their creamy, awesome whipped butter, and then dipping it in the soup and melding all those flavors together - yummm!!   The soup was very good. We were a little surprised they used gruyere cheese (we think) since we are used to Swiss being in top.  

The salmon was good perfectly and tasted really good!  I highly recommend salmon and the salad it came with if you want something healthy but robust.  Also the lemon vinaigrette dressing was great for a warm spring or summer day. 

The seafood crepe was our favorite though!!  At first I thought the peas in the crepe were strange, until I tasted it.  The peas give the cream sauce and the crepe an extra edge and natural creamy sweetness!  The scallops and shrimp were perfect grilled and cooked too. We loved that dish! :)

And last but not least, we ordered the Banana's Foster bread pudding with ice cream dessert. The brioche bread was cooked just right and the foster's sauce was almost like maple syrup. Very tasty. And the ice cream always a great addition to any dessert!  

We were both impressed by the quality of the food here, especially for the price we paid.Love this place! We normally fly into Las Vegas on a red-eye from HI and have started making it a tradition to eat our first meal of the day at Mon Ami Gabi.  This past trip we got to eat outside on the patio which was very nice.  The food was great! I ordered the poached Eggs with corned beef hash and shared the fruit bowl with my family.  The Eggs were perfectly poached and the corned beef was very tasty.  I also had a few bites of my son's Skinny Cinnamon pancakes, they were fantastic!  Our server was good, it did not take very long for her to take our orders or for our food to arrive.  Overall a great experience and will continue to visit them everytime we visit.We dined here for the second time on Christmas Eve. Somehow it managed to be more amazing than the first time. We started with the warm goat cheese appetizer, which was out of this world. I honestly could have eaten it with a spoon like soup. Two of us enjoyed the French onion soup, which didn't disappoinr. For our main courses 2 of us ordered the scallops with Brussel sproutss. I have have never eaten Brussel sprouts tasted as divine as these. Holy cow! They honestly outshine the scallops. The scallops were great, it was just that the sprouts were that awesome. The other 2 dined on steak and beef. Both enjoyed their meals as well. I cannot wait to dine here again!GREAT SEATING FOR CAESARS 50th ANNIVERSARY FIREWORKS!  My family and I made RSVP through Open Table for Sunday July 3rd. We got a table out in front of the outdoor patio. Initially my wife thought it would be too hot to watch the Bellagio fountains since it was still 98 degrees at our 8:15 PM RSVP however the air conditioning coming from the restaurant kept us very comfortable. I would highly recommend a table in the patio vs being inside. 

First of all the food and device was amazing!  We thought it was better than Gordon Ramsay's Steak Restaurant which we had dinner on Friday night.  We started off with a dirty martini for me and a French martini for my wife. Both came out cold and spot on. The escargot, the goose liver pate and the French onion soup ordered for appetizers was fantastic. Our kids ordered from the kids menu and had the steak. They devoured it.  I ordered the ribeye steak and shared with my wife. Glad we shared because it was a big steak!  

For the surprise of the evening...we got to see the fireworks celebrating Caesars Palace. It was spectacular to see the fireworks and then also see the Bellagio fountains at the same time.  What an awesome way to finish our last night in Las Vegas!Had dinner here on Valentine's Day. Gf made reservations months ahead of time. We got there about 20-30 mins before our reservation and it was packed. The line was about 100 people deep. The line moved fast and ended up getting seated at my time of reservation. Gf got the hangar steak that everyone raves about and I got the today special beef Wellington. The hangar steak was delicious while my puff pastry steak was eh. Will comeback just for the hangar steakHad my first meal in Vegas here and omg was it a delight. We opted to dine in their open patio, in 100+ heat lol. I was fine since we were seated underneath a table with a canopy. 

I ordered a glass of Rose and it accompanied my BLT tartine, a French style open faced sandwich perfectly. The bread was perfectly toasted and buttered.  The lettuce, tomatoes and avocado was so fresh and crisp and such a nice light meal in the Vegas heat. 

But i must share with you that although my meal was light and perfect for a lunch the bf ordered their mussel in cream sauce and OMG i almost had foodgasm. The flavor of the cream sauce was so rich but it did not overpower the taste of the mussel, and the mussel was sweet and tender, not rubbery or stiff.  

I am still debating if that was onion in the cream sauce or sauerkraut because the texture and taste was sour but crisp and with onion once its cooked down it does not hold a crisp texture plus it tends to taste sweet not tart.  

Anywho i cannot wait to visit this eatery again and i shall hunt down a French recipe for mussel in cream sauce.Very, very good although a bit pricey.

I had the "skinny" apple pancakes and Eggs Benedict, and both were incredible.  

My waitress was a complete doll too.  I'd go back any day.This is my second time here. Great break from the norm with classic french cuisine. I reccomend the chicken and brie sandwich, and patio seating if available. Great service also.Went here with some friends so was able to taste a lot of dishes
The baguette was too little of everything, not enough crunch and the crumb lacked flavor.
The onion soup was ok. The flavor was flat and under seasoned, but the cheese and bread was good 
The pâté had good flavor.
The butter leaf an arugula salad had a great mix of flavors and the chick pea croutons were like little falafel balls and paired well
The ribeye was mediocre. The seasoning was a little too overpowering and the meat was too chewy.
The salmon and leek quinoa was great. The salmon was moist and perfectly cooked, and paired wonderfully with the leek quinoa.

Dessert is where mon ami gavi shines. 
The creme brûlée was creamy and had a good caramelized crust. 
The warm chocolate tart with salted caramel ice cream was world changing. The tartness of the dark chocolate paired with the salty/sweet ice cream was amazing.
This restaurant is good but not great. Some dishes were amazing but some were mediocre. So might be worth it but choose dishes carefullyI loved the restaurant. I came in and it was gorgeous. I asked for a seat on the enclosed patio. I was reminded of a greenhouse. I was served a whole baguette with butter, which I tasted but couldn't eat all by myself.

I ordered an open-faced crab salad sandwich. The toast wasn't too great, but the crab salad was delicious. They had some sort of sauce on the side too that was great with the bread and with the little waffle potato chip side.

It was $14.95 for lunch. Not bad for providing me with a Paris ambiance. As I dined, I felt like I was in France. Never been but that's how I imagine it.Wonderful experience. We decided to go to dinner last minute before the 10:30pm show of "O". We tried to get a patio table, but it was a 30 min wait. So they gave us the next best thing: table bordering the patio. It was an awesome view, I would say it's better than being out on the patio. We just went this past weekend and it was unseasonably cool and pleasant for Vegas. Bellagio fountains and weather made for a great dinner. 

We had the escargots to start. It was decent, I say too much butter. I had the bone-in ribeye with a side of Macaroni Gratin. The steak could have been more flavorful, but still good. The Mac gratin was very good. Service by Matt was good as well. 

The restaurant has a great ambiance and that's what makes this place. Go, the food is decent and the view is unlike any other.The BEST WAFFLES in the WORLD!  We always look forward to our breakfast at mon ami gabi and can't wait to have their waffles.  We go out to brunches often and tried a lot of waffles, but these are truly amazing: crispy on the outside and flaky on the inside.  We discovered this place for breakfast 5 years ago and now have been coming back every time we're in Vegas.  Try the waffles!  Their benedicts are also great: eggs poached to perfection.The restaurant experience is a combination of good food, great service, nice decoration and fair pricing. In Vegas, like most of everything around here, this is a gamble. You might pluck down $200 for a couple and have the worst food of your life, or $40 and remember the delicacy you ate forever. In that respect Mon Ami Gabi did not disappoint.

We went early, like 7pm, because we had a show at 9pm at the Rio, a bit far from the Paris. It was hot and sunny, so we requested to be seated inside. We had reservations, and got seated immediately.

Our waiter (Stephanie) showed up immediately and instead of starting with the standard script, she made us feel at home, like we just walked into a family owned café in Strasbourg. Really, she was all smiles, friendly and relaxed, no rush. We asked a bunch o questions and she responded perfectly, she never made us feel rushed and no question was too stupid. After her detailed descriptions we knew exactly what we wanted.

At first we got a complimentary baguette with butter to get us going, it was excellent.

We ordered dishes that we normally have a hard time getting in our own side of the planet. The steak au Poivre with Pommes Puree and the Trout Almondine. Both were excellent, highly recommended. How do you say "Oh là là" in English?

We also ordered a side of Ratatouille, which we never had before, so I can't tell if it was a "good ratatouille", we liked it but nothing special, we probably will not order this again. Yep, the Disney movie was a great influence here (fyi: ours didn't look at all like the one prepared by Remy for the grumpy food critic Anton Ego).

To finish our adventure, we ordered the Chocolate Mousse, also very good. Does life have a meaning without Chocolate Mousse?

In summary, our overall experience at Mon Ami Gabi was excellent, and kudos for Stephanie, she's she type of waiter that I would like to have at all restaurants I go to. Vegas has a lot to learn from her.

Cheers!I have to say that I was pretty hesitant about booking this for my cousin's bachelorette party. It got pretty good reviews on Yelp!, but I was tricked by Yelp! earlier that day into going to a horrid nail salon (review to follow) in the area. I was pleasantly surprised. The food was good and I STILL can't believe how reasonable the menu was. Our party asked for a window seat and although the restaurant was packed, they saved us a nice lil' table with a gorgeous view right next to the window.

We got the chicken liver pate, the country pate and escargot to start. Chicken liver pate was by far our fav. They serve it with this horseradish sauce that just kills it. The country pate was kind of a disappointment, but the escargot came to the rescue ;P.

The mussels were super super yummy. Not grainy at all and surprisingly fresh. Everyone at our table raved about their entrees and had a great time.

We ordered the creme brulee and apple tartin for dessert. Both were super yummy, and they even threw in a free birthday dessert.

All-in-all, a good dining experience. Mon ami gabi has earned a permanent place on my Vegas To-Eat list...Thank you Perry for checking on is during our visit.  Also, thank you to our breakfast server, Emily, for a nice relaxing morning.  Your service and attentiveness is much appreciated.Every time I visit vegas I HAVE to eat at Mon Ami Gabi. If you have never been to Paris you will definitely get the feel of it here. This is one of my favorite restaurants with a great menu. Located on the Strip with indoor and patio seating. I always ask for the patio which overlooks the Bellagio fountains. Great view, great food and great service.  I have tried many dishes here and I have to say everything is delicious.GREAT VIEW. 

THE BREAD WAS GREAT. 

Hashbrowns, steak, and eggs were mediocre. We could of gotten something else cheaper and more delicious. 

We ordered the prime steak and eggs, and it was horrible. The wait was long, and the best part was the toast.

We also ordered the steak sandwich with the dip. IT WAS AMAZINGLY delicious. All the juice and onions blended together. I would definitely reccomnend this. 

I would give this place 3 stars, but the extra star is for the great view. There is also an abundance of staff here. and so if you were to come here I reccomend making a reservation for outside seating.This was my first restaurant experience in Las Vegas. I can't say enough about the French toast. Such a simple dish but prepared to perfection. Fresh blueberries & whipped cream to top off delicious prepared bread that had perfect texture.When I turned to Yelp last night before making reservations here, I was shocked to see close to 7,000 reviews.  I honestly don't think I've seen a restaurant with that many reviews before.  They have a 4 star average, the menu had many options so naturally, we made a reservation for dinner.  

We arrived at 7 but decided to wait an extra 30 mins to get a spot on the patio, that was worth the wait!  The location is in a prime spot, right across from the Bellagio fountains and under the mock Eifel Tour.  After being inside the smoke filled Casino, this fresh air felt really nice.  The patio area, the location and the atmosphere here are definitely deserving of 5 stars.  I however was disappointed with the food, and would only rate that 3 stars.  

A lot of the positive reviews that I've read are for breakfast and the negative ones seem to be for dinner.  I would actually love to have breakfast here, but I probably won't come back for dinner.  There was 3 of us last night and we had a lot of items between us.  The house bread & butter is beyond amazing.  How can a French restaurant not have amazing bread though!  We started with the oysters which were good, along with the mussels which were just average.  My main meal I ordered was strange.  The scallops were good but it was weird having them in a soup type of bean filled dish.  I also like piping hot food and my dish was far from it.  We had ordered some frites (fries) that were really cold, they had obviously just come out from under the heat pan and not out of the fryer.  We actually did ask to have a fresh hot batch of those brought out and they did, yet they were still not hot like I wanted them.  The French onion soup again, was simply luke warm.  I'm not one to send food back and if I wouldn't have been with a customer, I would have said something.

My customer ordered the bison steak and said that was okay and his wife had the artichoke.  We loved the cauliflower purée and the spinach was okay.  The mushrooms were strange looking, they looked like shredded pieces of meat.  We didn't have dessert as we had a lot of eat, but we had wine which was good.

Service was okay, typical Vegas and not what you find in CA.  They were super busy though and we got food and drinks in a decent time.  The prices are very reasonable, especially for Vegas.  The appetizers are priced a bit high, but the main dishes aren't too bad.  The scallops dish was $27, the steaks range from $24 to $42 and the sides are around $5-$7.

Overall 5 star atmosphere and patio area, 3 stars for the "dinner" food I'd give breakfast a shot.Everything was absolutely amazing!  From the service to the views to each course. We ate on the patio and had reservations for 5p.  I had a glass of the Rose and my friend had a cocktail. We went with some recommendations from our server, including the goat cheese and tomato puree appetizer, then the trout and sea scallop dishes, all of which were fantastic.  We finished with the lemon crème brulee and espresso.  The atmosphere, food, and prices were off the charts. I will definitely be returning when back on the strip!OMG - we love this place.  It's one of our favorite spots in Vegas.  The wine is SPECTACULAR - and ask the bartender to recommend wines for your meal - bartenders here are excellent sommeliers.  The food is more French authentic than I anticipated - and it's very good.  the salads are outstanding too.  Also - if you're Gluten Free... tell them.  They will bring you Gluten Free YUMMY bread and accommodate the menu for you!  LOVE LOVE LOVE Mon Ami Gabi!One of my favorite restaurants on the strip.

First and foremost, sitting on the patio gives you an AMAZING view of the Bellagio fountains. I've seen those fountains at least a couple hundred times but I can't help but get excited whenever I hear the music go off - and it's that much better when you're sitting on a cute patio sipping a glass of wine.

The food at Mon Ami Gabi is good, the service is spectacular. 

Favorite dishes:

Chicken liver mousse - Oh my god. DELICIOUS. As gross as this may sound, it's actually really delicious. Served with cocktail pickles, onions, and slices of bread. Heavy and creamy, but the prefect way to start a meal.

Mussels and frites - I didn't order this, but my friend ordered the large which comes with a huge serving of fries. The mussels looked plump and juicy, and the sauce was to die for. FYI the 20 oz comes with about 8 mussels... so you definitely want to order a full order if you're looking for an entree.

Duck confit - appetizer, but definitely entree sized. Kind of dry. Would pass.

Anyways, make reservations, request to sit on the patio, and enjoy a nice French dinner on the strip. Do it!'Been here twice. Breakfast is nice.

Get the corned beef hash. Mi group agrees 'twas a smash.

Any item choice is of quality. 'For reasonable currency quantity.

Outdoor or indoor. Vegas strip or dark grandeur.

Frites were decent but overhyped. Slightly soggy yet slightly crispy, all right.

Escargot was savory, if equipped with bravery. Otherwise a mental battle, w/ your tummy &/or mind rattled.

Service was great, Julio was the man, on point. Overall, very satisfying, would come again to this joint.This is absolutely one of my favorite brunch spots. The ambiance is unquestionably the best part, with a view of the Bellagio fountains and covered patio seating. I love the Escargot and baked Brie to start and usually go into the frisee and bacon salad from there. Ask for Rian to be your server, he's awesome!MAG Restaurant provides the BEST location in Vegas for dining! Outdoor dining means watching the tourists walking down LV Blvd, but also enjoying the fountains at Bellagio! Hard to get in, but the food is great and the service impeccable. My wife and I love taking our friends here from out of town. Make sure you visit MAG!since my fiancee and i stayed at Paris.. i got to dine here quite often.. mostly for breakfast while she slept.. i will say.. they have plenty awesome items on the menu.. but the corn beef has was excellent.. they do occasionally burn the toast and give you soggy hash browns.. but they will replace it.. overall.. it's a pretty great place to hang out and grab breakfast or lunch.. their croque monsieur is also very good..Great food and great service. The hand cut frites are so crispy and flavored. The steak is also perfectly done. Love this placeOnce we checked in it took about 5 mins to get seated.  Our server Carlos was a nice guy.  Took our drinks prompted and brought us bread w/whipped butter which was great tasting. We started w/the escargots which were tasty.  We ordered the bone in ribeye & a steak w/bordelaise sauce.   All were good. With two drinks our total tab was $105,  which was a great price for a good meal.First time here. The Wild Escargot was delicious with Pesto dipping sauce for your Baguette. Then for the entrée go for the Trout Almondine. Melts in your mouth. Sit outside and people watch. Even had a jazz player (street performer) playing music near our balcony. Could have been 5 stars but dislike the very long walk through the Paris casino to get to the restaurant. Wear flats. You'll thank me later.I had my bridal shower luncheon here in March! We had a private room...the service and the food was fantastic! I had the scallops gratinee,  which was delicious!And the best gluten free menu award goes too.... Da ta da daaaa! Mon Ami knows how to cater to us Ciliacs. With gluten free option bread to start and an entire GF menu you really cant go wrong here. Every time I come here i always start with the warm brie cheese. accompanied with black pepper honey and my gf bread you will fall in love. They also have very reasonable martinis here. a ciroc martini is only $12. by far one of the best prices on the strip.
I also never miss the Croque Monsieur sandwich. gf bread with ham, gruyere cheese, creme fraiche and it comes with their infamous frites. talk about cheese heaven... They also use a separate fryer for the fries, so there is no flour contamination. 
You also cant beat the view. Sitting on the patio (everyones favorite) it over looks the Bellagio Water show. 
Finish any meal you have here with their Creme Brulee. holy wow it is yummy. A great dining experience. Throw in a few drinks and its only around $60ish a person.I always come to Mon Ami Gabi for at least 1 dinner with a large group of at least 10 or more and we are all never disappointed!
Always a good meal without the Vegas hype or sky high prices!!I stop in at Mon Ami Gabi every single time I'm in Vegas. There is something about the delicious goat cheese appetizer that keeps bringing me back. Everything from their cuts of meat to burgers to chicken dishes are just mouth watering! And who could forget that view? The service is always friendly and they are quick to communicate... the first time I ate here someone dropped my entree and the manager came out to tell me... Being courteous goes a long way.Perfect view of the Bellagio fountains if you're lucky enough to be seated outside, or are willing to wait a few minutes at the bar for your patio table. Food and service were both outstanding, as usual. Waitress was very nice and attentive, but not overbearing. Noise level is obviously fairly high since the place is bustling 16 hours a day and the doors to the strip are open, but not 'STK' loud, if you understand that difference. Been here several times and have never been let down, for the price you will be hard-pressed to find a better place to eat in Las Vegas.I went to my first French restaurant in Seattle, and though it was a cute little place, it was very uncomfortable for me. However, Mon Ami Gabi was so much fun! The menu was unique and the "Frangria" was so enticing that I have a whole new outlook on french food. Though it is a French Steakhouse, I had their Sandwich Du Jour (sp) which is the sandwich of the day and it was AMAZING! Bacon, egg, this interesting spread, on delicious bread, with a side of their very unique french fries. Best brunch/lunch sandwich. So filling! They had a ham and cheese crepe I was eyeing but when the waiting deliciously described the sandwich of the day, I just melted. It was perfect. 

Then their Frangria was their version of sangria and it had fruit and rosemary! Rosemary gave it a very one of a kind way! I was in heaven. 

I am very happy with this trip for a friends birthday and I would like to come back to try their dinner menu! 

OHH also a plus, they sell Kronenbourg 1664, which is one of my FAVORITE beers of all time. 

Thank you for the awesome service as well Mon Ami Gabi. It was a great experience.I like the ambiance of this place, and the service we Received was top notch even though the place was packed.  The only reason i'm not giving this place 5 stars is because of the Beef Bourgogne I was served.  The fresh baguette with fennel slaw was very very tasty, as were the escargot and French onion soup.  I originally ordered the braised short rib special, offered that night, but I was later told it was sold out which was hugely disappointing, especially considering it was only 7:30pm or so.  Anyway, I went with the Beef Bourgogne since it was listed as a restaurant "classic" on the menu, hoping my braised meat craving would be satisfied.  Unfortunately the Beef Bourgogne came to my table looking like hot dog food over egg noodles.  It was just a big plate of mush, really.  We were on our way to a show, or I would have asked to send it back.  Plus, honestly, I was pretty satisfied with the starters I'd already eaten, so it wasn't like I was starving by then.  

All in all, I would go there again in a heartbeat; I just would never order the Beef Bourgogne if I could avoid it.  My husband and the rest of the family got steaks that all tasted amazing.  Big plus: I had laryngitis, and the waitress was very understanding, quickly getting me tea with lemon and honey at the end of my meal, which I know is not a typical request.Love love love! Went here last time I was in Vegas and had the best meal. Their take on Fish n Chips is to die for. The two other people I was with adored their meals as well. The wait staff is great. The view of the Bellagio fountain show from the patio is amazingly perfect. I can't wait for my next visit to LV so I can go back and enjoy Paris!Hands down the best restaurant in las vegas. I love this place. Has a great view and the prices are very reasonable.  I have been here for breakfast lunch and dinner. Always amazed.Drinks were great.  I especially liked the French Martini.  I would recommend it to those looking for a sweeter drink.
I've tried several of the steak frites and have enjoyed all of them.  It's a very large portion so you will not leave hungry.
My coworker tried the escargot and scallops and he had good things to say about both.
My biggest word of advice is to make reservations.  The wait for dinner during any day of the week tends to be pretty long.  I've had to wait between 30-45 minutes each time I've eaten there.This place is great.  Always nice to go for bruch or breakfast every now and then.  Try and sit down outside if you can, the Bellagio fountains are always nice to watch while you eat your inexpensive, delicious meal.This is a must stop for me on every Vegas trip.  I absolutely love dining al fresco with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Keep in mind, they do not accept reservations for the patio.  We arrived around 6pm on a Monday evening and only had to wait about 10 minutes.  For dinner  we enjoyed one of their specials- off the bone short ribs, steak and frites (not the most crispy frites this time), and crème brûlée for dessert.  Services was attentive but the food didn't quite pack the punch I was hoping for this time around.Amazing restaurant- decor and food is just outstanding.  Get the French onion soup - it's the best. I ordered the hanger steak and it may have just been the best meal of the year.  Go here soon!  Great for a group or romantic night out.I made reservations about a week in advance for a Sunday at 1pm. I was hoping it wouldn't be as busy because it's winter. When I arrived, it was very crowded because there happened to be a convention at the hotel that weekend. There were 2 desks to check in/put your name on the list. The first one was for patio seating, which had a long wait. The second line was for reservations and indoor seating. Upon checking in, I inquired about patio seating or atrium seating (the section in the middle that can look out to the patio & Bellagio fountain show). I was told there will be a wait. I'm not sure how much of a priority I would have had over those who were already waiting for patio or atrium seating, so I went ahead and took whatever was available and we got seated right away. I ended up getting a table next to the opening leading to the atrium/center seating area, but we still couldn't see anything in regards to the patio or water show.

We got the menus and took about 10-15 minutes to decide. There is a regular lunch menu and a brunch menu, which is limited to 5 items or so. Our group of 4 ordered the sea scallop entree, salmon entree, seafood crepe, full order of mussels & frites, and escargot. While waiting, we had some bread. When the bread is warm, eat it right away! It satisfied our hunger, but was nothing special. It was on the hard side, and the longer we waited to eat it, it became cold and even harder.

It took about 40 minutes to receive our dishes. That was quite long for us since we were hungry. As we got our dishes, we noticed that the crowd died down and a lot of indoor seating was available. I think we could have gotten patio or atrium seating had we come an hour later instead.

Now, to the food. The escargot was okay, nothing to write home about. My friends said it was decent, but it was actually bland to me; we've made better at home. The rest of the dishes were good. My sea scallops dish seemed small, but it filled me up. The scallops were cooked to perfection! The accessories on the plate such as slice apples didn't do it for me for the overall dish, so although I enjoyed the scallops, I wouldn't get it again. My friend said the salmon was really good, that the sauce, lentils, and extras contributed to the deliciousness. The seafood crepe, although enjoyable, seemed minimal because there wasn't much inside besides peas. The seafood, which wasn't much, was on the outside of the crepe, along the plate. This was the least filling of all the dishes, but if it were more filling, it would have been perfect. The best item of everything we ordered was probably the mussels & frites. The mussels were abundant, and the soup could be drank or used to dip bread in, and the frites were thin and yummy.

The food was good, but the prices are high. I would only dine here again if I had either atrium or patio seating. Sitting around for 30+ minutes for food got us bored. I wouldn't mind waiting longer if we had something to keep us company, like people watching or the fountain show.I have no idea how to pronounce the name or what it means, but I'm a fan!  

I was in Vegas a few months ago, and was very impressed by the ambiance, cleanliness, food quality and overall service.  We waited at the bar; I was on my kick of Maker's on the rocks with fresh ginger and lime and the bartender totally accommodated my request.  When we moved to the bar to patio seating, the bus boy carried our drinks, and  my ladle of ginger for later!

We sat outside, and our server was kinda a smart ass, which was oddly fun.  We got a variety of dishes; pate, muscles and hanger steak.  Everything was delicious; well seasoned and cooked well.  I think we got dessert, but the night got a little foggy after all that Maker's.

On top of all that, the heat lamps, view of the street and the Belaggio fountains and music going off all night set the mood perfectly.Went here for my gf's mothers 50th birthday and it was 8 of us in total and they accommodated us perfectly. it was a wonderful time and we all work in the industry and we were thoroughly impressed. (that doesn't happen overtime we go out and eat). We always have high expectations and this place surpassed them with flying colors.Went here for brunch on a Sunday morning. We were sat quickly and promptly met by our server who was friendly and knowledgable. 
I went with the special (eggs Benedict w filet mignon) and my girlfriend went with the quiche. Both we're excellent. 
Eggs Benedict was not smothered in sauce as many places do, the eggs were not over done and the meat was perfect. 

A little pricey, but considering what we've paid for terrible service and food at other locations (LVH), this place is a bargain.One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, especially for steak and frites!  

Steak cooked perfectly, had both the bone in and filet mignon, the fries are thin and crunchy (how I like it) and appetizers were good too. Tried the seafood crepe, salmon tar tar, and oysters. 

One thing I really appreciate is that this place is not too expensive in comparison to other steakhouses on the strip - my opinion.Gabi, you can be mon ami!

My friends dumped the responsibility of picking a dinner place on me (whoo hoo..) - thank you eavesdropping taxi driver for suggesting you, Mon Ami Gabi, at the Paris.  You have steak, seafood, salad, soups.. perfect!

And, you were a good choice!  Everyone loved their food.  Two of us had the Halibut special, one of us got the Steak Au Poive, another the Steak Bordelaise, one order of the Roast Chicken, and an order of the Thyme-Seared Salmon (which, I would totally recommend, it was delicious!).  I don't think anyone left any food on their plate.  

The only thing I was disappointed with though, is your French Onion soup.  You're a French restaurant.   French Onion soup is, well, French.  Oh, how could you mess that up?  Good thing it was one of the first things I had, so that I could forget about it when I dove into my main entree.

Other than that, the view of the Bellagio fountains and your not-so-crazy prices, make you worth eating here.My review is based on breakfast because I've been here twice, but only for breakfast. Both times we found the food to be very good.  The restaurant gets busy at breakfast, but the food is worth the wait. I had the corned beef hash on my first visit. The corned beef was flavorful and not too salty. They served it with a nice, think toast. I think the quiche I had on my second visit was even better. The quiche is very filling with a nice, rich crust. I'd love to come back and try this restaurant for dinner because I have heard good things.Delicious. Great selection, and everything was very fresh. Solid cocktail menu with dinner, and the Chicken Grandmere / Sea Scallops we ordered were plenty and very flavorful. Warm chocolate tart for dinner, and we had a delicious dinner/dessert/drinks for under $100. Not a bad deal if you ask me.

Side note- Sean was a great waiter. Very friendly, and he was extremely knowledgeable with the menu. Always refreshing to have that experience, seems to be a dying art form in restaurants today.The service was more than amazing and some of the best steaks around. Every local should give it a shot, the prices are well worth it and it's not insanely priced like most strip restaurants. We'll be back in two weeks with our family.I had an amazing Christmas Dinner here. I had made reservations and arrived early just in case reservations were running late due to the holiday. The host was very friendly and helped me check in at 7pm to ensure my seat would by ready at 7:30pm as I walked around the Paris Hotel.

We ordered Mussels and Frites with a white wine sauce - it was to die for. I could drink the sauce just like that.

We also ordered the classic steak and frites and the hanger steak and frites. Both were succulent, juicy, and tender. I always find restaurants mess up steaks a lot but not Mon Ami Gabi. 

One of my favourite restaurants of Las Vegas and a must try for those visiting the area. The lunch menu looks amazing as well. I do recommend making reservations as this place gets busy.Okay, so after my weekend trip from vegas, its official that Mon Ami Gabi is by far my fav breakfast spot ever!!! I wish I would have eaten there more this weekend because what we had was just great!!
weekends only brunch... the most amazing french toast I have ever had. It was perfect! they serve it with syrup on the side, but it is the only french toast I've ever had that did not need any syrup, it would have ruined the perfectness of what was on the plate!!
French TOast:
-perfectly cooked so the center wasn't gooey
-very thick bread (at least an inch)
-thick homemade whipped cream that was not too sweet
-bursting blueberries that were a perfect combination!!

My hubby had the onion soup which he says is the best he's ever had (and he's a huge fan of onion soup!) & the steak sandwich, which he rates as a 5 out of 10, so perhaps you should just order the french toast if you make it to breakfast!!

Go! Go! GO! Best of all you can sit outside and people watch and watch the watershow!! Mon Ami Gabi!!Filet mignon w/ merlot butter (med. rare) was sooooo good.  it's a must-have.  you absolutely cannot go wrong with that choice.

escargot was good too, don't forget to dip bread in the sauce :)

try to get patio seating if possible, great views of bellagio fountain show.This places is amazing! Nice intimate feel inside and gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains outside. I had their salmon platter as an appetizer and chicken for dinner. SO GOOD! Their creme brulee is a must for dessertFood: 3 stars, Service: 4 stars, Location/atmosphere: 5 stars

This place is where you wanna come for a nice drink and people watching on the patio. Food is way overpriced and nothing special.I had my last meal in Vegas here. Very satisfying breakfast.

The restaurant is pretty big, with a large patio that has a beautiful view of the Strip.

Ate the corned beef hash. Big chunks of corned beef tossed with potatoes and roasted red pepper and topped with two beautifully poached eggs. The flavors were awesome. Nice and salty corned beef cut with rich egg yolk. Bread was nice and hearty to soak up all those flavors. 

The menu is pretty diverse, but I think I found my go-to dish here.

I'll be going back to Vegas for a long layover, and Mon Ami Gabi is definitely on my list for breakfast before heading out of town.Arrived at 11pm on a Saturday night for a late dinner for two.  They told us we could sit right away inside, but we preferred a table outside to people watch and enjoy the weather.  We didn't have to wait longer than 5 minutes, if even! 

Service was prompt and friendly. We were greeted by our waiter almost as soon as we sat down. We ordered the warm brie, frisee salad, and classique steak frites.  The warm brie comes with 3 hard bread  slices (for spreading), roasted garlic, and hazelnuts. Roasted garlic and warm brie are two of my favorite foods, so obviously there was no room for error! The frisee salad comes with a poached egg, croutons, and a metric sh*t-ton of bacon. Not thin, wimpy bacon, either! Thick, flavorful, chewy bacon! The salad had some sort of vinaigrette that I could have lived without, but it was still a good salad! 

Our steak was cooked to order; medium. The cook was perfect and the fries were crunchy. There was an herb butter served on top, plenty to spread all over your steak! Your heart and hips will thank you later! 

I would totally visit again, especially to try their cassoulet.I can't say enough nice things about this restaurant.  We only ate there once a week ago but it was the perfect place for my husband and I to have a "nicer" dinner out.  It isn't over the top fancy but I wasn't overdressed with my dress for the rest of the evening. If you have to eat gluten free like I do there is so much to choose from!!!  The oysters are amazing, steak was one of the best I ever had and the chocolate mousse was out of this world.  Service was also great.People watching, good food, and great service!  Highly recommend.

We made a reservation for 9:00am and asked for the patio once we got here.  We sat and watched people walk by while eating French toast and waffles with fresh fruit and a side of yummy bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice.  The waiters filled the water glasses constantly and we were checked on multiple times.   Fabulous ending to our vacation.You must order steak frites when you come here. Ignore the rest of the menu and focus in on the steak. It's their specialty for a reason. Both versions of the Filet Mignon and the New York Strip Steak with bordelaise sauce were incredible. The Filet Mignon Au Poivre had more of a kick to it, but was cooked to perfection and delicious like the rest of the steaks we tried. Our knives slid through our juicy cuts of meat like butter and each bite was rich with flavor and spice. I also ordered a glass of the Pinot Noir, which was light and fruity. For dessert we tried the crème brulee, which was decadently rich and caramelized.
 
Reservations at Mon Ami Gabi are a necessity. I reserved through my Yelp App via OpenTable, which was easy and convenient. The patio is prime for people watching; the interior recalls a Parisian bistro. The service was excellent and our food came quickly.I have been here twice - once for breakfast and another time for a birthday dinner. Both times have been great. We had a giant party for a birthday dinner. They were very attentive and accommodating. I would recommend the escargot (buttery, garlicky) as well as the peppered steak with a red wine sauce (can't remember).Great food! I ordered the Filet Mignon, mac and cheese and carrots. The food was awesome. My wife ordered the scallops. She loved it. The complimentary bread was great. 

However, there needs to be criticism displayed.  Having said that, our waiter was a wise ass.  I thought it was just me, but our whole party confirmed this.  He wasnt helpful in explaining the options or translating the menu items to English. 

Better customer relations are needed. Having said that, we returned for lunch and our waitress was great and quite the opposite of who we had for dinner.What an adorable place for a lunch or brunch! If your timing is good or if you're willing to wait, the patio is the perfect place to enjoy your meal. Unfortunately, the patio was closed for a private event when I was there. 

My family and I stopped by for a Sunday lunch/brunch. Their menu has a good variety of items so everyone should be able to find something they want. That morning, the warm chicken and brie sandwich was calling my name and I had to answer. I loved my sandwich! It was warm and creamy from the brie, sweet from the caramelized onions, and a bit tart from the green apples. I think I may have to re-create this combination at home! Accompanying my sandwich was a cone full of their fries. I'm not sure if I'd call them fries though. They were flat and wider than other fries which made them crispy in some places. It was more of a cross between a fry and a chip, a "frip" if you will. 

I also sampled the croque monsieur and the chicken and mushroom crepe from my family members. Both were tasty as well! My one complaint is that the butter that came with our demi baguette was cold. Why was it cold? The bread wasn't warm so the cold butter didn't make sense. 

For a nice restaurant on the Vegas strip, the prices seemed pretty reasonable. The space was a bit cramped though. Be prepared to potentially bump elbows with the person at the next table.One of the better places to eat right now on the Strip.  Nice ambiance especially if you are sitting outside at night during the spring/fall, solid service, and good food with a fairly varied menu that tends to be a bit heavy on the meat dishes.  Not the most friendly place to bring a vegetarian let alone a vegan.  Its not authentic, high-end French cuisine but then again it is Vegas.  

Sitting outside though can be a bit noisy with all of the traffic on the Strip.  You can hear your dinner companions but you have to speak up a bit.  The wait can be a bit outrageous though but that's common with any half-decent restaurant on the Strip.

All-in-all, there are a lot of terrible, overpriced restaurants on the Strip.  This isn't one of them.  This place is a bit more expensive but at least the food, service, and outdoor seating are all positives.Holey Moley!  Went back a year later.  Thank Mandy for great service (a fifteen year veteran - doesn't look it).  Can't believe I had the same meal again - just felt it - even to the wine and it was wonderful!  Okay - I had a martini this time as well.  I'm afraid to try the one in Reston because I loved my two experiences in Vegas so much.Just finished my first meal at Mon Ami Gabi. I liked it. I would go back. The seared salmon over peas was great. The service was attentive, and the atmosphere was great -- very lively and varied. I could see the Belagio and its fountains erupting across the street. Lots of fun.I came for a friend's birthday weekend and we had brunch here Saturday afternoon. 

Reservations were easy, the personnel handling phones were extremely helpful. Wish they could reserve specific tables, but alas, can't get everything. 

We got a somewhat decent view of the Bellagio, atmosphere was well lit. It was one of those places where you can sit, chat, and relax.

The food was great. Benedict eggs were amazing.First off. 

AMAZING service. Our server was both friendly and fast. They were very accommodating and caring. 

The food was amazing. I had gotten the lemon big skinny pancake and it's was perfectly sweet and crispy on the edge and soft in the center. Perfect for just a light crepe/pancake. 

The blueberry waffle was light and crispy. Perfectly made and you can tell it wasn't made from a crappy box mix. I will definitely be returningI wish I could give it more stars! This is easily my most favorite restaurant in the world. I go to Las Vegas at least once a year and have eaten at Mon Ami Gabi many times for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have always, always, always had superior food. If possible, I like to sit outside, where the Bellagio fountains and the people watching put on a show that's tough to beat. Nevertheless, it's the food that keeps me coming back. Makes me want to hop on a plane right now!!Wonderful location for brunch, the Bloody Mary bar is a treat , quick and pleasant service.I had been here prior for dinner and was not impressed (see prior review). However, we've since returned for the other meals - breakfast, brunch, and lunch, and to my surprise, it was  delicious. 

I highly recommend the warm goat cheese appetizer (you'll need extra bread for this one). And for breakfast/brunch you will not regret getting the blueberry french toast - it's to die for. The french toast is crispy and not at all soggy, has an appropriate thickness. It's served with a high quality house made whipped cream and syrup. Yum!! Can't wait to go back (just not for dinner).Food: 4
Ambiance: 4
Service: 3

I love French Toast.  I order it nearly every time I brunch, which is often. Mon Ami Gabi's French Toast easily ranks in my top 5.  The blueberry compote and syrup...the whipped cream...deliciousness. We arrived on a weekday a little after 11 AM, when they normally stop serving it, but they allowed us (and other tables) to order it.  Phew!  

We also ordered the Classic Steak Frites (good) and Prime Steak Sandwich (yum).  A complimentary crusty, warm, soft French baguette was also served.  

This place is a must for whenever you brunch in Vegas. The view of the Bellagio Fountains is a nice backdrop.  Although our reservation was for the Main Dining Room (they don't take reservations for the patio area), there were plenty of tables available on a weekday, so we were given the option of which area we would like to sit in.  The hostess and bussers were excellent.  Wish I could say the same for our server, who wasn't bad, but just all right.Very nice place. 
Had goat cheese , chicken brie burger - recommend both. full of flavor.
sangria was ok.
server was excellent
great vibeExcellent service, excellent burger, excellent steak, excellent chicken, excellent outdoor and indoor seating. Took my in laws the second time we went & they loved it! Great pricing as well!I went to this restaurant by myself and was about to be seated in a table in a corner with no view. I promptly requested another table. 

After I got a better table, I sat down and promptly served with a warm mini baguette with whipped warm butter. I was happy. This is a restaurant who's smart to WARM their butter. Honestly, why do some restaurants serve chilled, cold butter I do not understand, particularly those who serve cold butter with room temperature bread. Why? 

Anyway, back to the bread. 

Starving, I broke part of the baguette and smeared it with butter. Oh my God.. when you're hungry, eating a warm baguette that's crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, smeared with warm whipped butter is to die for. My mouth was so happy. The waitstaff put a small pat of minced garlic for the bread but I prefer sugar with my bread and butter. Haven't tried the bread-butter-sugar yet? Try it. It's very good. The sugar needs to be the refined, regular sugar though. Sweet n low, Splenda and all the fake sugar crap won't cut it.

Mm.. mmm. I ordered the appetizer (melted cheese with marinara sauce with garlic toasted bread) and salad (roasted pear with bleu cheese, walnuts and mix of greens).

The melted cheese was good, but I wished it was real cheese rather than cream cheese. The salad was superb. I was too full to order dessert even though I really wanted to try their banana foster. 

This restaurant has one of the best location in Las Vegas. Imagine dining on the terrace on a nice evening with the Bellagio waterworks in action. Next time I have to bring my dad here since he loves watching the Bellagio waterworks.

Nice.I'm partial to French cooking so I always try to eat at Mon Ami Gabi when I'm in Vegas.   It's located in the Paris casino overlooking the Las Vegas strip.  If you manage to score a seat outside you'll get a great view of not only the human traffic on the strip but of the fountain show across the street at the Bellagio.  

I always have the same meal only varying on which type of Steak Frites: French Onion Soup, Steak Frites and Crème Brûlée.   The Steak Frites is a treat for me because it gives me a break from the usual steakhouse fare of filets, ribeyes and strips (although they serve those as well).   It's simple to make and there's nothing better to eat.  It's a thin, lean cut with less marbling and best cooked rare to medium rare.   My favorites are the Steak Clasique, Steak Roquefort or Steak Bearnaise.  You'll also find many other French staples such as baguettes and escargot.Incredible breakfast all the way around. Elegant location, scrumptious food, and superb service. Perfect location as well.Good food, great service - the balcony has got the best view of Bellagio water show.  I tried the escargot for the first time there.  Loved it!Family and I were looking for a nice meal in Vegas after sheer disappointment the night before at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant.

Definitely an amazing meal! I had the daily special which was an amalgamation of Eggs Benedict & salsa verde while my wife got lemon crepes. The service was impeccable and the price was fair.

Come for breakfast and sit on the patio!Love sitting outside at night eating here. Amazing view of the fountains. Needs some different menu items, but still decent.Oh my word, this food is amazing! Pricey and a long wait if you don't have a reservation, but well worth it. Wait staff was very attentive and helpful. Mac and cheese was great. Large portions, we had to take some home.  Will go next time we are in Vegas.Excellent gazpacho, warm Brie and chicken crepe and spinach, asparagus, Brie quiche. Delicious food and nice ambience. Service was attentive but a little slow. A little over an hour. I guess we're just used to eating and running!Mon Gabi is my wife and I's favorite restaurant in Vegas, it's that simple. We go every time and enjoy both brunch and dinner there. 
The hash browns there are heavenly but they have seemed to change over the years and not in a good way. Hopefully they fix this. 
The blue cheese olive Martini is also heavenly. Not a typical offering, which is refreshing. We enjoy everything here, it's really hard to make a better point for me. I encourage it, give them a shot.Love the ambience, service and food! Patio great!What a great experience. My father and I went for my birthday - we usually hit up a steakhouse, as I'm a steak LOVER - was a challenge trying to find one that got solid reviews, but then Mon Ami Gabi fell into my lap, we made the reservation and fell in love with the steak. 

Great wine selection, best of all the waitstaff was trained on how to pair the wine with the food selection. The food came quick, but not too quick (didn't feel rushed), and the environment was fun, casual, but classy as well. 

I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi for dates, good food, birthdays, or if you just want a classy meal. 

I also love that the restaurant is located across from the Bellagio and if you sit outside you have an incredible view of the water show. 

Enjoy! It's worth it!Mon Ami Gabi est excellent; bon emplacement et bonne nourriture... Coming to Vegas twice a year for tradeshows, one of my fave must-eat spots has become Mon Ami Gabi. Easy on the pocket book, good ambience, fairly sized portions, and tasty through and through!

Outside of the tourist trap it has become (I guess the location says it all), I prefer this restaurant to many on the strip for a quick meal. Close your eyes and your whisked away to Paris? Not really! But, the meals and service seem to fall in line with it's kitsch boho chic aesthetic. I'm a fan of vintage, what can I say...

We had a lunch and dinner here this week, and both were handled very well. The burger at lunch, with an egg, was fantastic. So good in fact, the gf stole it and swapped lunches with me! Who said chivalry wasn't dead? I ended up having the open-faced crab salad sandwich, not great, but definitely fed my hunger appropriately.

All in all, Mon Ami Gabi gets the thumbs up for always providing a good meal, day or night. Now back to writing the rest of my week of Vegas experience...This place always has an extremely long line at any hour of the day! I came here for breakfast at 10 am on a Wednesday. The patio was completely full but we were seated in the greenhouse area which is just as lovely. The decor at this place is classic and authentic. Their breakfast menu is very large and has everything from large entrees to little pastries. 
I decided on the lemon pancakes. The pancake is large and very thin, more like a crepe than a pancake. It is served with lemon marmalade and cream. It sounds simple but it was one of the most delicious brunch items I have ever tasted! The marmalade was so flavorful and you could tell it was all made from real lemons. I would definitely come back if I had a reservation, but the long wait is definitely off-putting.Entering Paris hotel and casino? Immediately turn left and you'll find this little gem that is great for brunch! Sit out on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountain show rather than sitting indoors (which is pretty dim). If you are here before 11AM, the fountain show is only once or twice an hour, so be warned.

They have juicy mimosas and bloody marys accented nicely with particularly fresh celeries, but their bloody marys look watery rather than the thick consistency you would expect from the tomato liquor. Anyhow, sweet and salty cravings can be satisfied here with their perfectly done eggs any way you like them (omelettes, poached, eggs benedict--yum!) or delectable french toast. The french toast...it is a beauty, crunchy outside and stretchy/fluffy inside with blueberries dancing atop. The blueberry syrup is not syrup at all, but a puree. Make sure the bite you take with your fork has a good proportion of toast, powdered sugar, whipped cream, blueberries, and blueberry syrup.My wife and I's favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas, it never lets us down.

We were immediately seated in the bar/patio (inside) with an incredible view of the Strip and the Bellagio's fountains. Our server was Herve who was very French and very good. 

Our starter's were the French Onion Soup which was bursting with cheese and flavor and the Mussels Marinière. It was our first time with the mussels and they were just incredible. We will definitely get them again. 

I followed it up with the Steak Bearnaise which is a very thin New York I believe served with Bearnaise on the side and the best frites, my wife had the signature steak which is an 8oz filet topped with merlot butter and the same frites.For a business trip I planned a group dinner for about 15 colleagues, and put the word out to our Vegas office for recommendations. The head wrote back immediately recommending M-A-G, and got the ball rolling for me. Eventually for a party of 10 we had a private room, our own server and sommelier. The staff invited us over early to check out the personalized menu, wine list, and to see the room.

Thanks to the advance planning, everything was smooth as butter. We had people coming and going all through the meal, and the servers didn't bat an eyelash. Thanks to our local office, we also got a lower minimum for the reserved room, which was a really nice touch, and even though we were inside we had a perfect view of the fountains. If you need to get a group meal going, this is a great place to do it. The private rooms accommodate a good number of guests, so chances are M-A-G will work. And I haven't really mentioned the food, but it was great across the board. Everyone was happy, no complaints--I think that says it all!I enjoyed the food and atmosphere here! It was a bit pricy, but I had enough leftover for dinner! Great place to stop by while you're exploring the strip.Voulez vouz monge avec moi!!!!  Came to this place on a Sat afternoon and ate in the patio area.  Ordered the blueberry french toast...cant account for what everyone else in our party ate.  Hands down the best french toast I've ever had in my life.  Mind you, FT is my fav breakfast item and I've been to Paris France twice!   Great view plus great food equals 4 stars.AFFORDABLE FRENCH FOOD. 'nuff said.

My friends and I all suddenly wanted to get some French food while in Vegas, so we obviously stop by Paris (hotel) right? ....if only it was the REAL Paris :P

I was feeling seafood-ish, so I went ahead and got the Sea Scallops. The dish doesn't look much quantity-wise, but the quality was soo gooood. I had watched enough food channel and cooking shows to know what perfectly seared scallops look like - a little crispy on the outside, but a beautiful gradient from opaque white to a translucent white. The sauce is a little on the heavier side, so it managed to fill me up quite well. 

but yes.... the BAGUETTE! It was so freshly made and the butter spread was also delicious. My friend even needed to ask for a whole new serving all for himself. The flourless chocolate cake is also amazing, moist, and CHOCOLATEY in all the right ways.

Very satisfying lunch/brunch indeed!Every time my wife and I have gone to Mon Ami Gabi we've had an enjoyable romantic time.  Overlooking the Bellagio water fountain show the ambiance is relaxing.  Given the parade of strange people walking past you it is still romantic.  Food wise we had great steaks.  Mac and cheese was creamy good.   Had the "house" merlot and it was passable given the economy price.   Obviously the one drawback is the wait for a patio table.  1 3/4 hours, so back time when you really want to eat because you'll wait. But knowing that and you'll be in a good place. Have a drink in the spies bar, slip some quarters in the slots. You'll have a great meal.What can I contribute that roughly 3,700 Yelpers haven't already communicated about this place... My wife and I came here for breakfast and I was disappointed by the service. I ordered a caramel latte and it had no caramel. I told the waitress and she said she would check. When she back she told me they were out of caramel and offered another beverage, which I replaced with tea. For breakfast I ordered the eggs Benedict special which replaced the Canadian bacon with mushrooms. this was pure perfection... I laid my knife into the egg to watch the yellow gloriousness ooze out and it was perfect. The second offering was over cooked and I was highly disappointed. I told the waitress and she fixed it immediately. The third issue we had was with the coffee service. Twice I had to get up and track down someone to refill my wife's coffee. This place is located perfectly on the strip and has a warm, cozy, and inviting atmosphere. The outside patio is perfect for enjoying your meal. Please note for dinner make a reservation don't try to walk in. I will return to this place in the future.Incredible!  Forget the waiting line for the patio..go early and tip well.  You Wil get out there to enjoy the Bellagio fountains.  Food I'd just as good as it can be for Grench Food!  Will be going back.Came here for an early dinner before going out with the girls. They bring a Baguette to your table, which is warm and yummy upon arrival :) I got the filet mignon with a red wine reduction and it was delicious. The portion for the price is reasonable, but you should look to spend about $50 per person especially if you're getting steak.

I also got the baked brie to share with my fellow diner, which was just okay. The steak is definitely worth trying though. 

Note: please do not try to come here after a pool party in your cover up or bro tank, they will not let you in. Actually that's exactly what my friend did, and they were nice enough to give him an oversized t-shirt with sleeves to put on over his bro tank. Perhaps this tip can save you the embarrassment. Luckily I wasn't with him when he went to dine there :)Thanks, Yelpers!
We were a party of five that wandered into the Paris Hotel for dinner Sunday night, found a list of the restaurants there, and used my phone to figure out which was right for us. We had a lovely meal in a beautiful pseudo-French setting (that looked very much like a Parisienne brasserie.  Service was nice; food was good.

Be prepared if you're a pommes frites lover, these frites are more like freshly fried chips. We all liked them a lot, but I've never seen those in France.

If they're serving cold cucumber soup when you're there, get it. Absolutely great!Wow, looks gimicky from the outside, but a foodie's paradise on the inside.  The steak and fries best ever had.  Everything was of hardy portions despite it's French influence.  Not too foo foo for your big Amercican apetite, this menu has enough variety to please many people.  Will probably my go to place when I'm hungry, want good food, breath-taking views and reasonable prices!Pricey, but nice. 
Delicious. =) 
I think their buffet in the hotel has a great selection. The last time we ate there it was their breakfast buffet which we used the 7 buffet passes with. Everyone liked it. No complaints. And everyone seemed to have enjoyed their dinner here as well...Absolutely love this restaurant. Though I initially had the most difficult time pronouncing it and have no clue as to what it means, I know that it embodies everything I love about fine dining: beautiful scenery, delicious food, great music, perfect ambiance.

Mon Ami Gabi is located in Paris on the Vegas Strip. I highly suggest you reserve seats outside in the patio the get the most out of your dining experience here. At night, you'll have an incredible view of the Bellagio fountain show. I didn't even know about the outdoor seating until I finished my meal and saw people seated at the patio.

The servers were extremely friendly. They walk around with number tags instead of name tags, which I found pretty weird. I asked my server for her name because she was so polite and made my experience here so delightful. Unfortunately I forgot her name, but I think it was Michelle? she was wearing a headband. 

Anyway, the food was delicious. I had the seared salmon. Friends got the steak bordelaise, mussels mariniere, hanger steak, fish and frites, and everyone was raving about their dishes. Topped off the meal with bananas foster crepe, and it was a perfect ending.  

I will definitely be back for my next Vegas trip and we'll definitely take advantage of patio seating. Highly recommend!Brunch today with high school buddies before the Super Bowl. Had an open table reservation for the patio and table was ready 15 minutes early. Service was quick and friendly. I had the seafood crepe ($15.95) and coffee.  Crepe was smallish , topped with four grilled shrimp and two scallops. It as excellent. 

Didnt feel like the pricing was out of line, actually for the strip it was a cheap. Can recommend.Best hash browns I've ever had. Eggs were great. Pricey but worth it. We already can't wait to go back.Always stellar service, food, and atmosphere.   3rd time there,  1st for breakfast.   I had their special which was an Eggs Benedict. So delicious.  When there I always sneak a bite off everyone's plate.  Take the risk of a hand slap from your dining partners.   The reward is worth it. 

1 downside and deduction was that they have too many tables crammed onto the patio.   I think there used to be more room.  I would've opted for inside seating had I known we would be chair tilting into people all around.

Still a solid 4 and I'm glad to see this now Vegas staple is still doing well.Best place to have a steak, some wine, and people watch on the outdoor patio. Also nice for a birthday dinner or celebration of some sort.   

Had the filet mignon - fabulous.  I wanted it rare+ and it was cooked to perfection. I hate when the steak is over-cooked!  The fries it came with were crispy and delicious.  Not to mention, the french onion soup....I still crave it to this day! 

It's about $50/person and totally worth every penny.  

Make a reservation though cause it does get busy.  It's an extra wait to sit on the patio but worth it.Cozy French bistro offering savory and delectable breakfast, brunch and dinner. Had spinach and got geese omelet sever with crispy hash brown and crispy toast with sautéed green beans. Fluffy and soft with perfect seasoning and fresh coffee made it a perfect mid-morning pick me up meal. The patio would have been the ideal spot to eat but the wait was long so we settled for the inside table which was nice too. It was a satisfying meal .Went for lunch today... 110 degrees outside.... so decided to sit in the conservatory instead of directly on the patio. Still a fabulous view and a few degrees cooler.
Lunch was great!
Escargot was very nice, and the baguette bread dipped in the pesto garlic butter sauce....YUMMY!!!
Lobster Roll and House Special Chicken Sandwich were delicious.
Really like this place... nice food, nice ambiance, good service, I recommend giving it a try.Breakfast that suits Las Vegas, yummy and different. Had the poached eggs over chickpeas toast and crepe with berries, perfect location and pro staff.OH MY GOD! 

I had the Croissant Sandwich (the freshest croissant I have ever had). My friend got the Egg white with tomato/avocado Omelette. Super fresh, super good. We shared an order of the French Toast with blueberries & whipped cream - absolutely to die for! The most delicious French Toast I have had....hands down. Service was great too.Grabbed a late breakfast here. Very short wait for the patio on a weekday, sitting outside was nice and relaxing. Had the scrumptious chicken, apple and brie crepes. Mmm!! 

It's pricey ($13 for the crepes), but it's a restaurant at a fancy hotel in Vegas, what do you expect. Maybe next time I'm out there I'll go back for dinner.One of my favorite places to dine in Las Vegas!! Be sure to ask for the patio.  Nothing beats Steak au poivre with a Bellagio fountain view!We were told this was one of the best places to eat at on the strip while enjoying the outdoor seating.  We were not mislead at all.  We enjoyed our tours of flavors.  We started out with an appitizer of some mushrooms and cream cheese cooked and sauteed in a red wine sherry with black garlic.  Amazing!  Drinks the ladies had Sangria while we enjoy craft beers on tap.
For our meals I orderd the Filet along with the red wine butter sauce.  Amazing!  The wife orderd scallops with snap sweet peas and corn with a mint pea puree.  Scallops cooked perfectly and steak was perfect.  Our friends had a chicken and mushroom crepes which was the best.  
We finished the meal by splitting a Bannanna cream fosters.  It was a 10.  Flavors were all spot on.  This came served in a brown butter sweet sauce for dipping.  Wow!
Pricey menu, great food, great service, great outdoor seating, so I suppose the saying is true.  You get what you pay for.Went for late lunch/early dinner and for breakfast last week. Mon Ami has become our Vegas tradition. Filet with merlot butter and a bottle of champagne on the patio while watching the fountains is the perfect first "we are here" meal. For breakfast we had Quiche Lorraine, nutella waffle and banana foster waffle...all great...add on the date glazed bacon.I have loved eating at Monami since my first visit.  The staff is always nice and helpful, and the food is delicious.  The first time I came, I had the filet mignon which was the best fillet I had tasted to date.  Always have to munch on the bread & butter, carrot spread or pate.  Try to put your name in for the patio seating at night so you can watch the Bellagio water show while eating.  We always make it a point to have one meal at Monami while in Vegas.  Breakfast dishes are also very good and the coffee is perfect.This place never disappoints. Ask for a table on the strip patio. Worth the wait! Oh now I love to watch the crazy drive by while shipping a French martini. Goat cheese appie is delish! Have had several items here, all good. Very good burgers. Strong pours in drinks and wonderful service. Great spot for lunch or a quick appetizer and drink while walking the strip!The brunch food is just plain ol' good french food I'll find anywhere on the streets of Orange County. I'm so glad I chose to eat here instead of an infamous buffet; same cost but less evil on the body. 

The wait to sit outside is about 5 times that of sitting indoors (actually, we didn't have to wait at all for a table inside), but the atmosphere is calm and soothing; the food, I'm sure, is just as great.

The whipped cream from the blueberry pancakes is to die for. I dipped everything in there at least once, even my eggs benedict. 

If you're with a group of girls and don't feel like binging, start the day out here and you won't regret!Sat on outside deck with great view of Bellagio fountains ..Our waiter was fantastic ...super attentive and pleasant ! Hot French bread in a bag was Delish. Served with butter and a funky lettuce and veggie soaked in vinegar relish. Unique but I will stick to plain ole butter. 
Onion soup was incredible. Tons of cheese and super flavor ...
Tenderloin with merlot glaze was perfectly cooked ...everyone at table was very satisfied . One crazy thing is the bathroom isn't in restaurant. You have to go out into Casino ?????
A tad pricey but worth it.First off the food was delicious, but secondly our service was phenomenal.

My friends and I dined at Mon Ami on a Tuesday morning (about 11 AM). We were seated in an area that was kind of outside, but also inside (because they had all the glass windows open to the outside dining area). I was quite pleased with out seating because it afforded us a view of the outside, but kept us from the literal "street-view" of the Strip. 

Our server was a congenial lovely woman who definetely has a knack for serving and making her guests feel at ease. Throughout the entire meal she refilled coffees, brought Diet Pepsis out without us having to ask, and truly made an effort to romanticize our lovely French dining experience.

We started our meal with the Escargot, which were swimming in a potent pesto and garlic sauce. The snails' texture was spot-on, not chewy, simply a good mouth-feel, and the garlic, while very prevalent, added to the escargot, it did not distract.

My Onion Soup was served with the appetizer and I was fairly happy with the soup. I thought though it had a bit too much of a sweet taste for my liking. The crouton and cheese ratio was a bit off, with there being a just a *tad* too much cheese. I almost felt bad leaving some of it in my cup, but I had really had enough of it as I got toward the end of the cup.

As for my main dish I stuck with a classic - Quiche Lorraine. The flavors were mixed well - not too much of any ingredient, and the crust was classic - flaky, but not too crunchy or over-baked. Perfect for a quiche. The quiche around the outside was a bit dry, but as you moved inward it became a much better mix of eggs and cheese. 

I ended with the Chocolate Mousse - a refreshingly light dessert, yet it is chocolate so it has that little bit of decadence you want with a dessert. It has little crunchy Kit-Kat like chocolate balls on top of it and is served with some amazing whipped cream on the side. I also sampled my friend's chocolate tart and believe me, that dessert is absolutely worth every penny. I sampled the Bananas Foster from my other friend's plate that too was absolutely delicious.

Overall I must say Mon Ami had good food with just a few minor flaws, but the pristine service made up for it. 5 Stars indeed.Yippy!  Make-your-own bloody mary bar! Chose the vodka and go to town.  They have recipies to help you out if you need it.  We tried Mon Ami Gabi for Sunday brunch.  First off, I loved eating in the atrium (light, airy and classic), and probably prefered it to eating outside (who wants to feel like they're right on the strip amidst icky large groups and las vegas grime while spending a bit for brunch?).  Secondly, the service was OUTSTANDING.  The waitress even put in a special request for a specific  crepe filling not on the menu (the kitchen made it- smoked salmon, egg and jack cheese if you're curious).  Crepes were enormous and delicious (just too bad I couldn't lug a doggie bag around with me all day).  Not too expensive ($50 with tax and tip and champagne) .Yumyumyum. Will definatley go again.Went there for lunch. The wait wasn't that bad. It only took us ten minutes to get a seat outside. The atmosphere was great especially when the bellagio fountain is right across the street. Food was decent, but it was reaaaaalllllyyyyyy slow.***BEST Salmon Egg Benedict that I have ever tasted!!!! 

This place has one of the best views of the Bellagio foundations, so I highly recommend eating outside. I originally wanted to check out this place because of the reviews. Although I didn't really get to tried what I wanted to tried at this place I went for the alternative. Aside from the view, Mon Ami Gabi has the BEST Salmon Egg Benedict that I have ever tried. The poached egg was PURFECT done. I don't know that they did to the egg, but it just seem to have more yolk oozing out of that thing. The lemon sauce it worked so well with the entire plate. I really have no complaints about this place. I really cannot wait to tried their French Onion Soup, escargot and the beef wellington. That day will soon come!!!

RECOMMENDATIONS:

1. Salmon Egg Benedict (5+/5- BEST in LAS VEGAS)Finally made it to Mon Ami Gabi!  I drive by it everyday at work, and I always heard good things...so when Iwas craving Escargot for lunch, this was the first place that came to mind!

Escargots De Bourgogne : Oven Roasted Snails in Garlic-Herb Butter. These were very good, and the garlic/herb butter was great!  Hit the spot for our craving :)  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=b4nRLCaDHXgmKXlkrwdALw#b4nRLCaDHXgmKXlkrwdALw

First entree was the Croque Monsieur : Ham, Gruyere Cheese, Creme Fraiche. This was a great sandwich! I really liked the combination of tastes and flavors esp when adding the spicy mustard!  Yummy!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=LJuJ8l7hocQY3wSaTKx96Q#LJuJ8l7hocQY3wSaTKx96Q

Second was the Steak Frites Classique : Maitre D'hotel Butter. This was a very good thin cut steak...fork/tender cut of beef. The flavor was great with the butter and herb top as well!  I think this will be one of the best steaks on the strip for $20-25!  Pic :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=Hqc8Y10ceuyh3zSZGVtueQ#Hqc8Y10ceuyh3zSZGVtueQ

If you sit outside, you will have a decent view of the fountains as well as people watching on the strip.  Service was fast and friendly here as well.

They are CRAZY busy here though...make a reservation, most likely an hour or two ahead during lunch hours at least!  But it will be worth the wait :PSome of the best French toast I have ever had! The blueberry syrup and whipped cream made it even more perfect.Best steak and fries I have had in years. Great spot at Paris and outstanding service. Now a go to spot every time I am in Las Vegas.MON AMI GABI is really what most Vegas restaurants should be -- but are not.

1.  Indoors/Outdoors.  They have dark indoors, a big glass room semi-indoors, and an outside patio.

2.  In a great spot.  (Under the Eiffel Tower, across from the Bellagio Fountains.)

3.  A broad menu.  (Despite being a 'French' restaurant, it's been Americanized enough for any visitor to find something tasty on the menu.)

4.  Prices are strip reasonable.  Meaning you're not being r-ped, which more and more is a disturbing trend on the strip.  

SIDEBAR

I get it that some restaurants want to be exclusive and riff-raff free.  That a dashing man and his fabulous babe want to be dressed to the nines... nowhere near the overweight shorts and wifebeater clan clasping four foot tall plastic Eiffel Tower Diabetes Cocktails.   So if such places want to charge $60 a pound for fish (Hello MILOS) you're welcome to do so.

However, too much of the strip is joining in this bank account draining pricing scheme.  Places that are inside dim strip hotels, with no view, inconvenient from the street, with limited menus.  If this trend doesn't stop soon... it'll be cheaper to gamble for your dinner at a roulette table.  Seriously --

-- may I speak on behalf of all Yelpsters and say WE DON'T GIVE A CREPE IF TABLE GAMBLING IS DOWN IN VEGAS and that can't be used as an excuse to serve $25 hamburgers.   Vegas is supposed to be fun... not a grapefruit enema.

END SIDEBAR

Anyway -- MON AMI GABI still gets that.  The service -- although not really French -- is quite good and the restaurant is more than accommodating.  They did something for us on late afternoon that no restaurant has ever done for me.  I don't want to say it out loud or it might ruin it, but let's say it's akin to offering a Happy Hour hours before the actual Happy Hour starts.  NO ONE DOES STUFF LIKE THIS... but Mon Ami Gabi did.  With zero complaint.  They warned us our food might take a bit longer... but it wasn't any longer than any Vegas lunch.

If you want a really romantic meal, this isn't the kind of place to do it unless you get a table on the street and you LOVE noise and crowds.  However, if you like a fun place that takes you out of Vegas while somehow being in the center of it -- give MON AMI GABI a try.A must for breakfast everytime I am in Vegas. Come early to get patio seating.  Smoked Salmon Benedict was a staple but now it might be the Blueberry French Toast or Corned Beef Hash.  Get there!If you can deal with the crowds and a wait time (even with reservations, they will keep you waiting for at least 15 minutes in my experience), this place has an amazing menu and atmosphere.  The hanger steak is my favorite thing on the menu- the sauce is amazing and it comes with fries that are fried in duck fat, which sounds so weird but is so good.  Try the brie appetizer as well, it comes with clover honey and toasted hazelnuts.  Omg.  

And the view! Perfect place to people watch... and weirdo watch, since the patio is literally 10 feet from Las Vegas Blvd.  Which also means this is not the place for you if you want a quiet night out.5 stars for the steak alone. We tried the Bourdalaise steak.. and oh my god, it's the juiciest and best steak I've had. The caramelized onions and sauce were so perfect. Definitely recommend and would definitely order again and again. 

I knocked off one star because the other dish, Tuna Nicoise Salad, was a bit underwhelming. The tuna was nicely seasoned/peppered, but everything else was just okay. The dish in its entirety was not worth $18. Would not order again. 

Overall, we had a great dining experience. Our waitress was extremely attentive and friendly.Ambiance was very French (duh) and quaint. Try to get a table by the window; you'll see glimpses of the Fountains at Bellagio!

Will definitely be back when I'm in Vegas.GREAT location. Wait for a table outside, because it's honestly worth it. The escargot? Interesting and a cool experience. Comes with 6 of them and it's not incredible and not terrible. We got the special of the night which was a Sea Bass, but was surprised at the size. It's good, but for $38 and 7os I'd suggest going with another fish entree. The espresso martini is great, and if you don't want it too sweet, get it with regular vodka instead of the vanilla. I hear the brunch is much better than dinner, but for what you get here for the cost and location, it's not a surprise it's one of the most popular restaurants on the strip. Last tip is to get a reservation LATER than 8 on a weekday. Outside is first come first serve, but usually available after 8.Really good steak. Sauce was good too. The fries some of us loved (they we're really thin) and some of us found them kind of hard to eat so they didn't even finish them. Staff was really nice and service was so quick, almost to quick. 45 minutes after we arrived we were done with our meal. Lovely atmosphere, though you we're kind of in need of a reading lamp to read the menu.Great food, service and value! Their salmon dish is delishous!Favorite dishes: escargot, seafood crepe, mussels, salmon salad, and crab cakes.
I always come here whenever I go to Vegas just to eat their escargots. Best escargot!!!I LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant. 

I'm probably a sucker for it because my family had a special dinner there for my dad the first time I was there and everything was just PERFECT. The pinot noir bottle that my boyfriend had bought was smooth, light, and delicious with dinner. The bartender had suggested it and it was excellent- she was highly knowledgeable. 

We had escargot for appetizer- my first time and loved it!

Lobster and steak was cooked to perfection, savory, buttery, and all that healthy stuff. ;p

BUT the view.. the view was so nice. We were front and center outdoor patio where you caught the water show at the Bellagio every 15 mintues. I LOVED it. It was a free show with dinner!

The only reason I didnt give it a 5 star was because yelp doesn't do half stars and the second time I came was with my boyfriend and we were stuck in the way back. I was able to see the show but unfortunately was not able to watch it with him. It's a hit or miss when you get seated here. But the view of the water show does make the difference for me. 

FOOD is YUM. Thats a 5 star all the way.  Scallops and bone in rib-eye. BOMB!

Have not been here for brunch or lunch but have heard delectable things!nice gourmet food and classy atmosphere with the water fountain view of Bellagio.
price is reasonable.I came with a group of friends as a celebration dinner. I was a little worried because someone else picked this place and I have Celiac Disease, so if I eat anything with wheat in it I get really sick. After a little bit of research I found that this is one of the top restaurants in Las Vegas for people that need a gluten free meal. I was not disappointed, I was blown away by our experience here! They have a whole gluten free menu! Our server was very knowledgeable about what I could and could not have. I was even able to have gluten free bread! The filet mignon was the best I have EVER tasted (and I used to work at one of Denver's top steakhouses!)! The sauce and seasoning was absolutely savory. I have a hard time getting my meat cooked to the medium-well-plus that I like, not here! My filet was cooked EXACTLY how I love it! They even had several gluten free dessert options! When we were getting to leave our server told me that they also have great gluten free breakfast and lunch options as well. Yes, it was a little on the expensive side, but it is worth it because for the food quality and service we received. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Las Vegas and can't wait to return next time! Thank you Mon Ami Gabbi!!Ate here to treat myself (TM) after a long, exhausting trip in Vegas and had a pretty good experience. The restaurant was lovely and in general I liked the food. Baguette - absolutely addictive; we tore through it in minutes. Escargot - good, mostly because of that delicious buttery sauce. Does it make me uncultured swine if I recommend saving the sauce so you can dip your bread in it? Prime steak frites - pretty tasty. Reasonably priced at $30, I would say. Creme brulee - OK. The only negative thing about my experience was I kind of got bad vibes from the service. Our server was beyond sweet & attentive, but the hostess was a bit rude. Oh well. Overall, I was glad I tried this place out.My fiance and I came here last week for our birthdays, and we got to sit in the atrium area, which to both of us is the perfect spot: you get to feel like you're outside, without actually being out in the heat.

Our waiter was great, and the food was either great, or just alright:
- The scallop appetizer was absolutely amazing
- The french onion soup was great, but I do wish they offered a different size portion, because they only offer one size, and it's definitely something to split with someone else
- The croque monsieur was alright, but I do think the sandwich would be better if the sauce was ordered on the side rather than on top of the sandwich
- The prime steak sandwich was okay; nothing special
- The frites are amazingThis place has so much hype, but let me just say it really lives up to it! By suggestion, I came here for brunch with the boo. Since it is a French place, I decided to branch out from my usual eggs benedict to try out the chicken and apple crepe... Great choice! Wow, the crepe was the perfect amount of delicious food to start a relaxing day and their mimosas were on point. My boyfriend ordered the corned beef and hash, and it was so good too. 

We came on the earlier side so it wasn't packed, but if you want to try secure a seat outdoors, try to make a reservation ahead of time. There's some annoying construction right on the sidewalk in front of this restaurant, but it didn't really put a damper on the experience, in my opinion.Review for Friday Lunch

We sat inside since it was quite sunny outside.  Their patio dining is First-Come, First-Serve, and when it's not HOT... it's great to sit outside and people watch. Sitting inside, it's quieter and cooler.

My friend and I enjoyed a lovely leisurely lunch where we could catch up and gab and enjoy a wonderful lunch.  

She had the mussels which came in a butter garlic sauce and that was truly lick-the-plate-clean worthy.  And I had the crab cake and a small side salad.  Perfect for a lighter lunch.  We also each enjoyed a glass of white wine.  (What's great is our server let us try the wine first before we decided we wanted a glass.  Not everywhere will do this... so this is a PLUS in my book.)

They also provided French bread fresh out of the oven.  So much for trying to keep it light.  The bread was great for soaking up the mussel sauce/juice.  :)

Service was professional, polite and just-right!  We never wanted for anything.  :)

(By the way, they are open for breakfast too.)My boyfriend and I decided to come here since we were exploring Paris and we wanted something fancy but also affordable. We've noticed that there's two lines, one for indoor seatings which is first come first serve or patio seatings which takes about 40-60 minute wait. Of course, we sat inside.

Atmosphere: very small but also nice and romantic. This place is quite dark looking so please watch your step. Ok it's not that dark but it's dark enough to the point whenever I tried taking pictures of the food, it looked like it was burnt. Also there's a bar near where we sat and for some reason the day we went, it was extremely crowded! Fire hazard I tell you... 

Waitress: she was absolutely amazing. She's always smiling Whig made us feel very welcomed, especially when we cant even pronounce most of the stuff on the menu. She even recommended some few famous dish and the specials that were not on the menu. She looks like a pinup girl too. 

Okay enough with miscellaneous info. Time to get to the food. This is what we ordered:
-free baguette served in a bag and with thick butter and apple sliced with olive oil and some other flavors. I can eat that apple plate alone. So delicious!

-Escargot $11: cooked snail in pesto garlic butter. Not too buttery, but quite oily which is fine

-Beef bourgiguon $23: just like beef stew.. Cooked in wine and served on pasta. The beef was very moist and soft. The plate looks small but very filling.

-Medium Rare steak classique $24: steak was perfect.. Just the way we wanted. Comes with a large portion of fries. The fries look very different from other French fries and its really addicting.One of my very favorite places to dine.  Terrific from start to finish, great appetizers, terrific entrees and specials and sensational desserts (bread pudding is ridiculous).  A step below the price level of a lot of higher end strip restaurants, great views of the Bellagio water fountain as wellWow what great service and atmosphere the French onion soup is AMAZING sat outside and got to see the fountain show they have many heaters so inn the winter it makes it very comfortable we had Doug as our server amazing best waiter we have had in Vegas by far.Steak sandwich was really tasty! The manager with blonde hair and glasses was so sweet, she kept checking up on us! Will return when visiting the city!I love going here for brunch.  The Bloody Mary bar is fun.  Seating outside takes a little longer, but is worth it because you get a great view of The Bellagio fountains.  All of the food is amazing!  The service is always fantastic.  Worth the wait.I had breakfast and dinner here and both were amazing. I've been to Vegas twice now and this is the best place I've eaten there....or maybe ever in my whole life.Mon Ami Gabi might be your best brunch option on the strip.  The food is delicious and the view is exceptional of the strip and the Bellagio fountains, if the weather is right.  The line for brunch is always long and it is a little pricey, but overall a great meal.

I have been here two different times for brunch (never any other meal) while staying on the strip and both times were great.  The first time I had the french toast, which was was perhaps the best french toast I have ever had.  The next time I decided to try something new, so I had a ham and cheese omelette.  It was very solid, but still just an omelette.  They also have a great make-your-own bloody mary bar that is worth the price if looking to drink before noon.

Come to Mon Ami Gabi for brunch.  That is all.Juicy steaks !!!  Love sitting outside in early summer and watching the people.We made a reservation here for 2 and from start to finish everything was wonderful!  We got an edge seat right across from the fountain, so we got to see 3 fountain shows during dinner.  The waitstaff was kind enough to take photos for us with the fountain in the back.  The waitstaff work really well as a team so you are always attended to.  Katrina was our waitress.... super service and very knowledgable of the wine list.  My husband and I would come here again.  Portions are adequate.... not too big so you can actually finish your meal but not small so that you would leave hungry.  Excellent value.UPFRONT DISCLAIMER: I'm not a fan of Las Vegas. Don't like the Oz-like fantasy world and the wretched excess of blatant consumerism that is thrust in your face from every angle. And I'm tired of holding my breath so as not to catch a case of cancer from all the cigarettes as I try to take a shortcut through some casino to get to the street! So I'm kinda prejudiced against just about anything in that town save the Bellagio fountains (how can you not get a kick out of that??!!) 

Which brings up restaurants. More celeb restaurants per square foot here than anywhere else in the world and, quite frankly, it's all overkill. Most are factories with a big name attached. And yes, the food at these places can be decent. I just find them to be over-priced splurges for the masses who come here once a year on a big vacation!

But then there's Mon Ami Gabi. The only big name attached here is the Lettuce Entertain You folks out of Chicago who happen to run some pretty popular and very accessible restaurants from Chi-Town to Santa Monica. What they've done here at Paris, Paris is create a very friendly French Bistro & Terrace environment with pretty authentic French Bistro fare at a reasonable price -- all staged across the street from those killer fountains of Bellagio! This is not Alain Ducasse cuisine by ay stretch of the imagination but the recipes and preparations have integrity, the service is delivered with friendly attitude and the setting is cool.  Intimate it is not but you can find your own intimacy within the bustle and flow of the dining scene here. It's alive, glowing, engaging and delicious! We've been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner over several different trips and have always found it to be a good value, delicious and a pleasant escape from the frenetic antics of the Vegas denizens.

I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi! C'est si bon!The service here is excellent they're incredibly attentive (they'll fold your napkin when your not looking, so be on guard. lol) 
  My waiter coerced me into getting the "special" 16oz Porter house with Creamy Au Gratin and String Beans. At first sight I blushed like a little girl when I saw this beautiful piece of bloody meat laid before me, oh yeah this behemoth is pretty darn good too. They cooked in medium rare and served it as is with a little horse radish sauce, and that's all you need to achieve meaty nirvana. 
  But as much as I loved the porterhouse the half-chicken nearly stole the show, simply because it was prepared perfectly. I was at a lost for words for how good it was, I would have to say it rivals the one over at At Last Cafe.  
  The only bummer was that you had to walk out of the restaurant to find the bathrooms. Also if you make a reservation you better be on time or notify them, because they'll charge you $100 on your card. (wtf?!?! They don't play) 
 This place will make your wallet just a little more lighter, but you can't beat the outdoor seating overlooking the strip while dining on such fine cuisine.Lively atmosphere and qualify French food. We enjoyed the roasted chicken, steak Roquefort and French Onion soup but the best part was the chocolate mousse. Our server was polite and patient even though it was a busy night. However, some of the other assisting servers were less patient as they practically threw our dishes at us as they rushed to wait other tables.I ordered the salmon eggs benedict and a chocolate croissant. I also shared some bacon and this apple flavored sausage. Everything was 5 stars except the sausagen't very impressive. The service was good. They had an interesting bloody mary bar that had a lot of different hot sauces and garnishes. I guess they give you a glass of vodka and you just kind of throw in whatever you want. I noticed some slim-jim looking meat sticks as a garnish option. This is the second place (Volcano in Houston) that I've seen that offers meat garnishes for their bloody mary. 

The End.Came here during the early afternoon on a whim to randomly just pick a place to eat while walking the strip. This place is always packed and I heard it was good. My bf and I took a dive in hopes it wouldn't been too long of a wait. Either we were lucky or we came at the right time, the waiting time wasn't long at all.

Food is amazing and good. Service is good. Tight walking spaces though. 

Miss this place and definitely coming back when in town.Divine! I really enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi! WONDERFUL for breakfast!It seems like the old vegas standbys of coffee shops and buffets are not what they once were, namely cheap and accessible. Its not that I loved eating at the hotel coffee shop, but it is what you did. Well thankfully this trip to Vegas I did not settle for breakfast, instead walking around the strip until I found the outdoor seating at the Paris hotel. It looked to good to pass up and it was. I ended up going twice, each time enjoying the eggs and bacon, an excellent roll with chocolate, and fantastic fresh squeezed orange juice. It was such a pleasant way to start the day, with people watching being one of my favorite Vegas past times. The service was attentive, our server walked to another restaurant to get us whole bananas. The smoked salmon my wife had was much cheaper then the hotel coffee shop and great according to her. I loved this breakfast for taste, value, and simplicity. 

Next time you are in Vegas and do not want to settle for breakfast, head to Mon Ami Gabi and have a seat outdoor along LV Blvd. and enjoy the fine decision you made.Everytime we are in Vegas, my husband and I have to stop here for a meal, lunch or dinner. It's definitely become tradition at this point! 

It's French Bistro casual elegance with amazing service. Never felt like we were searching for the server, she was always near by and checking in on us. I do recommend making a reservation, otherwise the line to get in looks frustrating. 

Besides their delicious steaks (filet mignon always), the highlight for us is the chicken liver mousse pate appetizer. Everytime we order it we then say to each other "why didn't we just order two of these and call it a day". Maybe now that it's written down here we won't forget next time ;)Unpretentious, well done french food on the las vegas strip.  They offer very approachable classic french dishes, as well as the usual burgers and fries for non foodie types.  Expect nothing fancy; menu is also a bit limited.  Food is great tho, and atmosphere is comfortable with great outside dining (right across from the amazing bellagio fountain!).  Also, reasonable prices for vegas!Love love love this place food and service is amazing - get a lettuce card if you dine often for points also good st the Eiffel tower.So here's a night I won't ever forget - first time I've ever taken someone to dinner and had my card decline with no other form of payment on me...

After aimlessly walking the street looking for a great outdoor patio, we settled on Mon Ami Gabi both for the menu and for the romantic atmosphere vs. the pumping top 40 music that seemed to be playing everywhere else. This was my first time here and I was anxious to try their cuisine because I've heard great things about this place.

It took 30 mins to get seated since we requested the patio. We timed it well because many behind us were told 1 1/2 hrs. Our waiter was pleasant and patient with us, although there were times we wondered where he'd run off too because he kept disappearing. They brought out a warm baguette and some sort of bean salad as a starter, both were light and tasty while we looked over the menu. The bf wanted some Escargot, which I had never tried, I wasn't excited about it but told him I'd share it if he wanted it. It was better than I expected, tasted mostly like pesto. It was about as yummy as I think a person could make snails taste.

I was leery about ordering a steak because I didn't want to be let down so in the end I ordered the Gabi's Fish & Frits but substituted the Frits for Grilled Asparagus. The bf ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot and also substituted the Frits but for the Sauteed Mushrooms. Turns out I should of ordered the steak because I liked his meal better than mine, but my meal was good too. The fish was not battered, it was crusted which was a nice surprise, I could have used a little more tarter sauce but that's just because I love it.

The atmosphere was perfect. Romantic and a great view of the Bellagio fountains. There was plenty of people watching to keep our interest too.

When it came time to pay the bill I was horrified when my card declined. Turned out I was over my daily spending limit... stupid card. I'd only brought the one form of payment, my Debit card because I brought a little clutch out with me, not my entire purse. I went into the Casino to see if I could pull out any cash and that was declined too. The bf, not expecting to pay only had $43 on him so I was freaking out. But after talking to a manager they asked for my ID and they said they'd hold it until I came back and paid the following day. I was so relieved that they didn't make a scene or get upset. They handled it very well and I appreciated it immensely. I'll be back again, but next time I'll bring cash. :)Very impressed with this restaurant. I was just here last weekend for my bday dinner with the girls and it was a really nice experience for all of us. We were all dressed up and ready to get our grub on. Really enjoyed the atmosphere here, and our servers were so exceptionally nice and helpful. 

Before we ordered we got some bread and butter, and some other dish that was compliments of the chef but it was super tasty! (OMG, this reminds me, the server cleared our table and had this really cool tool that she used to get ALL the bread crumbs, I must get my hands on that thing!!!!) 

Anyway, we finally decided to order after taking a bajillion pics in our dinner dresses. At first we were expecting to eat very small portions of foods like the french people or something, but I must say the portions were all very generous and fulfilling. Everything was derricious and I couldn't have asked for better food and company for my bday! 

I would definitely visit Mon Ami Gabi again when I get the chance, but next time I'm going to enjoy my steak with the highly raved about view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio :)Très bien! C'est bon! Love everything about this restaurant! Vibes, service and food are excellent. We came with a famous chef and his wife and our family! This is a favorite "go to "restaurant for several people on our table. With eight foodies, we pretty much went all over the menu.

Some things to note:
Starters
French onion soup had just the right amount of cheese and not too salty. 
Petite Salad Maison which is the small plate of  mixed greens with vegetables dressed with a lemon-dijon vinaigrette, ok but not the best.
Wild Escargot in herb butter- two thumbs up
Crab cakes- decent 
Oyster Du Jour- Yes!! 
Smoked Salmon with brioche- wonderful
Mussels - ooooh la Ka, a classic ! Lovely dish!!! 
Warm Triple Cream Cheese- good 

Entrees
RIB EYE- More than half the table ordered the rib eye, which we all know is going to be excellent! And it was. The fries were a bit salty this time though.
BEEF WELLINGTON- special for the evening was prepared perfectly medium rare with a warm beautiful jewel like  red center!
SCALLOPS- another great dish
CHICKEN- very moist and flavorful
CRABCAKES- although it was good, we will pass on this dish next time
Macaroni and Cheese was creamy and heavenly

Tip: Grab an outdoor table! Starting in the late afternoon, you can watch the spectacular water fountain show at the Bellagio! Best Seats for viewing! All in all, this restaurant is solid!Had breakfast here.  Great location.  Great, yummy food.  Nice Gluten-free selection.  I would have expected their coffee to be better though.  Great people watching.  You can also see the Bellagio fountains from the patio.  Super friendly service, unlike the real Paris.  Highly recommend.I recommend al fresco dining over looking the Bellagio fountains. the steak and Frites along with fresh french bread make it a great place for lunch and people watching.Had an amazing experience here last week  with seven other girls. Everyone's food was fresh, hot and delish. Everyone decided to have the steak so I obviously had a salad and scallops hoping to finish everyone's steak (which of course I did)!!! I had the soft boiled and bacon salad- oh so yum. Imagine a nice fresh salad covered in bacon and a warm soft boiled egg over. As you cut the egg the magical yolk pours over the salad. The salad also has little pieces of toast that soak up the egg yolk. I'm salivating as I write this. Then I had the scallops gratin which was amazing. Fresh scallops smothered in buttah and cheese baked to perfection. Get a piece of warm baguette to dip and you are in business. Then I tried everyone's steak and every style was amazing. I prefer the classic butter- medium rare but everyone style was wonderful. I love the fries too- they are fried but not greasy. Dip those bad boys in bearnaise sauce and you've got fireworks. We also had the chocolate mousse which was rich and decadent. For drinks we split the sangria which was flavorful and strong! Yum! Loved this meal.Came here on Sunday with my friends for brunch to celebrate my bachelorette party and it was great! The service was fantastic and our waiter suggested the baked goat cheese for an appetizer and it was to die for! All of our food was fantastic and the experience overall was lovely.Rosie is the best waitress by far. We arrived later in the evening and had a small wait for a table but she was attentive and friendly. I was intrigued by the special of the day - a fish of some sort. Later, I realized that the fish specials cater to a, more, ah, mature crowd, and I should have gone with something a bit more daring. 

Based on my reaction to the plate when it arrived, she reminded me that if I didn't want it she would gladly replace it. Since she offered, I took her up on that and ordered something off the appetizer menu (lamb?) that was devine. 

Thank you to Rosie for taking control and making these guests VERY VERY pleased and VERY VERY likely to return.Came here after reading several great reviews on yelp. This is my my first time in Vegas and the first meal I had here and man oh man it was AMAZING!!! Sat outside and watched the fountain show at the Bellagio. Me and my bf had the chicken liver pate and the onion soup, 22oz steak with fries, half chicken and mashed potatoes and a large french sangria to drink... AMAZING! Must try! It's worth the wait at the door! And all the servers were super niceFor brunch, for dinner, for a date, with a group - I always love it here!  Bloody Mary bar at brunch is great.  Always love the quiche.  And the steak frites.  Always one of my favorites on the strip!Full of French favorites. Came here for brunch, but note breakfast food isn't served after 11am, though they still will make some breakfast options all day. We loved our server Maggie. She's super attentive, welcoming and really helpful. Maggie could be one of the best servers I've experienced. 

There are multiple rooms each with very different lighting ranging from very dark, to outside on the patio. (Clearly I'm suffering from a hangover).

LARGE BLOODY BAR
lots to choose from 

APPS
Hand-Cut Potatoes Chips - YES! 

Brussels Sprouts - excellent. Nice and toasty

SALAD
Warm Goat Cheese Salad - excellent salad with roasted tomatoes, and yes a heaping serving of warm goat cheese. This could be it's own meal.

ENTREE 
Seafood Crepes - Blew my mind! A must try. Scallops and shrimp.

Mac and Cheese - very tasty with options to add scallops or chicken.Fantastic view at night for the fountains @ the bellagio. Affordable food and decent wine selection and thanks to our waitress i asked for a red bordeaux and she recommended me a good one.I rarely give 5 stars, but this place definitely deserves a 5*.. For the quality of food, the service, and the atmosphere..If you want to go to dinner in Vegas and not spend a crazy amount of money, and of course eat delicous food GO HERE! The service is top notch, they listen to your questions and are always around the corner to help. I didnt really want wine that night, go figure and the waiter asked me what I was in the mood for and CREATED a drink for me! Which was delicous. 

The food is great too, start with a cheese plate, good amount of cheese and garnishes to start, and be careful not to fill up on the loaf of bread they give you! Its a bit addicting! The steaks are amazing with french fries you wont want to stop eatting! The Beef Wellingtion was also top knotch! Nothing like a perfectly cooked steak! 

Enjoy!Good food, good service, great price, and great patio view of the Bellagio fountains.  I came here for breakfast and was tempted by pretty much everything on the menu, but I ended up with the egg white omelet and sampled my husband's strawberry and banana big skinny pancakes.  Both were excellent.  I also had a ginger peach hot tea that smelled lovely and was very flavorful.  Our server was very fast even though the place was packed, so I was pretty impressed.  When I'm in Vegas again, I'll probably be heading here for breakfast.My wife made reservations for a party of 10. We arrived and were seated at the perfect table with a view of the bellagio fountains. Great service, great food, great night. Everyone enjoyedThis is a beautiful restaurant in a wonderful location on the Strip. I would come back to this place every single time I visit Las Vegas.This place is perfect for dates, but also for business meetings. 

There are 3 reasons to visit this restaurant:
- Amazing views of the Bellagio fountain
- Romantic outdoor/slightly indoor open seating. Mix of A/C and hot air is refreshing. Just a perfect, romantic ambiance. They really try to mimic eating in Paris
- Escargo (snail) dish. Every single restaurant that serves snail, I will order. (There's not many). I love the large amount of pesto and butter/oil they put on the snails, but just IMO add a little bit more salt, ask for some lemon, then it's perfect. Don't be scared to ask for more bread too. 

The food is definitely pricy but worth it ! I came during lunch hours, so it wasn't crowded and they were very efficient in serving and accommodating your preferences, whatever it is. 
All the dishes were served with positive attitude and a wonderful aesthetic. Thankfully the taste is just as great, if not better, than it looks. Just order anything, because there is no sub-par or bad food here. Not many times you remember for the rest of your life what a great lunch you had. But eating here was definitely one of the times in my life when I really remember having a great lunch. Maybe it depends who you bring with you to lunch, I guess. But I think either way, you wouldn't forget eating here even if you were by yourself.Really liked this place. Although it is a corporate chain, it did not feel that way at all. The service was top-knotch, the food looked and tasted great, and the bread was warm!  Add to that, the view of the Strip, and you have a great dinner before or after Jersey Boys! Well done, management!!Fantastic Brunch with great views and good service. 
We stopped in around 12 on Saturday and there was a line for the patio seating. We were hungry so we opted to sit anywhere, but we ended up with a seat against the window, facing the Bellagio fountains. Much better than outside!

We both had the Eggs Benedict with hash browns and I thought it was really good. Good size meal, decently priced, mimosas and a view! what else could you want?Had some excellent Duck a l'Orange. GREAT service, and balcony strip dining. A bit pricey, but worth a visit if you can afford it.Came here after a full day outdoors. French onion soup is on the saltier side but still yummy. Steak frites were goodAlways a favorite on our Vegas visits.  Highly recommend lunch in the patio.  Recommend the Sangria, the baked goat cheese, and the steak frites!Great gluten free options....and other breakfast food also.  Fresh orange juice and great French coffee...Love this place! It's one of our go-to spots for entertaining out-of-town visitors. Lunch on the patio is our preferred location, even though we generally have to wait longer for that prime real estate. The views of the Bellagio fountains directly across the street are worth it! 

I prefer the lunch menu to the dinner menu, and the prices are a bit better at lunchtime, as well. All the food is good... I usually get a sandwich and fries... Simple, but French style. 

Just be prepared to wait for a table - especially for seating outside!The quiche Lorraine is light and lovely.

Our waiter was charming and very helpful.

Water and soda glasses kept full. 

Save room for the Bananas Foster Crepes and the Caramel Crème Brulee.Came here for lunch after a long night of partying.  I'm a huge fan of French food, and had definitely been craving it ever since I arrived at PH and saw that the Paris was next door.  Mon Ami Gabi definitely satisfied my craving!  A friend and I split the steak classique (steak with butter), and the quiche Lorraine.  So good!!!  The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare, as requested.  The quiche Lorraine was delicious, but I was so full by the time I got around to eating it that I only had a few bites; what I did eat was perfectly balanced.  My friends seemed to enjoy their orders as well.  I only wish that the restaurant served steak tartare... I would've been on that like white on rice!

Side note, the bread is served warm and crusty, the way it should be.  I wanted to eat the whole baguette myself, not to lie... but highly disappointing was the cold butter! 

Definitely worth coming here for a meal that is nice, but not too nice (I'm looking at you, 16-course tasting menu at JG), when you're in Vegas.More like 3.5. Here's why:

4 stars for St. Germaine spritz:  Worth it if splitting between friends. Light and sweet, simply delicious.
3 stars for frangria: a little too bitter and not as tasty as I anticipated.
4 stars for onion soup (a must) and escargot (garlicky goodness)
3 stars for classique steak frites: overcooked, overpriced, pretty bland.  A couple gfs got the burger and steak sandwich and thought the burgers were ok and steak sandwich was good.  
4 stars for service: I believe his name is either Noah or Gary from NY. Tall, middle aged man with great conversation, charm, and service. 

Ambiance was nice and quiet.  Perfect after a night of partying or to get away from all the Vegas noise.  I'll be back...I always pass by this restaurant when I am at the Paris Hotel and Casino and it is always super busy. So, we finally made a reservation and had dinner here one night. 

Hangar steak with pommes frites - AWESOME! 
That's the only thing that I ordered.

The service was very good.
The price was ok around $20-$30 per entree.
I'm still thinking about the fries.

Great place to pregame before you hit the club's and casino.After looking up affordable steaks in Vegas, I came across Mon Ami Gabi. Staying at Bally's, it was a no brainer to give this place a try.

And frankly, I'd come even if I wasn't staying so close. Very good steak + frites - tender, perfectly cooked, and great flavor. The view is hard to beat, as an outside patio seat will get you a perfect view of the Belagio and its fountains. It's even worth doing the patio in the middle of December, as they have heaters that will keep you plenty warm. The people watching is also worth the outside seat.

If you want a nice dinner without losing an arm, plus want to relax with a view, Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to dine.What a fun place, busy and packed, and definitely reminiscent of Paris. I had the onion soup which was delicious, cheesy, crispy with the bread, and salty. I also had the corn beef hash, with juicy chunks of corn beef, also runny poached eggs. So good. The bread and butter was crispy and great as well.

Finally, the service is friendly and impeccable. An excellent experience here.Our last stop while in vegas for spring break! A few of the girls in my trip had been and we thought it would be the perfect last lunch/brunch! 

Had a party of six and was seated outside immediately! The restaurant has a super authentic french bistro feel and with the location across from the billagio, we got to see the fountain show a few times during lunch. 

The baguette they give you is amazing, how could it not be and I'm glad they gave it to us because we got the Warm Brie to start, which was heavenly but didn't come with enough toasted baguettes to eat with so we happily spread it on the bread they gave us before! 

I got the kale, brie, mushroom and chicken crêpe but omitted the chicken for vegetarian purposes but it didn't even need it! This crêpe was the best I've ever had. Serious flavor, awesome combination but really filling! Four stars for our slow service but would still highly recommend!We had a bunch of friends meet at this restaurant to eat. 

I was really excited to plan a work get together. The place is very elegant with a lot of charm. It is next to the belagio water fountain. I personally had my back to it but that was ok. We all had a good time.


Food Many of us had seafood had really had a great experience. The fish was fresh and not overcooked. 
Some had scallops and was not bad .

We did not order drink but I bet it have been greeat. 
The atmosphere was chic and it could definitely could be a romantic spot. 

Honestly the food was very reasonable with most dishes 30-$40

All the guests were happy .I absolutely love coming here for dinner but today we went for brunch! I wish I was able to drink but I'm on medication, because there is this awesome Bloody Mary bar they have set up for brunch! We got the quiche, eggs Benedict florentine, warm kale salad with poached egg, French martini for the hubby, and French onion soup! Everything was good except for the martini... IT TASTED LIKE RUBBING ALCOHOL! Haha. I have attached a few pictures of our amazing dishes.

Service: it was a 3/5 but it's because it was SOOOOOO busy which is understandable! 

Overall, I will be back!Meal was delicious!!! Had the Classique steak with frites  and ceasars salad.   We sat outside and enjoyed people watching and weather.  Service was great.  We will definitely eat there again on our next trip to vegas.World class food. Authentic French. But the main reason to eat here is the VIEW. You're sitting right on the strip, across from the Bellagio fountain. Food and service is 4 stars, the view puts this place over the top.We visited Mon Ami Gabi on a weeknight after making reservations online. We were sat right away. After our server introduced himself we ordered wine...or tried to. My wife wanted a sauvengion blanc, but he said they were out for the evening. She asked what relatively sweet wine they had and he said "none" and then brought her a sample of Riesling, which was described on the wine list as "very dry." Don't get me wrong, the service wasn't bad, he just seemed to have a bit of French "snottiness" to him, which made the experience a little awkward.

He recommended the specials of the evening, one of which was a bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with potatoes. I took his suggestion and my wife ordered the salmon. Both were very good and we had a wonderful meal overall and would go back if/when we return to Vegas. With wine, entrees, tax and tip the meal came to about $80This restaurant already has a ton of excellent reviews for the food so we will be short. I had the 22 ounce ribeye and H. had the chicken Pollaird. Since both meals came with the delicious frittes, we  asked the server to substitute the spinach. No problem and it was delicious. As was the pureed califlower. The ribeye was the exact way I ordered it, medium rare and as good quality as any high end steak restaurant serves. 

The warm brie appetizer complimented the delicious bread, also warm so fresh. The salads were fresh, not overdressed and excellent to the taste. 

 But the real reason for the 5 star Yelp was our server Katrina. From her personality to her service, as well as excellent suggestions, she was top flight. With all the places to choose from for dessert later that night, we returned at 11:45pm, just before closing, so we could be sure to have Katrina serve us dessert.Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite places in Vegas. It is not the best cuisine I have ever had, but it is very good. I try to come every time I'm in town because of what they offer.

If you want to skip the long review, and just get to the recommendation here it is:

French Onion Soup

Bone in ribeye, rare. Medium Rare is also acceptable. Nothing else. 

On to the review. 

Mon ami Gabi is styled as a Parisian cafe, but it is huge, with many tables and support for large parties. If the weather is pleasant, outside seating is wonderful, with an excellent view of the strip for people watching. 

The service is excellent, with professional waitstaff attentive to your needs. I never find myself wanting for a drink refill, or used plates waiting to be removed. 

The food is also very good with an excellent FRENCH onion soup, the slice of bread and melted cheese properly in place and perfect in taste and texture. 

The bone in rib-eye Pom frit is one of my favorites, with the steak served over the potatoes, so the juices sink into the fried potatoes and add wonderful flavor to the dish. 

It is an excellent meal, and one of my mainstays in Vegas.Came here for dinner and with 5 people we weren't expecting to get a seat in the busy patio, but surprisingly they had a spot for us! So that was really great. I don't like how they serve the bread with a bad and uncut. A family member had to pull it apart and I don't like getting handed a smushed piece of bread because it had to be ripped apart. We got chicken pate as a starter and that was soooooooo good! I absolutely loved it! The rest of my family wasn't crazy about it, oh well MORE FOR ME!!! I got a trout as my main course it was okay. Just nothing to special about it. Service was okay. We had to flag down our waitress most of the time but she got us everything we need and fast. I'd come here again for sure. Just for the chicken pate!I had eaten dinner here a couple times and was impressed.  However, the breakfast is out of this world!!!  The pancakes were amazing.  They're not traditional American pancakes, rather they're large and flat--crepe-like.  The eggs were delicious, the french toast was fantastic.  We were very impressed with the spread.  Will definitely go back for breakfast.After driving 8+ hours to Las Vegas from Oakland I was, needless to say, exhausted and a little cranky. After checking into our hotel room we decided to check out the Paris casino. Then we got hungry. Then we waited about 20 minutes for a table on the patio. The hostesses were partially rude, but the rest of the night was so enjoyable I promptly forgot about their aloofness. The patio is awesome because you get a great view of the Bellagio fountain and, even more importantly, there are enough heat lamps!

Our meals were delicious (flat iron steak and a sea bass special). The best thing about the sea bass, besides it tasting like heaven, was its substantial size. Normally fancy restaurants give you a fist sized serving, but not Mon Ami Gabi. My date's steak was nothing to scoff at, either. The wine our server suggested was very good and put me in a decidedly better mood than the one I sat down with. I would love to dine here again.Second time here for breakfast and still amazing. Eggs Benedict is divine with fresh made in house English muffins, thin Canadian bacon and a light sauce. My husband ordered the quiche.  I usually don't eat quiche but tried it and it was the best I'd had with such great flavor! I'd order it again.  Service is always great.  I'll be back!Five star food, but slight problems with the service and a greater problem with the ambiance.

The most important point here is where you sit.  They have outside seating right on the Strip - great for people watching and a view of the Bellagio fountains show.  HOWEVER:
1.  You can't reserve a table outside - you can get put on a list and it may be a long one.
2.  Despite heaters and misters, it gets hot or cold and you may want to reconsider if the outside air temperature is under 60 or over 100 (during the day, over 90).
If you sit insider, where most of the tables are located, it is crowded and fairly noisy.  Some of the cushion style seats are uncomfortable, particularly if you have to sit on a seam between cushions.

The service is friendly and knowledgeable, but they are always in a rushs.  This is not the place for a leisurely dinner.

One word about the food, which is uniformly good:  the steaks frites are superior.We had an amazing meal here in May. It was recommended to us by a cousin and we were not disappointed. Ambiance is great and service superbThis place is a must go if you are dining in Las Vegas.
Amazing steaks, amazing service.  I love their bread. 
If you get the mussels, dip the bread in the sauce.  It is so so good!!!
Time your dinner around sunset.  Watch the Bellagio water show while you eat.  It is am amazing dining experience.  Trust me!.This place is excellent. My friends and I were looking for a reasonably priced place for dinner and I am happy we stumbled upon this restaurant.

 The ambiance is semi-romantic and because we came on a week day, there was no wait to be seated. All meals come with complimentary bread and butter. The portions were filling for one person, and the food was also delicious. I ordered a chicken and cauliflower mash dish, whereas my friend ordered the salmon and quinoa. The chicken was very tender and was not dry at all. The salmon quinoa was also very fresh. We both ordered an expresso for dessert and it was just what we needed before a night out.

Would definitely come here again whenever I am in Vegas. (:We love this place and we have breakfast here every time we're in Vegas. I had the caramel apple waffle today. In a word, delicious! In our opinion, this is the best place for breakfast on the strip.Party of 6, right this way. 

Made a reservation on OPENTABLE.COM. The table was ready when we got there. Sat outside an enjoyed a good meal. The steaks were good, but not great. The scallops were really good. The service was right on target.

The only thing we did not like was the fact that you can smoke when eating on the patio. This was a HUGE turn off. Enough that it totally spoiled what could have been a perfect night.

For this reason, if I go back, I would not eat outside. Which is sad since its fun to people watch the strip walkers.Food was great and service was very good. One of our guest ordered brussels sprouts with his meal and never got it. That is why they did not get 5 stars.With each annual trek to Vegas that my hubby and I make, we make sure to have dinner here.  Since we usually go to LV in June, we dine outside on the patio each time.  Waiters prompt and service excellent although we did get a laugh the last time because our waiter had this cheesy french accent and when we were leaving we heard him talking to other waiters and he had a total east coast accent!!   Never a bad meal, steaks are wonderful. Large wine selection although fewer lesser priced options then higher priced ones.  Banana's Foster for dessert is divine!  We will be back again and again I'm certain!We ate here twice during our recent trip.  They are incredible with gluten allergies.  Their staff is well trained, friendly, and attentive.  I had a lamb burger that was out of this world amazing.  We also did brunch there one mid morning.  What a great spot to have a relaxing long brunch!   Food was fantastic both times and the pricing was very reasonable for vegas strip!!Mon Ami Gabi is a French restaurant in the Paris hotel. We ended up booking some early reservations there on a night when we had no dinner plans, and were SO pleased with our dinner. We ended up getting out to eat on the patio, no problem. It was rather crowded, but we still had a good view of the Bellagio fountains. They also have heat lamps, which made it cozy since it was a little chilly outside.

I love bread so much that sometimes I fill up on it before my entree comes out. It was very difficult not to do that with Mon Ami Gabi's bread! The bread was delicious, and the butter was AMAZING. I said to my husband, "This is like...super butter." Very very buttery and yummy. Phenomenal.

I selected the skate fish for my entree and my husband selected the beef bourguinon. I thought the skate was very good - well prepared and light. The beef bourguinon was INCREDIBLE, though. Tender beef that must have simmered in the sauce for 12 hours. Rich and delicious.

We were stuffed by the time dessert came around. Looking back, we really didn't eat a lot - we didn't get any appetizers or dessert, but it remains one of the most satisfying meals I've had. The service was outstanding, as well.For a place on the strip, the prices are actually fair. Furthermore, the meal justifies the cost. Mon Ami Gabi has an enviable location across from the Bellagio lake, just out front of the Paris hotel. The ambience is too notch, while service has always been consistently good. As a local there are few strip establishments that could entice me, but I will come here from time to time for an early breakfast. Do yourself a favor and sit on the patio or just behind the glass where you can enjoy the sunlight. A coffee with Benedict is always a good choice.If you have read my other reviews of the two other resturaunts at this scale, this by far was our favorite!!  We didn't have reservation, but it was later in the night, so no problem getting in.  We were seated outside and though it was cold, the gas heaters make it nice and toasty and off cam the jacket!!

We started with the Smoked Salmon.  We stacked the salmon on the brioche topped with creme fraiche and capers and we were in heaven.

We then ordered the Ribeye with Sauteed Mushrooms and the special, Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin.  Both were out of the world!!   No gristle to be found on the ribeye, bacon was thick and smokey, and the mushrooms melted in our mouths.

If only their music could coordinate with the Bellagio fountain or at least they could turn it down.I had my birthday brunch here. The place, food and service were wonderful. We enjoyed the benedicts, corned beef hash, salmon platter, croque madame, and quiche.Amazing!!!we had the best server,rosabell. We ordered off her recommendations and all the dishes were delicious. Our server was so sweet and I love her so much. I will definitely come back here and ask for her as wellCame here based on Yelp reviews during a short weekend in Vegas.. and was not disappointed.

Disclaimer- do not come here if you are looking for a long leisurely dinner.  We were in and out in 45 minutes having eaten bread, appetizers, and our main courses, and a whole carafe of frangria.  Service was great though, but it seemed as soon as we ordered our food and our waitress put it in the computer, it was on our tables!  

Started with the Petite Salad- Olive vinagrette had great flavor and just enough olive to be good, without being overbearing.  Friend had the Onion Soup- he loved it so much he did not share!  The soup was more the size of a super tall crock with cheese dripping down the sides, just crisp enough (the best part!)

Main course- Steak Classique.  Huge piece of steak, and lots of butter flavor.  I was worried the steak may be lower quality based on the price, but it was actually very good, not tough, and easy to eat!   Friend had the Au Poivre, and liked his flavor, though he had a bit more fat on his steak than me (lucky me!)

Definitly get the Frangria (it is just like Sangria)!  It was cheapish for Vegas, and a hugh carafe of yummy wine mixed with fresh fruits.

Mon Ami Gabi is a good LV stand by- nice steak meal without paying an arm and a leg.  One point of advice- maybe order your appetizer and wait to order your main course if you do not want the meal to fly by too fast!Service is excellent. We had our valentine's dinner here this year and it didn't fail to deliver! We got reservations so we got a good seat which got the view of the Bellagio fountain show. The servers are good and attentive except for the part that we are ready for the cheque. She got stuck with a big group so we were sitting and waiting for at least 15 minutes waiting to grab her attention. The food is great. From salads to main entree. We definitely would come back to check out their other dishes and also when it's not too cold to sit outside and done while people watching. Reminds me of coffee shops in Champs Élysées in Paris!I'd pay for the patio seating even if the food were not good. It was not gourmet by any means (but hey I'm from SF and we have some of the best, freshest food around). The steak was cooked well, but wasn't as tasty as I had hoped. 
The service was attentive but both of the wines he recommended were crap. But maybe all the wine was crap. We quit after two.
the whiskey cocktail I had was great tho and the cappuccino was a perfect end to our meal.Came here for lunch with my girlfriends and it was such a great experience! The service is spectacular! Our waiter was such a joy to have! Extremely helpful and friendly.  We ordered the frites, brie & chicken sandwich, french onion soup, burgers, pate, kale salad, lobster roll, mussels... everything was delicious!Mon ami Gabi was really pretty good and didn't break the bank. We wanted to grab a quick bite late afternoon so a colleague suggested to stop by here. Fantastic view if the Bellagio fountains from the patio and outside.

The ham and cheese crepe was light and perfectly prepared. The hollandaise was great and served to the side of the crepe so as to not smother it. Service was also great but the hostess was a bit snooty.

While waiting for a friend I ordered a croissant and cup of coffee. I will say that it was one of the best croissants I have ever had. Crispy, buttery, soft inside and was a perfect match for the French roast.We were between a 3 and 4 on this place. The food, service and ambiance were all nice.. better than a 3 but not quite a 4. We decided to go higher because there was a make your own bloody mary bar which added to the fun of the restaurant. There was also a long line when we got there are were seated quickly without a reservation. I'd come back.We always walked by the restaurant, always wondered how its food was like, always admired those who dined there looking so relax and happy, always wanted to give it a try one day. And we did this time! 
We were there for lunch, requested an outdoor table because the weather was great and the view was good. We were told the wait time was 30 minutes and were given a vibrator to come back later. As we walked away from the restaurant, one of the receptionist called my name and said a table was ready for us now. We were surprised and happy that we did not need to wait. I found this interesting drink on the menu called "Frangria" and ordered a jar. It was like a French-style Sangria and it was good. My sister and mom did not enjoy it much but the drink was great to start my day. We liked the bread they served. It was hot and fresh. We ordered a Prime Rib sandwich, a Chicken and Brie sandwich, and a Seafood Crepe. Prime Rib sandwich was good. Its meat was very tender and juicy. Chicken and Brie was a little sweet, perhaps the sweetness was from the apple slices? I liked my Seafood Crepe. Shrimps and scallops were big, juicy, and cooked to perfection. However, the sauce was a little too plain and they could have put things other than green peas inside the crepe. For each plate, it came with a tiny side salad and I really like the salad dressing. We did not order dessert because our entrees were very fulfilling. I will definitely go back again because this place is perfect for a relaxing morning.We went for breakfast.  We ate outside and enjoyed it.  The Crab Cake Eggs Benedict was delicious and memorable.  Chicken, Brie, and Apple crepes were the exact opposite - hard to finish.  Would return, based on the Benedict.Easily the best meal I've ever had in Vegas! Arrived here around 9pm on a Thursday night after finding many other restaurants in the area stopped seating at this time. We got a seat on the patio, which is directly across from the bellagio fountains so the view was great. The wait staff were top notch- friendly, funny, and very pleasant. I'm still dreaming about the steak with Merlot butter. It was exceptional! At $21, I didn't expect the quality to be great, but it was!Can't ever leave Vegas without coming here at least once. Everything on the menu is delicious. If you make reservations though, come early because you still have to stand in line with all of the walk ins. Puzzling, but it's how they operate.The best time to go here is during lunch and you have to sit outside on the patio.  The reason I say lunch is because it's the best time to people watch and another the prices are very reasonable for its location. If you take a late lunch you also get the best view of the Bellagio water show as you eat.  I had the Brie and pear sandwich which was decadent and very well balanced and my husband got the seafood sandwich which was surprisingly refreshing.  I'm also a French fry addict and always have to order it no matter where I am and I have to say theirs were very good, they were thin cut and basic, but addicting.  I will definitely return the next time we are in town.I love this place i've had just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.

MAKE A RESERVATION!! you will need it. 

service is amazing - management is always happy to be of service should anything be a little off.

but seriously it really is some of the best french influenced food in town. I wish i made it out there more often. but its just kinda crazy to get out there.

anyway. go and be merry this place will not disappoint!Second time here - this time with the Wife and Son. The wait for an awesome outside table (actually on the border of the inside dining room and outside patio) was terrific - great people watching spot and view of the Bellagio fountain. Great service, company and food was on target - the waiter let the wife order off the lunch menu, I had steak and frites and son had the scallops - all fantastic.Amazing place...
Location is perfect for the Bellagio water show and close to many other great attractions!
We had breakfast 3 times here and every single time the food and service was excellent :)
Egg Benedict lovers will be very happy here for their breakfast in the morning!
The only problem is that they stop serving breakfast at 11 am in tourist city like Vegas!
But the 3 times we were late the staff made and exception for us!
Overall experience is excellent...will definitely come back.Loved that it had al fresco dining as an option. It's not too hot this time of year and I could appreciate the sun. Everyone was very polite and friendly. Great for lunch. Dinner is quite pricey. Great for breakfast and lunch. Dining room is super dark! I recommend outside or on the patio/porch area.Great ambiance...great food and an excellent server. The braised lamb was delicious and the brie, honey and garlic appetizer was a great starter. Our server was absolutely awesome- extremely attentive and very knowledgeable. We asked his opinion between two wines and even though one was only available by the glass he gave us the bottle and even offered multiple tastings of like selections. Classy, lively and filling. Definitely recommend it!Had such a nice time here.  They have a great bloody mary bar, food is wonderful and the setting is perfect, especially to sit outside in good weather.Mmmmm, delicious food and affordable prices! (Where do you find that in Vegas?)

Had coffee, French onion soup, chocolate waffles, and the salmon from the lunch menu. The total bill only came out to be like 67 tops and that's including tips! The yelper was right. You can't go wrong w anything from the menu. The waffle was so crispy, so delicious! I swear they could be those snacks where you could just carry it on you. (I know I'm just a piggy. ;P) As for the salmon, Mmm very moist. It was delicious especially with the purée. The French onion soup was good but I think trying it once was enough. It got a little salty for me. 

** 11/07**
So we decided to come back again since we couldn't get enough of their waffles. This time we went with the caramelized apple waffle. It was good but not as awesome as their chocolate waffle we had the day before. But of course their waffle was just as crispy even though there was apples over it. As for entrees, I had their quiche, and J had their steak and fries. I thought the quiche was delicious. However it got salty when you didn't eat it with the salad. It was also super moist. J thought the quality of the classic steak was meh. I think he would've enjoyed if the quality was better. I LOVED their fries. It was like chips! Literally potato chips! But they weren't think like chips but the flavor was exactly like it! 

Overall food and price is bomb. However, we noticed that service is gets pretty crappy. But I think I can oversee it when the food and price is awesome!Always a gem to people watch and enjoy some amazing food on the heart of the strip. Recommend the Caramelized Sea Scallops and a glass of wine :)The food and service here was great. We all enjoyed our meals. Awesome view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio. Fresh Baguettes were amazing. Friendly helpful people working there. Would recommend.Mon Ami Gabi had exceeded my expectations. Originally, I had thought it would be like it's brothers on the strip- expensive and not too tasty. However, I was pleasantly surprised. What really got me was the prices. My party and I had ordered a streak (I don't remember the name, only that it was "classic") and a filet mignon with a merlot reduction, french onion soup, and pate. Our tap came out to be $87, which I thought was pretty good in comparison to other restaurants on the strip, as well as how good everything tasted! I dare say that my filet mignon might have been the best one that I've ever had! The sauce was spot-on! I am the type that likes their meat more flavorful, so the filet was all that I've dreamed of and more. Everything else we had was delicious, though I was far too stuffed for dessert! I had no problems with the service as everything came out at a very consistent speed, and the waitress was oh so attentive.Another great spot to take out of towners or just a good date spot. The outside seating has to be the best in Vegas. Spectacular views of the Belagio fountains. 

Steaks and fish are great. Great wine selection and the prices are pretty reasonable for a nice strip restaurant. Service is fantastic. 

Make sure you get a seat up front. You wouldn't want to come here and miss the best part, the view.best view and best atmosphere on the strip from paris hotel.  very friendly staff and waiters.  i was in vegas with a friend and we dined at many places but this was our favorite for the location and price.  i love theie french onion soup with melting thick  cheese.  their steaks are delicious.  you must try this place when you visit vegasGood value restaurant on strip! 
Great view take outside seat good food!
However, be sure you make reservation!I went to Mon Ami Gabi as part of a wedding party for my best friend's wedding.  I along with everyone else thoroughly enjoyed my food.  The staff is nice and courteous.  They're a little slow with the water service and I had to ask for something a couple times as they would keep forgetting.  (I wasn't the only one who experienced this)  Although the Bride and Groom took care of the bill, they said that they were happy with the end result as everyone was happy and super full.  I recommend this place for a large group of people.

One of the downfalls: 
There are no restrooms inside the restaurant.  You have to go out in the lobby / casino area to use the public restroom.  Fail.Amazing French style steak. We came here looking to have a nice romantic date and we got it. The server was really nice and helpful about telling us about the food. The bread is simply amazing here, we finished our roll and had to ask for more before our steaks came out. I had steak with wine sauce and caramelized onions, and I got that with fries as is common in France. It was juicy and tender and is probably one of the best steak meals I've had, ever. Definitely would recommend! The view is nice on the patio, cuz you're looking out at the BBellagio​ water. The wait for the patio can get a little long though but it really is worth the wait!What a great little French bistro at the Paris hotel. The Frangria, French sangria, is amazing on a hot day down on the strip. Gotta try the French onion soup and steak-frites , they are totally unique and delicious! Check it out today.Great little resturaunt right outside the Paris Hotel with a nice view. We had breakfast and the service and food was great.Our favorite place to eat!  Breakfast, brunch or dinner!  Best view on the strip and you will be facing the Bellagio fountain show AND be underneath the "Eiffel" Tower.  You have to try their fresh oysters ( I don't usually like fresh oysters, but these were amazing).  Waiters are super good about trying to accommodate your food.  We are trying to go low carb, and they helped keep us on our diet.My favorite restaurant in Vegas the view is amazing right across from the water show plus the food is amazing. ill be coming back soonThe Best chilled Gazpacho I have ever had, complimented by a view of the fountain show across the strip at the Bellagio!
The oysters were a bit skimpy but had great flavor.
Great date place, even for (especially for) Vegas. But a great meal and people watching if you want to wait (upwards of 90 minutes) for a patio seat.
The service was a bit delayed at times but the restaurant was so busy, it was totally understandable. The staff was cordial and professional.
I would recommend this place to everyone and can"t wait to get back - there were so many things I wanted to try; the warmed brie, the salmon spinach salad, the filet, the mussels...one plate at a time.*Heavy breathing* Ohmehgawds. Breakfast here was my favorite thing about Vegas. I think it was like $40 but I didn't care, I was starveulating. Starveulation is that time of the month when you get so hungry and you wanna eat all the time but you have to be careful because if you have an unprotected meal then you can end up having a food baby... or exploding. Wallet control is recommended unless if your intention is a food baby / explosion.

This meal was kind of a victory meal after hiking over 30 miles and living like a savage for a few days. There might be a SLIGHT chance that my starvation made it seem a lot greater than it really was but after taking a close look at the meal photo... nah, I'm sure it was legitimately pretty great.

I came here first thing in the morning on a weekday. I was greeted and seated immediately. As I was browsing through the menu I was tempted to say "I'll take one of everything" but I decided on on the following;

*Corned beef hash and poached eggs; Diced beef guts with remnants of potato bits. The masterfully crafted and strategically placed poached eggs drip down, encasing the beef hash in a yellow veil of amazingness.

*Crispy date-glazed bacon; I cant promise that you'll get the same but on my visit here I had perfectly crispified bacon chunks. The chef here must've been trained at le pardon glue or whatever because this was next level bacon. 

*Breakfast potatoes; Poh-tay-toes. 

*Waffles w/bananas; Soft, crispy, squish. The perfect waffles to finish off the perfect breakfast.


The wait staff was nice and didn't seem to judge me for the ridiculous amount of food I ordered for myself. Food was great and the view / atmosphere was neat. Overall, it was a really swell experience and looking at the photo of the meal made me drool a little bit just now. If you're staying close by for some sort of vegas shenanigans then make sure you have someone write "Breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi" on your forehead with a sharpie the night before - that way you don't forget, no matter how hung over or how serious of a bender.


Tip: Sit outside if you can. You'll be sitting under the "eiffel tower". If it's later in the evening then you can catch the bellagio fountain show and do some people watching as you eat. Kill 3 birds with 1 meal.How could this place be bad with that amazing view!  The food is good, always crowded and loud which I am not crazy about, but it IS Vegas.
I say GO!  You'll enjoy it!There really is no better spot on the strip to sit in the mid-day sun...sip cocktails...enjoy lunch and watch the freak show that is the LV strip. I am not talking about the street performers and the local wack jobs but rather the folks from flyover county. It is shocking to see what they pack to wear...and then how they matchy-matchy and accesorize. 

lost my train of thought...Mon Ami is a good choice...yes pricey...but the food is solid...the drinks more than adequate...and the service top notch. They leave you alone as long as you are spending (drinking)...but the minute you think you're going to nurse your drinks...then you are moved to the bar. The patio real estate needs to be turned on a perfect 75 degree day in November.

Romance, business, lost your shirt at the tables, just tired of shopping or talking football spreads and over/unders...its a great place to stop mid-strip.I had the strangest night at Mon Ami Gabi but the food was so good I had to change in the car after dinner because my clothes were too tight. Forreal forreal.

So me and gf got seated next to some odd characters. On our left was a couple and it was clear the wife hated her life and wanted her husband to hate his too. One of those non-talking couples where it's so awkward you don't want to even say anything because you know they're listening. At one point the wife stuck her hand into her water cup, grabbed a bunch of ice cubes, and threw them on the table saying, 'there's too much damn ice.' WHO DOES THAT?! Eesh..hint to husband: DIVORCE IS THE ANSWER.

On our right were two men in their mid-sixties who were a bit overly friendly. Right when I stuffed my mouth with bread they turned to ask about what we were eating. Can't I just open my mouth and show you? It was actually comforting to have pleasant people sitting next to us though with the ice queen on the other side but being constantly interrupted when I'm EATING is a Mari no-no.

Gf and I spent the whole dinner trying to figure out if our waitress was a twin and if her sister worked there too, or if she was just one person. Different versions of our waitress would serve us- one with glasses, one without, one with a jacket, one without, and she'd change her hair too. We finally realized it was one person but gf swore she was doing it on purpose to mind f*** us.

BUT ANYWAYYY.. the food. We decided go out straight after dinner and I had the bright idea of wearing a corset. I was cased up like a sausage..and still ordered the steak frites. Which was damn good, juicy and rare, even though I couldn't really breath. Bite, inhale, chew fast so I don't pass out. And their dirty martinis are smooth sailing. Our meal came out to about $90 something which is a little pricey but we got drinks so it's explainable. What I like about Mon Ami is that it's casual but still has that bistro charm.

It was worth changing in the car into something roomier, flashing the strip as we drove by. Who says looking like I'm about to have a food baby at the club isn't sexy?!?!It is one of my favorites places in town. Patio seating is nice and the Bellagio water show constantly playing is a plus. My absolute favorite dish on the menu are the scallops and for dessert the lemon creme brûlée. For sure you will enjoy and will not be disappointed at Mon Ami Gabi!Mon Ami Gabi, je t'aime!

I was in Las Vegas for my birthday this year and was perusing Yelp to find the perfect restaurant near MGM that would not break mine or my friends' bank account but also that would have good food, service etc. Mon Ami met my criteria and thankfully Yelp allowed me to make reservations via the Yelp app on my iphone. 

I am so glad I made reservations, there was a lot of people waiting outside for dinner when we got there. We were given a table within 10 minutes of arriving in the inner dining hall which had a spectacular view of the Bellagio and it's water fountain show! Hooray for free grandiose entertainment on my birthday! 

Our waitress knew were crunched for time as we had a show to catch, so she made sure to bring out everything promptly. While we waited for our food we were given warm loaves of bread, butter, and this amazing carrot salad that you eat with the bread and butter. I'm not going to lie, we asked for more--I just won't tell you how many times we asked for more.

Our food was delicious. My party ordered scallops, steak, salmon, crab so I made sure to sample every single dish and they were all amazingly good. Simply a delight. The salmon melted in my mouth and was accompanied by a quinoa salad. The scallop plate had just the right amount of bacon and was served with greens. The steak came with fries! Two of my friends shared the sea food platter and devoured it. At the end of the meal Mon Ami brought out ice cream for my birthday and sang to me!

We left the restaurant feeling full and happy. I thought it was a great birthday dinner and I so glad my friends agreed.All you need to order is the French Onion soup and the Filet Mignon.  Period.  This was my favorite place we ate at on my trip and we even went back.  We sat on the patio and you can watch the water show at the Bellagio from there.  The filet was so tender you could cut it with a fork and it will melt in your mouth.  They cover with some sort of wine/butter sauce which then gets soaked up by the potatoes.  SCORE!  The French Onion soup is the best I've had.  And I know my FO soup.  If you are in Vegas this is a MUST TRY!  I also had the Pepper Crusted Seared Ahi Tuna Salad with was pretty good, but the filet is the main attraction!Great restaurant inside the Paris hotel. Food was amazing. We got the sea scallops and the steak bordelaise - service was also great and they sat us down fast. We did not have a reservation. I highly recommend this restaurant to all.Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite places in town especially for a romantic night. We went for Valentine's Day. Despite having reservations, there was still a long wait so we sat at the bar for drinks. We love the food, but the service on VDay from our waitress Beth wasn't great. She wasn't friendly and when I let her know I had ordered x instead of y, she looked at me like I was lying and stormed off. That's the only reason 1 star was taken off. I understand there's a lot of demand, but the wait staff should still be friendly to their guests. The busboy was fantastic and attentive.I have been here twice already.  My cousins used to always rave about this place and now I know why.  

First time I came, I ordered the filet mignon with merlot butter.  It was cooked to perfection.  I recently came back and ordered the hangar steak cooked medium.  At first, I ordered medium well and the server informed me that it may be a little tough and recommended that I have it cooked medium.  I'm so glad I listened to him because it came out perfect!  I'm not a big fan of the French fries that the filet mignon and hangar steak comes with but they sure are addicting!  Don't forget to ask for extra merlot butter!  YUM!!

We came in a big group last time and were able to accommodate us all.  But make sure everyone in your group is present or they will not seat you!

Also, my sister and cousin had ordered the fish of the day w/rice (pilaf?).  The servers had erroneously brought out fish & chips for them both.  They told the waiter that they did not order that.  The waiters immediately took back the order.  Another waiter had come out to apologize for the mistake and their food came out in less than 10 minutes!  Even though they had to wait a little longer, I liked the fact that the waiter was apologetic and brought out their food in a timely manner.  They didn't have to wait too long to eat with the rest of the party.

Service and food are excellent here and I would frequent this spot more if I was closer!  Prices are also decent.  Highly recommended!This is one of my mainstay spots, when the sun is out and I want to feel like I have gone out on the town, off I go to Mon Ami Gabi. It really is a combination of the ambiance and the food, how can you go wrong when you are sitting outside, enjoying french food, faced with the spectacular performance of the Bellagio fountains, topped with the shockingly, in-your-face exposure of the best people watching in Las Vegas. I love it! Having worked in the fashion business for years, largely based in New York, I am thoroughly convinced that the true pleasures of Vegas demands that every man and women dig deep into their closet and find that outfit that screams 'take me to Vegas', chosen completely for our entertainment.  Keep in mind, you choose to go at a busy time and want to sit outside, as half the world does in the nice weather, you need to strategically pick that off moment or you will have a long wait. Everyone wants to sit outside. 

Ok, now lets address the food, it is excellent for the most part. I always seem to order the Steak and Frites Classic and it is delicious, however, my only pet peeve, which I always forget to mention, is that when I ask for the sauce on the side they bring it near frozen. I never get that, I think the obvious thing would be to serve it slightly heated rather then chilled. Well, they never fail to do it and if I can't get my ducks in order to  remember to point that out. By the way, the muscles are to die for. I also recommend that you sign up for their rewards program to earn points. It is worth it as we were just there the other day and I had a $40.00 credit, nice perk, It bought my wine.

I have always had great table service with interesting waiters/waitresses and the busser's are on it. But, it is a hit-miss with the hostess stand. I have this frustration with those holding the 'first' position who cannot look me in the eye and giggle between each other. My experiences have often started with an unpleasant and often somewhat confused hostess. Unlike a tourist, I am a sure thing, as I know what is behind the door, but if I was a visitor there are many occasions where I would simply pass on the wait due to the rude, impersonal interaction with the host. Front desk aside, it is a fantastic spot and great food!!Good food decent price! But for some reason French fries isn't that good while the French onion soup is at room temperature and wasn't hot enough.

Go for the steak, it's very tender n juicy but the season isn't as impressive. For the price that you are expecting to pay, this supposedly is affordable French food!One of the best views in Vegas!  Patio seating across from the Bellagio fountains.  Classic french with a flair for the moderately expensive.  Breakfast is best, lunch is luscious, and dinner, well dinner is downright dreamy.   Try anything, I just think you cant go wrong.  I have had the soups, sandwiches, breakfast eggs benedict with Smoked Salmon, the salads, the steaks, the drinks.  They have it all.  5 star stuff. Bring wallet.I am excited to be the 500th person to review this location.  I feel like someone should throw some confetti on me!

Mon Ami Gabi is originally from Chicago and was really excited when they built a location here on the Strip.  Over the years I have dragged my of my co-workers from around the world to this place and it is not uncommon for use to eat here several times during a business trip.  The food, service and drinks are just amazing.  This is one of the best thinly pounded steaks you can get anywhere.  I like the one topped with blue cheese, in fact I do not even look at the menu anymore.  Just bring it to me Medium Rare...in fact I have gotten my steak within 5 minutes of ordering...they are that fast.  Chef Ramsey would not have to worry about pushing out orders here.

Other benefits of this location.  The outdoor patio on the Strip is just amazing with views of the Dancing water show at the Bellagio.  There are no reservations taken for seating here, so come early or late or just wait!  

When I come here by myself I like to eat at the bar...there are two bars...one in front and one right by the outdoor patio.  I feel like a regular here because the bartenders have gotten to know me over the years...makes me feel like home but I do not even live here.  Speaking of the bar...make sure you get your martini's with the blue cheese stuffed olives...so good!  But be careful because people at your table will steal them.

We tried something new here this week for desert...the white chocolate bread pudding...it was so yummy...I have never liked bread pudding but this was out of this world.

Everything about this place makes this the best restaurant in Las Vegas!Its like real estate - Location, Location, Location.
When you walk up to put your name on the list to be seated, you can pick from the short line ( inside ) or the long line ( outside ).  It should be the easiest decision you make.  Take your time, grab some slot machine minutes, whatever....but wait for the patio.
Service was very good.  Quick, attentive and friendly.
Steaks are tender, perfectly cooked and the bordelaise is very good.  Fries are good as well, although I personally don't rank them as highly as others here.
And yes, you are on a patio on the strip, which means the odd drunken frat boy will pull you from your daydream of a cafe by the Seine and onto an episode of Jersey Shore.  And that means that occasionally, what sounds like the entire North American contigent of the Hells Angels will make the wine glasses shake, and that occasionally a billboard truck will drive by offering....well, its Vegas, you know.
But it doesn't matter.  Because every fifteen minutes you and everybody else on the patio, the sidewalks and even on the street stop to watch the Bellagio fountains.  You can hear the music beautifully ( sans Hells Angels, of course ) and the fountains are still the best thing on the strip.    So while the selection of steaks is a little more spare than I would like and the wait is overly long....who cares?  Enjoy the show.Very nice ambiance, great steaks!! Loved this place...romantic view of Bellagios water show!Delicious from the first bite to the last! This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas because of the good food, service, and overall experience. My friend and I went in for dinner with no reservations and were seated immediately. Our waitress came by shortly after and was very knowledgable.

They served us a warm baguette (1 star goes just to having warm bread) with butter. We were also served a delicious carrot salad. My order of salmon with vegetables was perfect and was of a generous proportion. My friend also enjoyed her salad with salmon.

If we weren't so full and exhausted we'd definitely try their drinks or dessert...but now  it'll give us another reason to visit next time we're in town!Great place!  I had 7:15pm reservations and arrived at 7:40pm.  They had my table ready despite the long line.  That was great!  Ask to sit in the cafe area if you aren't sitting on the patio.  You can enjoy the best of both worlds (air condition and the fountains)!  We ordered the lamb and also the filet mignon and they were great!  The service was great too!  Be prepared, because some of the waiters are French and at times difficult to understand, but remember you are dining in a French Steakhouse inside of Paris restaurant!  I will be back and it was a great dinner and a great dining experience.  Prices were also responsible.  Great place to have dinner on the strip in a prime location.Great experience yesterday! Sat by myself at the bar. Bartender and I had a great discussion about whiskey. Food was fantastic. I had a crabcake, and asparagus. It was just something simple, but it hit the spot. I will be back.Great breakfast!  We always make a stop whenever we are in Las Vegas.  I would recommend the spinach and goat cheese omelet and the blueberry waffles.  Coffee is incredible and the service was impeccable.The brunch menu here is fantastic and the views are amazing. I've taken several out of town guests here and they love it. You can't go wrong with a view of the Bellagio fountains while sipping mimosas!My favorite restaurant in Vegas hands down. The best French onion soup and breakfast in town, and I love the fresh baked bread. The Badoit sparkling water is so divine. I love the ambiance here. My husband always gets steak tartare, even though it's not on the menu, the chef is always happy to prepare it for you. The wait staff is also very friendly! My mother in law had the chicken with whipped cauliflower , it was delicious and my father in law had the salmon, delicious as well, both were cooked perfect! I always look forward to coming here when in town! ;)This place is pretty awesome.  The view outside of the Bellagio fountains is really really good.  Appetizers and main dishes are great.  I am not a huge fish person, but the fish, especially the special was really tasty.  Service is very good too, our server was super enthusiastic, I wish I could remember her name.  I was horrendously jetlagged but still had a great time.  The place has good food quality, location, and service for the price.  It's not an extremely refined restaurant, but is definitely a great value and worth eating at for dinner.This is a great spot inside the Paris hotel & Casino.
There is a nice big patio that you can sit and people watch as you eat some yummy food.

Had the goat cheese to start - I was a bit surprised to see it swimming in tomato sauce...it seemed very 'italian goat cheese meatball' to me, but as soon as I took my first bite, I fell in love. It was DELICIOUS!

I had the Steak Bearnaise with mashed potatoes, and it was very very good.
My friend had the scallops and they were to die for.

Service was kinda shady - I think the waiter was having a bad day because he was being kind of a d**k, but the food made up for it.Great location, fantastic service, amazing bread....the list goes on. 
The entrees needs little improvement, but can't complain too much!The best service and the most outstanding filet and salmon!
Such a treat to find a unique restaurant that is in the heart of the tourist crowd. We will definitely go back when we're in town!!!Made a reservation for 4 on a Sunday night at 7:15 - sat down immediately on the patio with a beautiful view of the Bellagio water show across the street. Tried a little bit of everything my family ordered.

Salmon: seasoning was right on. According to mom, cauliflower was delicious.

Rib eye: massive but cooked exactly how my dad wanted it. Seasoning was just like the salmon - right on.

Beef wellington (Sunday only): first time I've had it so i don't know how it's supposed to taste, but it was juicy.

Steak with peppercorn sauce: steak was alright - it was a skirt type. Didn't really like the sauce, but that's a personal preference thing. Frites were crispy and complemented the meat well.

French onion soup: flavors inside worked well. Very cheesy.

Bread: always warm, butter was right texture.

Overall, pretty good. I would come back.Had a nice dinner this past weekend at Mon Ami Gabi.  We were seated on the veranda and able to view the fountains at the Bellagio.

My wife had the mussels marinere and said they were good, but not the best.  Generous helping and much larger than her favorite P.E.I. mussels but edible.  I had the Dijon mustard steak.  It was good, but a very thin slice and rather salty.  We both had the frites (fries) and they were very tasty.  By far the best was the warm baggette and butter served at the table.

The waiter was very friendly and service was prompt and not rushed.

All in All, a nice place to have dinner in Vegas!We had dinner at Mon Ami Gabi the next night after that disastrous dinner at Bazaar in SLS.    OMG, hands down, we had a better dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi.
We ordered that cheese floating in tomato sauce and chicken liver pate for appetizers.  Sooooo good!
For entrees, 1 ordered the roast chicken (our friend loved it) and then 3 of us ordered bone in ribeye.  Excellent steaks!  Very tender, a lot of flavor and cooked to perfection!   
Can't wait for our next trip to Vegas, will definitely eat at Mon Ami Gabi again.I came here for breakfast twice now and Its D E L I C I O U S and sitting outside on the balcony to see the bellagio fountains show adds a awesome touch the the atmosphere.This place was fabulous! Normally I have low expectations for places on the strip, where usually food is crazy pricey and mediocre tasting at best. But Mon Ami Gabi is the exception to this rule. I was able to get a same day reservation, and though the wait for outside was over 2 hrs, we got a window seat inside so we could watch the Bellagio water show while we dined.

The crusty bread they bring you is Warm and in a little paper sleeve- love the delicious details! And the mussels were very tasty (I had them as an entree). Everyone around the table loved their food.

Great prices, great view, great food. DEFINITELY GO!When I'm on a business trip, it's easier to eat well. And so it was in Las Vegas. Lunch was provided as part of meeting, but during the evening I was out and about looking for something comfortable, interesting, moderately priced, and providing a temporary respite from action on the Strip. 

Both my dinners happened to be a French Bistro establishments. I'll agree that the food at Bouchon was a bit better, but in terms of service Mon Ami Gabi won hands down. I showed up relatively early (5 PM), hung out on the patio, enjoyed multiple performances of the Bellagio Fountains across the street, watched interesting people, dined on hanger steak, and sipped  wine as Martin (complete with a French accent) took really good care of me. Prices were reasonable and in terms of charming they had me at the first warm baguette. And as my Son would say: "This is the Life!"I love this place and always come here every time I am in vegas. Mostly for breakfast because I love their quiche Lorraine. The crust is so flaky and good. 
Service is always good.One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. You can't beat the view, make sure to sit outside!This was back in August '12, and yes, I'm late, but I wanted to brag how amazing this restaurant was!

My buddy from college decided that the guys should get a good dinner in before hitting the strip and starting up all the fun.  He had made prior reservations for Mon Ami Gabi, and had read all the great reviews on chowhound and yelp, and decided that this would be the spot to dine in.  

Man, he was definitely right!  I must admit though, I was quite tipsy walking into the restaurant, despite taking 5 or so shots of Gentlemen's Jack, w/2 beers--yeah, pretty drunk by that time :/  

The servers at the entrance were super friendly, and had the table waiting for us already. 

The ambiance of the restaurant is very classic-like; interestingly enough, it doesn't have much of a french look, but rather a good ol' American steak house.  We asked the waitress what would be best recommend, and I simply went with their good recs.  Man, they were so right on the money.  The steak was amazingly delicious, and the crispy fries were just well cooked.  I felt the food portions were just perfect for the price.   The wine with the dinner worked out very well.

I honestly wished I was able to remember what went on during our dining....again, being pretty drunk doesn't help in this sort of event :/   

So the question is, would i return here again?!  YES!!

Overall grade:  A to A+I came here with my cousins and friends for my cousin's bachelorette dinner last weekend.  I ordered the prime rib special, which was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and was huge enough for me to have over 2 meals!  I also got the onion soup, which is supposed to be their best soup, but it was just a bit salty for me.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy it though.  My cousins had the seafood platter, which came with fresh lobster, oysters, shrimps, and tuna tartar.  It looked AMAZING! I only got to try the tuna tartar which was delicious, and my cousins were very happy with their choice of the seafood platter.

The server was also very accommodating to our group of 12 ladies, and even brought out a complimentary dessert for the bride-to-be.Excellent service and food.  Enjoy filet mignon while viewing the Bellagio water show.Where can 2 dine on steak on the strip for less than $100? Mon Ami is one option. Food is solid.. particularly liked the frites. Atmosphere is awesome too. A great mid-range type place when you are looking for a nice dinner but don't want to drop hundreds.I came here last year for dinner with Gardenia H. and Keri W. and I loved it. We were seated on the patio so we had a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains (which were doing their water show) and had this lovely breeze coming through. It was so nice and relaxing to be out there, not to mention enjoying great company and delicious food! We were started off with complimentary bruschetta, which was delicious, although a little hard to eat since we had to cut the bread outselves (they gave us a full loaf).

For our steaks, Gardenia got the Filet Mignon Au Poivre (creme fraiche) and Keri got the Bone-in Ribeye (22 oz with bearnaise sauce). I no longer remember what their steaks were like, but we unanimously agreed that mine was best. So what did I get? I listened to all the Yelpers on here and got the Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction). I got it medium rare and it was DELICIOUS. So tender and flavourful. I still think it was one of the best steaks I have ever had. And all their steaks come with their signature hand-cut fries, which are also really good. Keri also got Whipped Cauliflower as a side. It was just fine to me (I'm not a fan of cauliflower), but I think Keri liked it. And for dessert, we got their Bananas Foster Crepe (warm bananas, foster sauce, vanilla ice cream). Such a perfect (and delicious) way to end the meal :)

The patio was a little crowded, but it was still a great experience. They do not seem to have a bathroom inside the restaurant, I was told to go inside the casino and use their bathroom (it was a 30-second walk from the front of the restaurant). Our server was nice and friendly and I had a great time here. This place probably deserves more like 4.5 stars but I'm leaving it at 4.My wife and I were looking for a place to eat on our first evening in Vegas. I found out that they're directly across from the Bellagio fountains. The reviews looked great so we decided to try it out. What I didn't know was that I was about to have one of the best meals of my life. I've dined at some the finest restaurants around. This meal was truly spectacular! My wife had black truffle gnocchi with sea scallops and I had the merlot butter filet mignon with mashed potatoes. Everything was perfect! I rarely feel this way. It was extraordinary!!! Our server Sam was great at recommending our dinner and drink choices. I have to stop by the next time I'm in the area. Truly unbelievable!this restaurant was recommended by my cousin, however he said it was a buffet, i was so glad he was wrong, the restaurant sits right across the Bellagio, you have  a great view of the Bellagio fountain.  the food was great, try the escargot, mouth watering.  not to expensive for a nice romantic dinner.Can't say anything bad about this place. The food is amazing, the service is very good and the view of the bellagio fountains on the outside patio is perfect for an evening dinner.One of our most favorite restaurants in Vegas!! It's always crowded, be sure to make a reservation!! Always well worth the wait, food is delicious!!Love this  place. The eggs benny was fantastic and the frangaria was to die for. Went for brunch had reservations and was seated pretty quickly. I would recommend this to anyone. They have a wine cart and you can choose from the cart excellent view of the fountains. Very romantic.This is the best place to have lunch in Vegas on the strip. The Steak and fries is all you need.Ever time we're in Vegas we come here for lunch and the French Onion soup and we always love it.  It's never disappointed us.  They use a sweet onion carmelized with beef broth, so a classic recipe.  Never salty which can often happen with this soup.  What makes it so good is the bread and the generous portion of flavorful gruyere cheese that is perfectly fired.  

We also had the soup of the day which was caramelized onions with fennel served over creams fraiche.  It had a creamy mild flavor that was delicious.  Lastly we shared a croque madam sandwich.  All about the simplicity of good ingredients and they didn't disappoint. 

We'll be back!Delicious! I came here with a group of 4 with reservations on a weekday and we were seated immediately. 

Our table ordered the following:
-hangar steak 
-butchers cut
-escargot
-puréed cauliflower

Highly recommend the butchers cut or the hangar steak. All entrees come with frites which were perfectly crispy. And the escargots were bathed in a delicious pesto-like butter sauce that was dreamy. The puréed cauliflower almost makes you forget you're eating cauliflower...sooo good!

Service was impeccable and you get a great view of the strip if you dine al fresco. Will be coming back!Went here based on other Yelp! reviews relating to their gluten free options.  We were not disappointed.  I couldn't resist the gluten free eggs benedict and oh my, it was SO worth it!  Hubby went with their special of the morning.  Beef Bourguignon eggs benedict.  He couldn't believe how good it was.  It was a little pricey, but not overly so considering it's right on the Strip.  The service was great and we both loved our meals.A great option for brunch on the strip.

I went here twice for brunch in the past couple weeks. A few tips:

 - Make a reservation as it gets packed pretty quickly
 - Don't sit outside on the patio unless the weather is nice or you don't mind eating with your jacket on. The heat lamps are not very warm (we quickly got up and moved inside)
 - The cafe area adjacent to the patio is probably the best area for brunch. Very light and sunny, but sheltered from the cold/wind.
 - If you drive there, plan to arrive early as you have to walk all the way through the shopping area and casino to get to the restaurant.

For brunch, I've had the brioche french toast and the corned beef hash. French toast wins hands down unless you want something savory. The smoked salmon platter is fairly generous and the benedicts all looked very good.

Service was good and prompt. I had my coffee refilled several times without asking. Note they add gratuity for parties of 5 or more.A must-go-to while in Las Vegas. My husband & I tried it for a late dinner and the ambiance was great, we sat inside the dinning area with an amazing view towards the Bellagio and seen the water show while we ate. I ordered the Salmon with mashed peas and my husband the classic cuts, not sure exactly what it was to be honest. But It was surprising delicious. They also made up a cocktail, forgot the name of it, but hands down QUALITY IN THEIR SERVICE AND FOOD!!Wow!  That's all I have to say about their steak and frites.  My wife and I ate breakfast there, but it's probably really awesome at night because it has a direct view of the Bellagio water/light show.  Might need a reservation if you want it at night though because they looked packed.My favorite restaurant to bring my friends when visiting. Great atmosphere. Amazing view.We really enjoy coming here! Fantastic service and food! The only reason for a 4 star is this last time my husbands rib eye steak had no flavor and I too wasn't super satisfied with my steak.  And we had to wait a littler longer than I think we should have considering it wasn't busy. Otherwise again maybe a one off.This place has over 3000+ yelp reviews so we decided to come here. Best place on the strip, nice ambiance and great food. I ordered the grilled salmon and spinach salad and my bf got the Chicken Grandmere- food was excellent and the waiter was very attentive. Price is good too!My feelings about Mon Ami Gabi are a little mixed. My fiancé and I arrived at 10:45AM on a Saturday morning and waited 30 minutes to be seated on the patio. Not bad. Our server was very nice. We started with the "Frangria" (basically a classic Sangria...) it was pretty tasty. 
We decided to share the onion soup as an appetizer. When the soup arrived, we found a long hair as we were getting ready to eat our first bite. We told our server who apologized and quickly replaced the soup... Pretty gross. 
The replacement soup was however very good. 
I then had the chicken, brie and apple crêpe (good, perfect size). My fiancé had the croque monsieur and it was delicious. The hand cut fries that goes with it are very good. 
The prices are decent; however, I have to say that I was chocked when I realized that they still charged us for the soup, even though we found a hair and had to return it! 
They give you a complimentary baguette and salted butter with anything you get. The baguette is actually pretty good and legit.Bearable weather and temps? Look for the first come first serve seating on the patio! Was out there this past weekend and in the evening...it was still maybe 95-99'f. Misters on...it was still nice to sit outside! 

Service was actually GREAT! Look for Gabriel as your go to waiter if you're sitting out there. The French food is absolutely yummy! First time escargot eater here. It wasn't that bad, put it over the French bread. 

Love the steaks, wine, VIEWs of the Vegas dressed up ladies! :) 

I'll definitely be back for dinner! I would get a bit dressed up for this place but then again they have a big touristy clientele.Very nice French style venue!  Great service!Yes, it's part of the Lettuce Entertain You empire. 

Yes, it's sort of a mini-chain, with outposts in DC and Chicago. 

But yes, I loved it here, very much. 

It's cheaper than Bouchon down the street but seems no less authentic; if you can sit outside, great, but inside the mirrored walls and tiled floors are pure bistro.  

It's great for a date, a small group, or a girls lunch/dinner out... 

I would go back again, if only to sip a glass of rose and have a nice salad without breaking the bank. 

Pictures and more detail here: http://www.eattalk.net/2013/02/postcard-from-las-vegas.html#.USfVZOgRQtUI try to make my way here at least one time every time I visit Vegas.   They have the best escargot that I have had outside of Paris.  The wait staff are always very attentive,  helpful,  and very knowledgeable about the menu.  I know ceasar salads can be boring,  but definitely not here!  The filet with blue cheese is to die for.  A little pricey for what it is,  but what do you expect for a place like this on the Vegas Strip??Our second time at Mon Ami Gabi and our experience was better than the last. The foos was plentiful and delicious. The service was also top notch. I asked for gluten free bread because of my CS and our waiter kept in mind my requests when I was ordering my entree. I'll definitely be back on my next trip.Very good, excellent service , Steak Frite is outstanding . 
Mussels are  very good .
Excellent locationThis place was AMAZING and one of my favorite Yelp finds.  Made reservations on Yelp, and was seated within seconds of coming in.  The restaurant was pretty busy, but we were seated in a little corner with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains.  We were greeted with water, and a whole loaf of complimentary bread and butter - Yum!  

Our server was incredibly helpful, and didn't disappoint the Vegas theme of hospitality.  We started with the mussels - so delicious!  I'm a sucker for mussels in wine and butter sauce, especially when we have bread to dip in the sauce!  My mother had the hanger steak which was perfect in a semi-sweet glaze.  I had the filet mignon in merlot sauce which was amazing!  Every bite melted in my mouth like a perfectly cooked medium-well steak should.  Our server suggested the Beaujolais wine to pair with my steak - and it was indeed a perfect match!  I've never had fries with steak, but the frites that the steaks came with were equally delicious.  

I'm so glad this place exists, and will definitely be coming back!  Price wise, this place is definitely a steal for the quality of food, service and ambience that you get!Great location as it overlooks the bellagio fountain. It's also a great place to people watch if you are seated in the patio area. We made dinner reservation for Saturday and still waited a good 30 mins for patio seating. It was totally worth it as it was quite romantic. As for food, it was pretty good and the price is reasonable. We got scallop gratin - which reminded us of scallops topped with French onion soup. We also got chicken pate which was also delicious. For our main course, we shared a bone-in ribeye and frites. The steak was tender and well-seasoned. Good place for dinner on the strip at a reasonable price.Prime central location.  A perfect dining place for 3-hr. French dinner.  Recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to experience the charming night on the Strip.Brunch was amazing!! I had the eggs benedict which were perfectly cooked and great hollandaise sauce. Hubby had the corn beef hash and was awesome and the kids loved their food. Service was great and the place is lovely. Can't wait to come back here!This is one of my 5 all time favorite places I've ever eaten at. We went multiple times on our trip. The staff went above and beyond each time. Always a smile & friendly. loved being able to sit in the fresh air & people watch. Gorgeous place to get dessert & watch the bellagio fountain show. First morning I got croissant sandwich. If you love avocado this is a yummy perfect breakfast sandwich. Second morning I had to have the hash & poached eggs ( ask for some jelly with your toast very good). Hubby got it the day before & it's truly amazing. I NEED to find the recipe for this online somewhere. Also got myself a pain au chocolate. This is a true must you won't regret it.Delicious. I ordered a BLT for brunch....no big deal, right? WRONG....it was the best BLT I've had in a long time. Such a simple thing turned into a highlight of the morning. The staff was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. We ordered and few drinks after our meal and people watched for a while with the Bellagio fountain in the background.I'm certain that every single person that has been to Vegas have at one point or another noticed this restaurant. It's really hard to miss with their gorgeous sidewalk cafe with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. My family and I ate here for our little brother's birthday. I have to give them a lot of credit for service because we gave them an almost impossible feat. Due to poor time management on our part, we had a little over an hour before we had to get to our show. Our server somehow managed to expedite our food and we were able to get to our show on time. 

We started with the classic Caesar Salad and their house bread which came with some carrot slaw. I actually didn't care for it much. It was really ordinary and I've definitely had better at a much lower caliber restaurant. The bread was good though and so was the carrot slaw that came with it. For our entrees, we ordered the Fish and Chips, the Cheeseburger with frites, and Roasted Chicken. Sounds like ordinary dishes but they were executed perfectly. Everything was seasoned nicely, and cooked right. The fish was really good. Probably the best piece of fish I've had at a restaurant. My little brother enjoyed his chicken dish and pretty much inhaled it. I think the frites here are pretty special. I haven't had fries quite like these before. Thin and perfectly crispy. Loved them. 

I want to come back and have a longer meal next time. Come check it out because it's well worth the money. Next time,  brunch it is! 4/5No one is more amazed than me at the fact that I am writing a four-star review for this restaurant. Normally, I hate most things Vegas. Normally, I avoid chain restaurants (kind of hard to do on the Strip anymore). But last week, I ate here and it was exactly what the doctor ordered.

KEEP IN MIND - I had a late lunch here -- maybe 1 or 2:00. There was no line for me to wait through. My dining room was nearly empty, with only 2 other tables occupied. We were all thoughtfully seated far from each other. It was exactly what my over-taxed little pea-brain needed on that hot day -- somewhere dark and quiet where I could have a leisurely, quality lunch with attentive service.

Location was great. Level of noise was low and appropriate. Serve was attentive. Quality (and quantity) of food was high. I would go back.If you're searching for safe gluten free on the strip, this is the place to go. They offer a separate gf menu with a nice variety of appetizer and entree items. Shortly after sitting down our waiter brought out a baguette, which being gf I couldn't enjoy, but surprisingly he told me my gf toast was being made as we speak. And that is where star 5 comes in!! Never have I been at a restaurant that brings a gf bread option to begin the meal. Lovely.

If you're searching for gf vegan menu, this restaurant doesn't offer that,  but many of the side options listed on the regular menu, such as brussels sprouts and sautéed mushrooms, are gf. Two typical desserts conclude the menu, chocolate mousse and creme brûlée. Both options are good, but take the waiter's advice and try the brûlée instead. The waiter informed my boyfriend that the bread pudding is rated #5 top foods to eat in Las Vegas, but you must ask for it--it isn't listed on the menu. 

Overall, great menu, fantastically kind service, reasonable prices, and comfortable seating both indoors and out. Definitely recommended!!!It was a great lunch at Mon Ami Gabi.

My girlfriend had the classic quiche lorraine, which was delicious.

I had the croque monsieur, i felt like home.

Go for it!Came upon this place while searching through Yelp after finding out we had to wait 4-5 hours to eat at Bachannal (this was on Christmas Eve)... I'm glad I found this place because their food was really good!!

First, the service was really good even though they were super busy. If you want to get seated faster and you don't have a big group, sit at the patio (indoor/outdoor). Our server was very attentive and super friendly. He told us what specials they had that day and explained what each entree was. He also gave a great recommendations on the wine list.

We ordered (3 people):
- Salad Maison: very fresh! Great dish to start off with as an appetizer or to compliment with the entrees.
- Hanger Steak: the meat was very tender and well seasoned (didn't need steak sauce). And I really loved the fries! They were well cooked & seasoned w/ a nice crispiness to it that made it so addicting. Cleaned the entire plate off!
- Seafood Platter: their seafood was pretty fresh! Didn't have a sea-salt taste to any of the seafood items on the platter, which I very much appreciated. The lobster was tender and the meat was nice & juicy.

I will definitely come back here again! Look forward to trying other dishes... Thank you, Mon Ami Gabi for making my Vegas trip that much better!Great brunch food!!! Great seating outside... wonderful customer services.... next time im on this side of the world I will return. ...By far one of my favorite restaurants, in Las Vegas and overall. I ate at Mon Ami before I started Yelping, and I realized I never left them my review. I miss this place, be sure to stop in for brunch or a nice dinner when you're aain town.

The duck confit is simply divine. If you're in the mood for soup, everything is absolutely delicious. My personal favorites are the obvious, French onion, and potato leek. The potato leek soup is smooth, and a perfect blend of flavors. Any of their sandwiches are a good choice, beef dip and another with chicken and caramelized onions were both super delish. If you're in the mood for brunch, I highly recommend their waffles or an eggs Benedict (crab is yummers). They had an awesome bloody mary bar the last time I stopped in...take advantage if you enjoy them.

The service has always been wonderful. On nice days there is an outdoor patio, but the inside ambiance is also enjoyable. Dimly lit, pretty romantic. If you are undecided or have no clue about the menu, the servers here will help you find something. They always have made recommendations to me, even on the wine. Worth a visit, I recommend this restaurant to anyone in Vegas!One of my go-to restaurants to dine at whenever I'm in Vegas.  No reservations for the outdoor patio seating area so you have to show up early if you want to avoid a long wait.  The view of the Bellagio fountains is worth it though!  Writing this review is making me crave the French onion soup and hanger steak with fries.  Mmm...Come to Vegas every year, omg this restaurant won't be wrong to come, the food are so tasty, food, service I can said that were 6  star.   Soooooo goooodCame here for brunch on a Sunday. There was a little wait for inside but an hour + for the patio so we decided to sit inside. Inside was a little dark so it would be worth waiting if you have time to sit on the patio.

The service wasn't great as they were quite busy but the food was really good! The eggs Benedict was fantastic! Some of the best I have had. All food looked good really.
Overall would definitely go back despite the service.Vegas isn't Vegas if I don't have my Mon Ami Gabi! It's such a great spot for whatever mood you're in and you can't beat the view in the pavillion or on the patio looking out towards the Bellagio Fountain!

I've only done brunch here and always, without a doubt order their eggs benedict with tomato and spinach.....love it! If I feel bad, I will order waffles and their muffin! Believe me, I am not pigging out alone on those carbs!

Mon Ami Gabi's service is always on cue and I haven't experienced bad service.  The service is attentative, water is always filled, and we get seated in little to no time! 

I recently tried the bellini and it was quite refreshing, I will be ordering that again. I always tell myself to explore their menu, but my heart goes to the benies! So maybe one day when I feel like eating out of the box, I will try something different.A favorite...especially if you can get a seat on the patio on a nice day. Service and food is always good.  Have recommended to friends who confirmed the same.  My personal favorite is the scallops.  However, the steaks are also good.  Good value.This patio is definitely one of the best on the strip. Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains. So loved the seating for sure.

Service was the best I recieved all trip. Amazing service. The staff are prompt, curteous and at your service.  There are multiple waiters doing different tasks .

The food was very delicious. I paid 5 USD for a croissant but it tasted like the best croissant ever!  I went for brunch and it was fabulous and filling. 

 It was a little more on the pricier side. Beware the drinks are expensive! A beer is close to $10 USD.  The food is definitely worth it, I just wouldn't choose to drink too much here. It will definetly hurt your wallet. LolGreat food here.

Banana Foster's Waffles (might be the best waffles I've had)
French Toast (wife said it was the best french toast she's had)
Corn Beef with hash browns (corn beef was decent but the hit were the hash browns which had some sort of caramelized onion on it)

Awesome food.  We had a group of 10 (6 adults and 4 kids)Excellent food, speedy service, and not too expensive for a nice dinner in Las Vegas. I had the steak frites and was very impressed with everything. Definitely make a reservation and try to get there early to sit on the patio if you can.Unfortunately, even during the week, this restaurant was always too packed to just walk-in. The wait time for "Lonely Party of One" was just too long so I went elsewhere. 

Judging by the ambience, massive amounts of people always there, massive amounts of people waiting to be seated, looking with no shame at plates coming out to diners, fabulous outdoor seating and location, I'm going to go ahead and give them five stars. It was one of the most popular restaurants that I saw on The Strip. Beautiful place to dine at with spectacular food presentation and views. 

Before leaving Vegas I did end-up asking, they do take reservations and you are highly encouraged to make one. Now I know, next time I will be dining here.I am so happy i found got to try this amazing french restaurant out during my last visit to Vegas :) Due to the high yelp reviews, this restaurant was a must try during our last vegas trip in September. Fortunately my party of three got a table as soon as we arrived! :) We had the perfect view of the outdoors! Our party ordered steak frites, classic quiche lorraine and macaroni gratin. Everything was delicious but i found the steak frites and quiche to stand out the most. The quiche was so freakin' good--I savored every last bite. I am definitely coming back as soon we we plan another vegas trip!I am most likely biased, but I loved it here. Why? The food was great as was their great wine selection. I also had my wedding reception here. The staff was wonderful and the food was delicious! They were so easy to work with to arrange my reception. Everyone was incredibly helpful. They even made menus with my husband and I's name on them! Their filet mignon is delish!Best Breakfast in Las Vegas!!!  The food and service are great.  We enjoyed sitting outside.  Bartender Robert takes great care of us when we are there.Unless it's hot outside, get a seat outside and watch the Bellagio fountains while having dinner.  

The steak frites is perfectly done.   It is served thin but that makes it very tender and comes out of the kitchen faster.   You can pick from a bunch of different sauce preparations.  The frites are super thin and therefore very crunchy.   You also get a short warm baguette for the table.   Best of all, it's under $30 before tax tip etc.   

It's the best dinner show at a reasonable price on the strip.This place is located inside the Paris casino.  Its another great place to eat delicious food.  After you order your meal, they bring out a warm baguette.  The baguette tasted fresh.

 I ordered the Chicken and Mushroom crepe.  I loved how there was a lot of mushrooms on top and inside the crepe.  The chicken was tender, too.  

 For dessert, we ordered the Proliferates.  This is basically a cream puff filled with vanila ice cream.  I really enjoyed this dessert.

 Overall, service was very good here.  The prices are fairly reasonable.  I would definitely come back.Very impressed with the value here. Most of the time in Vegas (between the busy-ness and the tourists) higher end restaurants are hit or miss. You're bound to get stuck paying outrageous prices for mediocre food or perhaps poor service....not the case here. 

Prices are very reasonable and all portions are large (I recommend the baked goat cheese appetizer). The view of the Bellagio fountains is perfect during one's evening dinner. While our server seemed very busy, I was pleasantly surprised by his busboy assistant. My water glass was never empty and he even offered more baguettes as he saw the basket nearing empty on our appetizer. 

I would not rave about the the frites that accompanied my filet, and the service by the server could have been a little more attentive (but I'm just being picky here). 

Overall- best value I've found in vegas. You get just about everything you would at a pricier restaurant for much less here. 

4.5 stars.What a great spot and the food was delicious. It was a beautiful evening last night so we decided to wait for a patio table and it was well worth the 20 min wait. We got to watch the Bellagio Fountains go thru 3 shows from our table, our steaks were delicious, even the frites that came with them were good. We had the Warm Goat Cheese app as well and it was just as good. Excellent spot, good food and our waiter was pleasant as well. Some of the waiters/bus staff weren't very pleasant and that was the reason I deducted one star.Although we have one of these LEYE restaurants in Chicago, this spot in Vegas is particularly cool because of its prime piece of real estate.  There is no better place to sit in Vegas - outside in their outdoor patio, under the heated lamps, watching the dancing waters at the Bellagio fountain!  Great people watching spot as well.  And their food is great for a chain - I especially love getting appetizers and wine.  Their soups are delicious, and their entrees are good as well.  Great lunch place!Staff are friendly... great service, the food is excellent... I ordered fillet minon.. and as I expected and deserved .. it was Fantastic! The mashed potatoe is made from real potatoe.. not powder.. I salute the whole team in this restaurant... Benny is our servant and he is truly remarkably amazing!!!This place is a lovely choice for a lunch al fresco style.  We sat outside, with only a 10 min wait for an outdoor seat, with a view of the bellagio fountains; the tiny tables made it feel just like an actual parisan cafe.  The server made some good recommendations but was only adequate in terms of attentiveness.  

Their french bread they bring out is amazing, the perfect texture of flaky without being hard.  For entrees, we got the steak and fites bordelaise which was tender and flavorful - you can choose from a couple different other ways of preparing the steak.  I got a chicken & brie with pesto flavor sandwich, which came out on a soft bread and was small and light, decent for a lunch serving.Loved this place! Came for a late brunch and had one of the best experiences ever! First off on Sat and Sun they have a wonderful make-your-own bloody bar. Delish. After that we were brought a warm baguette with perfectly salted butter. Soon our entrees arrived; Blueberry French toast and egg Benedict. The best French toast of my life - perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside served with chantilly cream. I will come back!I love the location first and foremost. Directly across from the Bellagio fountains!! Prices are med range for the strip and service has been excellent every visit! Not part of total rewards though as I recall.   As always, they start you off with a warm baguette and whipped butter which you can definitely fill up on. We then always start with the Three cream cheese w/ roasted garlic and mushrooms. I love it. The salmon salad is delicious and the steak is the bomb!! Try finishing with the lemon creme brulee! Exellent place to people watch, prices decent, and the fountains at night are beautiful.Beautiful to sit on patio and watch the Bellagio fountains. Service great as was food. Wonderful place to enjoy the sights of the Strip.This place is really about romance and the ambiance.  But the food is damn good too.  Make a reservation using Open Table or do it in some other fashion.  Outdoor seating is the best if the weather permits.  You sit outside and can see across the street to the Bellagio and the water show that comes on.  They have plenty of heat lamps outside so you shouldn't be cold if it's on the colder side outside.  You can't go wrong sitting inside either if you prefer that.  If you sit close to the window near the strip, you should still see the Bellagio and the water display.  You probably won't hear the music that goes with it.  If you sit deeper inside the restaurant, you won't see the Bellagio or the water display at all.  But the lighting is dark and the restaurant is romantic.  The bread was a big hit for us and the vegetarian options were great.  Our friends eat meat and enjoyed their dishes.  The wine was fine.  This will be a destination we hit in the future every time we are in Vegas.  Set the night to romance and hit this spot!Absolutely loved Mon Ami Gabi. It actually reminded me of any brasserie in Paris. 
If the weather is nice out and you want to sit at the Patio, definitely make a reservation ahead of time because the line gets long. The line for indoors is actually really short and pretty quick. 

The service is simply amazing. Our waiter was very very professional and helpful. We went for brunch and food was very tasty. I got the chicken and mushroom crepe, which was very cheesy and filling! 

Definitely want to come back before I leave Vegas!We had reservations for 645PM and we were running late because of traffic on the strip and they still gave me my Opentable points... YAY!  I know a lot of restaurants who wouldn't do that.  My only complaint was that they seated us in the bar area of the restaurant which was really crowded with people around the bar, I would think they would sit us in the main room since we did have reservations.  The food was to die for.  The bread was super fresh from the oven... I wanted to eat more but did not want to ruin my appetite.  I ordered the Filet Mignon Au Poivre, medium rare... which was perfect and the creme fraiche made it all the better.  The meat was so tender and it melted in my mouth.  The pommes frittes were so good too.  Our server was really nice but a little creepy at the same time? haha, it's hard to explain.  All in all it was a great meal... my mouth is watering just thinking about the filet.My Favorite restaurant in Vegas. 

Stunning view of the water at the Bellagio. I recommend sitting on the outdoor patio. You can hear the music and see the water.

The food is superb, the wine is divine.

Have been here twice with my husband - about 4 years between visits and it was just as lovely each time.

Its so romantic.After dining at this restaurant I'm perplexed by how anyone can give it less than 5 stars. We had dinner here on a gorgeous Saturday around 5pm. We were seated outside right along the strip. The weather was perfect and we were enjoying the people watching and the Bellagio's water shows.

The staff was on point, hustling around tending to the patrons needs and wants. We shared a couple bottles of wine. I ordered the pork medallions wrapped in bacon. Hello? Pork wrapped in pork! How can you go wrong? My medallions were complemented with the accompaniment of what I'm going to say was a quince and yellow raisin chutney. My cousin had ordered the cheese plate which came with some fresh crisp apple slices, raisin bread, walnuts, dates and a fig spread. I tasted the cheese and all three were fantastic. 

I also liked the vibe in the indoor dinning rooms of this establishment. Mon Ami is definitely getting added to my list of great  places for a casual yet memorable meal in Vegas.Best breakfast in Las Vegas. We loved it so much we had breakfast there two days in a row. Also, they serve Intelligentsia coffee (our favorite) and that just sealed the deal (after looking for good coffee for two days - this was an amazing discovery). If you don't get the berry waffle, you're not doing it right.A great spot to sip some wine, have some great food & people watch.   Doesn't hurt that you get front row seats to the Bellagio's water shows as well. The Steak Au Poivre was excellent, the pate was alright.  Definitely a very touristy spot, but what part of Vegas isn't?This is not the fanciest steakhouse you'll find in Vegas, but the food is delicious. Stopped in here with two girlfriends before our night out on the town. 
We made reservations beforehand and the restaurant was filled. Our waitress tried hard to pay attention to all her tables and I was happy with our service.Went for brunch on my last day in Vegas. I had the ham and cheese tartine and I just wish it had a little less mustard. The caramel creme brule is amazing. Gave it an extra star just for that. Overall, a good place for brunch. Nothing too special but it's good enough. The ambiance and service are worth it.This was my 2nd time here. We went here as a back up Bday dinner plan because some Baller decided to buy out STK steak house for the night. I was still very satisfied with Mon Ami Gabi. 
*****Service is is superb. 
*****The food is always cooked to perfection.  

Its only right to start off with some Champagne Marquis De La Tour when at a french restaurant.

We ordered the 12oz New York strip with Bearnaise sauce aside with hand cut frites which were amazing.
also ordered the Steak Roquefort with blue cheese sauce and also with hand cut frites. 


This is definitely a spot I have to hit up every time I come to Vegas!"My friend Gabi"...is your friend as well ~

* CMP - French bread = soft and tear-apart, served with butter and carottes râpées
* GET - Brie starter = LOVED it!  Warm melted brie with roasted garlic cloves & toasted hazelnuts...
* GET - Grilled Salmon Salad [avocado, blueberries, walnuts] = light w/ citrus dressing
* GET - Lemon Salmon [asparagus, pea puree] = succulent salmon, served slightly rare in center
* GET - Tuna Nicoise salad = seared tuna with yummy vinaigrette
* MEH - Frites = fun frites in flat shape but man, they were soggy and had no-crisp whatsoever

* YES - Prompt friendly service
* YES - Full bar right off of patio
* YES - Dark interior seating, airy middle section (with floor-ceiling windows), or outdoor patio seating for people watching
* YES - Great for all: families, dates, business meals, and groups

* WOA (words of advice):
- Reservations guarantee indoor seating, must request patio ones upon arrival
- Main entrance from inside Paris Hotel (to the left)Great restaurant... A friend recommended this restaurant to me and I was not led astray! I ordered the duck confit, the special of the night (medallions wrapped in bacon) and a Shirley Temple! Duck confit was amazing the best I've had! The bar was great, the bartender never let my drink get low and the view was awesome! I sat at the bar and had a great view of the Bellagio fountain show!Love the Chicago one and this one at Paris in las vegas is equally good. Mussels are a great appetizer.We love this place for breakfast! Our absolute favorites are the corned beef hash and ham & cheese crepe. The muffins, yogurt parfait and fresh squeezed OJ are also excellent. Sit on the patio and enjoy people watching while you eat delicious food! Last time we had Trish as our server and she was great!They didn't have breakfast (served until 11) the last time I came here.  How very French of them, but they caved in to fatty American dreams, and, I've got to say it was probably the best decision they've ever made.

You've GOT to try it!  I ordered the Eggs Florentine and it was aaammmaaaazzziiinnnggggg.  They make their own English muffins and the Hollandaise was not overpowering like it usually is in other places.  Eggs were perfectly poached, and it came with a side of hash browns, which were crisped to perfection and seasoned well (had some caramelized onions tucked away in there too).  

If you don't have a reservation, you'll probably have to wait in line, but we had a party of three and the line moved pretty quickly.  They get fairly busy, and the service is so-so.  But the benedicts are superb :)Location, location, location. When we came here Thursday morning I was lucky that I made a reservation for breakfast with outdoor seating which by the way oversees the Bellagio fountains, unfortunately at that time in the morning the fountain show did not being but it was still nice to see the Bellagio and people watch. 

Ok, now to the food. I ordered the eggs Benedict which was really good. I had mentioned it before that for me what makes a good sandwich is good bread and this was gooood bread. The side of potatoes was just ehh. 

To wash down the Benedict I had a mimosa which was nothing special but it was suited the moment, Vegas 85 degrees (ha it was 9am) with great company in a great location. 

The service was great we never had an empty cup of coffee and I mean NEVER. The wait staff was very accommodating with any questions we had. 

Next time I would like to come here for dinner with outdoor seating. For that I would probably have to make reservations a week in advance. When walking by here at night it was jammed packed at night."A BEAUTIFUL BISTRO"

I lived in France in the 1960s and any restaurant re-creating that era has me at "classic, traditional..." Mon Ami Gabi doesn't disappoint in so many ways, but does fall a bit short at fully recreating the classic French bistro.

The walls are deep and lustrous wood, the interior rooms are larger than most "classic" bistros, but the feeling is very much the same. This visit there wasn't much noise inside, and the atmosphere wasn't stuffy and oozed comfort and charm.

Outside on the patio, where I ate (after waiting 40 minutes on a first-come, first-serve basis) there were booming American voices, and a lack of intimacy with street pedestrians that pervaded traditional French bistros.

I wanted to order one of everything on the menu, but settled for the classic "basics": escargot and onion soup. The flavors were perfectly balanced, but... the escargot were not in their shells, they were served with a spoon (broke my heart), and while the flavors were on point, there was a greasiness to the herbed butter that seemed totally out of place to me.

The onion soup was virtually "stuffed" with melted Gruyère, so yummy and perfect, the soup itself brought back many exceptional food memories, but the onions were almost non-existent. In their place was a huge amount of bread.

The service was fair to poor. When I sat down I asked for water with lemon and got water without lemon. I had to ask for bread after my escargot were served (can you eat escargot without bread???!!) I asked for my onion soup to be served after my escargot, but it came when I was only halfway through my first course. 

My waitress comped a dessert due to the uneven service, but didn't offer me a choice. Having had bread with the escargot and onion soup she brought me bread pudding, not exactly a French classic.

When I asked for "l'addition" (the check) I said it in French because I hoped the wait staff were trained to understand that one word - but it was a false hope. 

More like an American in Paris than a classic French bistro, but still well worth experiencing.Seating was great...al fresco, but close enough to patio door A/C to be cool & comfortable for an early dinner.  Food was fantastic, as usual.  Seared salmon, hanger steak, chicken were all excellent with none left for "take away."  Server was very knowledgable, courteous & engaging.  Great experience for us (as returning patrons) and first time guests!The food and service were excellent.  Try to eat outside on the patio, not only will you get to enjoy a lovely meal amidst the bustle of the Strip, but you will also get a great show from the Bellagio across the street.  If we ever come back, this restaurant will also be on the list.  Not that this is any big surprise, but a bottle of wine there is 250% more than the equivalent at Walgreens; for the romantically thrifty, stick with water for a bevy.An authentic french flare on Vegas food. We came here for lunch and found great bread, and great entrees. I can't remember specifically what my mom and I had, but it tasted great. We also had the sorbet for dessert and it was immaculate. Freshly made and with fresh ingredients. The dining rooms are pretty packed full of tables so it doesn't feel very spacious in the dining rooms. Overall though it was a great lunch experience. Great, authentic food and good service.I came here on a whim around 6:30 on a Monday. There wasn't a wait to sit inside but there was a 45 minute wait to sit outside. By the time we finished our meal the line was massive.
Country pate with toasted baguette is worth a try. I've never had it before so be warned that it is quite adventurous. 
Seared scallops with beans was delicious.
My cousin had the steak and loved it. He said it was the most tender steak he's ever had and 100% would come back for it.
My sister ordered the pasta dish which had really light flavors. It was good but there are other dishes that are better.We ate here twice for brekky, the place has a nice vibe. Good view of the fountains at Bellagio, even if you sit inside, it's like an atrium so you dont feel stifled. The service was nice and relaxed, but still attentive. The food is well prepared, filling, but not heavy. The house champagne is a light and crisp brut. Im a fan! Will be going back before we leave Vegas this time ;pAte here for breakfast back in December 2012. Had the salmon eggs benedict which were out of this world. Others in my party had the lemon Big Skinny Pancakes and apple crepes. We also ordered two bowls of French onion soup which I would whole heartedly recommend. Nice seating in the atrium area, didn't want to be out on the outdoor patio as it was too cold for us Hawaii folks!!Great location, great French food. I recently had dinner here with two friends; we didn't order much but it was enough to know this place is good. I had a half dozen of the oysters of the day, and the French onion soup, which was hot, oniony cheesy goodness. My friends ordered the mashed potatoes, the green salad, the bacon salad and the scallops appetizer. Their only complaint was that there was way too much frisee, not enough leaves in their salads.

We got a table on the patio even though it was about 40 degrees that night. Those heat lamps are strong, we got so toasty that we started sweating. The view was amazing, you can people watch and also enjoy the Bellagio fountains. The restaurant inside was very nice too, it reminded me of the French bistros in NY (though not necessarily the bistros in Paris, because I don't think most Parisian bistros are as large as Mon Ami Gabi). 

The service was very attentive as well, and  I appreciated the complimentary warm fresh bread and pickled green apples! 

I would definitely come back here!In peu de Paris en Vegas...Viva France
The view from this outside patio area is one of the most fabulous in VEGAS IF you are into the STRIP!
And I am.
We were there during the day.
I am sure the nighttime view is beyond amazing considering you are directly across from the fountains from the Bellagio...
Not possible to make reservations for the patio
First come first seated.
go at an off time, sign up and YES you can wait just outside the front doors and the "buzzer" still works, even though they say it doesn't...
I loved the mussels with the fries, and the huge French Onion Soup with melted cheese.
My GF had the Salmon Salad, perfect.
Not cheap, but well worth the quality food, good service and magnificent viewI'm going to keep this short and sweet:  I feel like I always want to eat here every time I'm in Vegas!!!  

What I love about this place:
- French onion soup is delicious! 
- Outdoor seating offers a perfect view of the Strip and the Bellagio Fountain show
- Service was attentive and prompt

There's always a ton of people here, so make sure you make reservations - if not, expect to wait about 45 min - 1 hour.Just as the sun was rising, two friends met to celebrate with a birthday breakfast!  Thanks to Stefany V., I enjoyed a beautiful morning patio meal.

So breakfast on a patio in July?  Definitely.  We arrived right at 7am opening time to ensure we nabbed a good spot.  With the position of the restaurant, the morning sun is hidden thus making for a comfortable setting.  You walk through the beautiful and clean decor of their spacious dining area before reaching the al fresco area.  

Yelp friends know how to do it...  we share so we can sample more items!  We split the Chicken Apple Brie Crepe as well as the Daily Special Benedict.  The crepe was absolutely perfect.  There was a nice delicate balance of flavors created by the moist chicken, sweet apple and smooth brie.  They play a nice melody in your mouth for sure! 

The Benedict was nothing but delightful!  Succulent turkey, spinach with the perfectly poached egg was layered to make this benedict so good.  The ingredients were fresh and full of flavor.  Their hollandaise is the cherry on top so to speak.  I would recommend either breakfast dishes to start a great day!

A big thank you to our wonderful waiter and his great service.  He checked on us ensuring our meal was complete.  My lovely coffee cup was filled often giving me my energy.  By the way, their coffee is full of flavor, smooth and strong.  Just the way I like it! 

Sit back, watch the water show across the street and enjoy a great meal!Best Brie Burger I have ever had!

Came here in December for a quick lunch before our drive back to LA. We sat outside even though it was freezing but didn't notice it because of the heat lamps! I ordered the the brie burger and had verrrry high expectations because I was told this would be the best burger I had ever tried! 

Well, I was impressed! It was awesome, the meat was cooked perfectly and the brie was delish on the burger with the toasty bread! The fries were a little weird. They were the thin cut kind-- i'm not really a fan.
 

Can't wait to head back to Sin City just for this treasure!We had a late breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi.  There was a long line out front but everyone was waiting for patio seating.  We were able to sit immediately indoors.  Menu is very French, very rich.  My son had blueberry French toast (should have been listed on the dessert menu).  I tried the mixed berry big skinny pancakes which were described as very thin.  I was thinking German pancakes at Ihop but they were more crepe-like.  I think they would have been better a bit more dense, spongy, as opposed to flaky and almost crispy and dry on the ends.  My husband enjoyed the eggs benedict of the day as well as all of their lovely breads.  Overall high quality restaurant with terrific service.Fantastic patio views of the bellagio fountains, superb French cuisine including house made breads and pastries( the croissant will melt in your mouth), bechamel sauce rivaled only by Paris France's real thing, crispy crunchy fries that will bring a smile to your face. If you want an exquisite breakfast spot, look no further!We know you want to sit out on their dining terrace, so just prepare yourself to wait an hour minimum. I wasn't going to wait that long, which undoubtedly took away from some of that ambiance. The food was alright, not necessarily the best. The unfortunate thing is that everyone at the table got a steak of some kind so really this is just a review of their steak dinners. They have quite a few steak options all ranging from the least expensive hanger steak to filets. The steak was cooked perfectly, but I don't think it separates them from any other restaurant in the area. The service was excellent, which is to be expected with the caliber of this place. I'd absolutely go back and try different menu options to get a better idea of the food quality and to try and grab a table outside. If you're enticed by the outdoor dining option, give it a go. If you don't feel like waiting over an hour to watch the fountain show and people watch, but still want quality French food, head over to Comme Ca at The Cosmopolitan. They have outdoor seating and the food is competitively priced.I felt like I was transported to a cozy, intimate cafe in France.  The service was excellent and our waiter offered us a wine tasting to find the perfect glass of red. The French Onion Soup, Roast Chicken and Grilled Salmon were fabulous. Try sitting outside so you can watch the Bellagio water show.I have been traveling to Vegas since the mid 90's at least 2 or 3X a year for business and pleasure, and nothing compares to a meal at Mon Ami Gabi! Hands down this is one of my favorite places to dine when I am in town, and I can honestly say I have never been disappointed. This classic French bistro serves magnificent food in a wonderful atmosphere, and at a fair price. Thier position on the strip also offers a terrific view of the Bellagio.

As soon as I boarded my flight from NY this morning my mouth was drooling with anticipation. Thier steak frites are absolutely amazing, and will melt in your mouth with orgasmic bliss. I knew that I would be dining alone tonight, so I did not even make a reservation as the bar area is a great spot to eat here, especially the one out facing the strip with a view of the Bellagio water show. I just winged it and ended up with a prime spot sitting and conversing with other single visitors in town enjoying a meal at the bar.

I ordered  a glass of Pinot Noir, and chose the Steak Frites Bordelaise. Tender steak sliced thin, almost like a flank steak, with carmelized onions, and a red wine sauce ladeled over the top. Crispy and thin frites with just the right amount of saltiness accompanied the steak. I bit into the first bite and - OH -MY-GOD - I wanted to melt off my bar stool right then and there. The exquisite taste of the steak along with the carmelized onions just put a smile on my face the whole time I was there. I think everyone around me had the same look of satisfaction from what they were eating too. I went absolutely all piggy and finished every bite of steak and frites on the plate. I even soaked up the extra sauce on the plate with this amazing hot mini baguette of crispy bread they serve with the meal.

It was all so good I totally ignored the booming sounds of the water show going on across the street. As I settled up the bill I was glowing in the aftermath of total satisfaction. Just a perfect place to have a great meal in a civilized atmosphere wether it be a date or a group. As I walked down the street back towards my casino hotel I felt as if I was floating two inches above the ground. Drool is already forming at the corner of my mouth writing this review!I've heard GREAT things about their steak but unfortunately, i came for brunch. Brunch here is not bad, there's an outdoor patio to enjoy some sunlight and the inside looks rather fancy - for brunch, but i am not complaining. We were seated quickly but then again we came at 1 ish. Servers were really nice. The place smelled amazing. Everyone's dishes looked so appetizing. I split a mushroom omelette - big mistake, the portions here are not as big as Hash House lol so definitely coulda finished this on my own. The mushroom omelette was pretty good. Usually not a fan of mushroom but it went well with the chives and cheese. My friend ordered the chicken brie and apple crepe - which was also pretty good. I love chicken and it wasn't dry. Next time that's probably what I'm going to order. Actually, I really wanna try this "melt in your mouth" steak my friend has been raving about. She said it was the best steak she ever had. until next time !Good thing about this place is that they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. though, im not a French cuisine fan, but I think the food taste great. I ordered the steak with fries, and it was good. Mon ami has an outdoor seating area that is overlooking the majestic Bellagio water 
fountains.Love Mon Ami Gabi! Onion soup is very good also VERY hot. Incredible tasting fish dishes - favorite is the Trout Amandine. Bananas Foster Crepe has be the BEST dessert in the city. It's decadent. Fun atmosphere - a bit loud in the atrium. Must try their Gluten Free items next time. Wines are delicious and affordable for being on the Strip. Bon Appetitie!I live here in Las Vegas and I've been to this restaurant twice already. They have a pretty phenomenal gluten free menu with a lot of great choices. Although it is mostly a steak house, there are also chicken, fish, vegetarian, and other options. They also have a lot of excellent sides and bring out gluten free bread with the meal with the other normal bread. All of my plates had a little stick that read "allergy" so I know for a fact the chef's prepared it gluten free and it wouldn't be mixed up. This restaurant is a little pricey but is so worth it for the care they take with my gluten allergy and the taste of the food! Easily the best restaurant on the strip.our favorite restaurant.  haven't had a bad meal there ever. for the price and atmosphere can't beat it.  my favorite is lunch.  eat on the patio, overlooking the bellagio fountain show, crepes and escargot.  Yum, and so cheap for what you experience.The food is delicious and the staff is always wonderful. My biggest recommendation is to avoid the bar area, though. When we were seated in the "dining section" of the area, people thought they could put their bag on our table, jacket on our chairs, etc. It was a little gross (and really bizarre)...Love it!  

Location/Ambience/Energy/Service/Food=Yes!!!

Everything I have tasted here has been well executed and excellent. 

Lobster Bisque, Shrimp Cocktail, Steaks are awesome, Herb Roast Chicken, Chocolate Mousse...Yummy!

I actually had a New Years Dinner here on the patio, which is super cool because you are right at the center of the strip and in front of the big fireworks show especially what Bellagio puts on.   It's so much fun to people watch as well.  Since the Patio is lifted you have first hand view of all the crazy below but are also separate enough not to be bothered by the crazy.

They have a setup for $110 for Prix Fix Dinner on the patio on New Years.  Totally worth it! Great way to celebrate and get in the mood to hit the clubs!!!

Highly recommend!!!Boyfriend and I ate here after seeing Jersey Boys. After our horrible lunch at Sugar Factory my BF was a little apprehensive eating inside theParis hotel again. I told him I was hungry and we found this place. We had one of the best burgers ever. The fries were not my cup of tea because they really thin like chips but they were still good. Nice atmosphere and perfect ending to our date night.This is my favorite place to have breakfast while in Vegas. Eating out on their patio early in the morning is wonderful. Your straight across from the water show and over the sidewalk for great morning people watching. 

There is nothing on their breakfast menu that we have found that we did not like. The staff is always very friendly and fast. 

Make reservations ahead of time if you wait till mid morning to go and ensure your entire party is there together or you will not be seated on the patio.OMG...I was looking for a place to take my son for his 21st birthday. I wanted a very nice dinner that wouldnt break the bank. Mon Ami Gabi exceeded my expectations! Dinner for 5 for $204...tax and tip included! The filet mignon was the best any of us have had. The Sea scallops were huge and perfectly cooked. Even the escargot was prepared well. The service was fantastic and they even included a free birthday dessert for my son! I will be back for more on my next trip!BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST
BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST
BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST
BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST
BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST

Come here for this and only this!! I've been here twice and have found that everything else pales in comparison to the BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST. I asked the waiter how they make it taste so good and he said "I'll have our chef send you the recipe!" I thought he was kidding but he wasn't! Filled out a form and I just got the chef's email yesterday with this recipe.  I thought that was pretty awesome! Oh and the view is great too...But remember, order the BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOASTThe best thing I ate whilst in Vegas over the past 4 days I was there.  I wish we could have sat out on the patio, but it was so cold and windy that night!  The ambiance is dark and romantic, yet warm and welcoming.  It has an old French decor and charm with a great waitstaff.  I was able to grab a reservation for a party of 4 in the cab on my way to the restaurant!  

I ordered a salmon which came on a bed of quinoa.  It was cooked perfectly and the citron butter flavor really complimented the fish.  It was light but still filling, and best of all, healthy.  I also had a good chunk of the beef short ribs and the hanger steak, which were both amazing as well.  For $20 a steak that good is a great deal.  The only complaint I have is the frites, which are more like potato chips instead of fries.  I think actual fries would have given the dish more substance, but it IS their signature hand-cut frites...  

The menu was simple enough but not underwhelming, food, ambiance, and service was great, and for the quality of the food, these prices seriously cannot be beat.This place is wonderful, you don't expect to find something that feels this authentic in LV. We had no wait (we sat inside), promptly seated. Our server was a warm and friendly little cutie :)

Their bread is realllllly good, watch out not to fill up. I ordered two apps for my entree, the scallops and the mussels. PERFECT. Seafood was fresh and succulent, the glass of chard I had to accompany was really lovely too. The atmosphere feels cozy like a french bistro even though it's enormous. I really liked this place, would definitely return :)Nice French food with a great view if the Bellagio fountainsI really, really love this place--it seems like I come here for brunch every time I'm in Vegas. The make-your-own-Bloody Mary bar is a highlight when it's offered, but otherwise the cocktail list is very good, and the food is delicious. I've never had a meal here that I didn't enjoy.

The only issue I've ever encountered here is that it can be very crowded and very busy; there are occasional moments where it is difficult to flag down your server (thus my star deduction)--in particular, the server mutilated the split check we requested, charging me a couple of pennies while my friend was charged the balance, and it took nearly five minutes to get his attention after we discovered the error (he promptly fixed it, though, and was extremely apologetic).

An important note: Reservations are not possible if you want to eat on the outdoor terrace patio thing--you just have to stand in line and wait. However, I feel like the patio is overrated, since it can be quite hot and you'll be just inches away from drunk people who are smoking/screaming/doing whatever. Really--truly--eating outside on the Las Vegas Strip is not worth the wait or the grief. Believe me. Don't be a noob. Do yourself a huge favor and just eat inside where there is sweet, sweet air conditioning--you can make yourself a reservation online on OpenTable.com and bypass the line.Great for Breakfast too.  The service was the best I had on my whole trip and the breakfast so yummy. I couldn't stop eating the toast. It was the best toast I have ever had. Big thick slices.  Even the jam was like homemade. I know it is only toast but it was so good. I had the Eggs & Beef Bourguignon, bacon, mushrooms, pearl onions for $11.50. The eggs where pouched and huge. I think they might have been duck eggs. Very rich dark yokes like free range grass feed poulty give you. The stew was very rich and tasty. Coffee is great and my server was always there to fill it up. I also ordered the flaky Pain Au Chocolat for $3.50.  My husband had the made by scratch blueberry waffles for $10.95. He said they where the best he has had. Looking at other people plates made me wanting to try it all. Next trip for sure.I have been to this place on two different trips and the food is always excellent. The warmed brie is delicious, the salad with bacon and an egg, the pork paillard, and the roast chicken are also good. The sangria carafe is great too if you don't want to buy a bottle of wine. The location (can watch the Bellagio foundations) and service were good too!An absolute oasis in a sea of Vegas chaos. Great food and service along with a fantastic replication of a French brasserie.  Now I wish they had locations in Southern California.- Great Service
- Bread is warm, crisp outside, soft inside, and just amazing like in Paris
- Wine is also amazing just like in Europe
- Appetizers were really flavorful and delicious

Tips:
Make reservations! This place gets PACKED!
Come around 6PM, and ask for an outside seat! You'll have dinner just in time for the music and water show in front of the Bellagio!

Came here for my sister's bday dinner with a party of 5. Put in our reservations ahead of time, and still had to wait about a good 10 minutes (so I decided to play the slot machines outside and won $50! The wild safari animals one with big cats.)

We were seated, and the waiters immediately brought water, bread and butter. it was so delicious, and the warm bread tasted just as fresh and as when I was in Paris. After putting in our orders, one of the waiters spilled a flask of water behind us and apologized! We didn't even care nor did the water splash on us. But within a few minutes, he brought an appetizer FREE of charge! :D Our waiter was also french! Or maybe he just pretended to have a french accent, but he was really on top of it, and made nice conversation on our meal, day, and Vegas trip. 

Appetizers Ordered: Escargot, scallops, and oysters! Oysters were really fresh with the lemon! Escargot also as excellent as when I ate them in Paris! Scallops were a little small, but still thoroughly enjoyable and delicious to eat.

Wine: Ordered a merlot and it was excellent! Tasted so well with our dinner.

Main Course: I ordered the salmon with rice. I thought it looked a little small to be honest, and the salmon a bit overcooked. But the rice was excellent, and salmon still pretty fresh and enjoyable. Not the most amazing salmon I've ever had, but it did its job.

All while eating dinner, the Bellagio had its water show and the night was perfect! We also got a small birthday cake/ice cream for my sister and it was awesome blossom!Great restaurant!!! We had dinner for about $60 for two. The Steak Roquefort fritte was perfect.  Onion soup is also one of the best i've had.  Wife had the Lemon chicken which was also very good. If your looking for a 24oz portherhouse, your at the wrong place, but you will not be disapointed with the qualty and flavor.i love this spot!! great service with knowledgeable and helpful service every time and fantastic food to match! I go to mon ami once in a while for their beautiful brunch menu for the eggs benedict, the flat iron steak, or the delicious corned beef hash!! their dinner specials and appetizers are pretty amazing as well! there really isn't much on the menu I feel is a loss to try! if you have never had french cuisine, mon ami is definitely a good kick start to try it! only critique i can really provide to make this place the best is the service quality you get at the door. Every time i've come down here, the hostesses are just not friendly. But, the rest of the experience has always been great! brought some of my best friends here and they've all shared great memories with me with great service and cuisine!On my recent trip to Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi stood out as not only the most delicious and memorable restaurant, but probably the most bang for your buck.

While it was a Sunday night, we decided to err on the side of caution and make a reservation. Good call, it was pretty busy! We were quickly seated by a friendly hostess and our server brought us a great, crusty baguette and an amuse bouche, which was a pickled carrot. While I enjoyed the pickled carrot, the bread was what really stood out. It was everything I wanted and more. It was so perfect to sop up all of the sauce for the appetizer we ordered (escargot). So, I don't have snail very often, but I always order it when I see it on a menu and I have to say the escargot at Mon Ami was exceptional. It was cooked very nicely and wasn't chewy (sometimes it feels like I'm eating a rubber band when I order escargot). The sauce was buttery and garlicky, and as I mentioned, every drop of sauce went to good use when sopped up with the perfect bread.

For an entree, I had the braised lamb shank which was not only a huge portion, but was ridiculously moist and tender. The meat was completely falling off the bone and was flawlessly seasoned. Best of all, the sides were also solid. Couscous, almonds, raisins, and root vegetables. The sweet chewiness of the raisins paired well with the crunch of the almonds and the earthy caramelization on the vegetables. My dinning companion had the poisson frites, which were also exceptional. The frites consisted of a huge filet of white fish that was delicately coated and fried. Don't order this if you are expecting fish and chips, because this is far superior. The coating was crunchy but understated and the frites were practically paper thin and were airy. 

Throughout the visit service was friendly and attentive, and I rather enjoyed the ambiance. 

The best part? The bill. An appetizer, two entrees, a few cocktails and beer.... less than $100. In a city where Starbucks charges over $5 for an americano, I was expecting more damage considering the high quality and huge portion. It was one of the cheapest meals of the trip and it was by far the most delicious. I cannot recommend it enough!My sister and I stayed at Paris and ate here several times.  We had breakfast our first morning there on the patio, dinner take out another night and sticky buns to go another morning. 

Best patio on the strip hands down!  It was shaded from the sun, had a front row seat to the Bellagio fountains and misters to cool you.  The food was great.  Bacon waffles with chocolate sauce, ahi tuna burger and turkey avocado omelettes all delicious.  Only bad thing was the sticky buns, they didn't live up to the hype..a little dry. Service was great, very friendly.  Atomosphere was quiant- didn't feel like a casino restaurant at all.  Would go back in a heartbeat.I love this place!! 

Context: I was visiting my friend in Vegas for a couple of days and she asked me what I wanted for dinner right before my flight out. My request was simple: "Somewhere outdoors with a view of the strip where we can chill, drink, eat some good food and people watch." Surprisingly, there was only one place that fit my demands: Mon Ami Gabi!

Apprehensively we drove over to Paris expecting a wait at the restaurant that would damper the plans but surprisingly most of the outdoor seating was available when we showed up at around 5:00 pm. We got a prime seat outside facing the Bellagio. Picture this: sangria, setting sun, water show, slight breeze with beautiful weather. Ah...Vegas - you gotta love it.

We ended up ordering the escargot (delicious) and the skate wing (kind of fishy flavored, a bit disappointing) to share. However, I gotta admit that the whole experience was not really about the food, more about the ridiculously relaxing and beautiful experience.

So again I say: I love love love this place. Usually when I'm in Vegas I'm just too hungover and in pain and I'm so glad we stopped in at Mon Ami Gabi to just stop for a second, chill, and experience the good life =)The place is aight. The location is pretty good, Paris casino right in front of the Bellagio fountains. We were first at the city center restaurants and everything seemed pretty pricey so of course I yelped restaurants in the area and came across this one. The prices were like a normal restaurant. About $15 a plate. There was a wait for the outdoor area so we just decided to sit inside. The food was good, in my opinion but the others I was with thought it could be better. The other reviews complimented the waiters but ours wasn't that great. We had to ask a busboy for help. It's all good cuz we took it out of his tip :)Gotta love the hanger steak aka the famous french bistro hanging tenderloin for the technical foodies out there. Very fair prices and the wine list is very good for pairing. You can sit on strip and watch the Bellagio water shoe but if its hot or there are too many weirdies walking on the strip the inside is really nice. I go here every time i'm in Vegas and love it each time.We went here for breakfast... it was pretty yummy stuff and the price was pretty in line with the rest of the places on the strip.  My husband thought their coffee was pretty bitter,  but maybe this was a one time fluke?What a beautiful location...on the patio, watching the Bellagio Fountains!  Thoroughly enjoyed our steak dinner.  I had the mushroom soup ( delish!) & Steak Bordelaise $26 and hubby had the arugula salad & Bacon wrapped filet special $36 which he loved too. The portions were generous and the price was very reasonable considering the location!Been to Mon Ami Gabi several times and I have to say that everything has always been excellent.
Food is excellent and flavors have always been very consistent.
You cant beat the price for the quality that your getting.
If you get the opportunity to sit on the patio in the evening, it brings everything together.One of the best steaks I've ever had. The bone-in ribeye was cooked perfectly. Even their bread & carrots were super delicious. My wife really enjoyed her salad as well, as she isn't a steak eater. Our table couldn't have been in a better spot. Great view of the fountain/water at the Bellagio & perfect breeze, even though we were seated indoors. Now that I know that there's two locations about 30-45 min from me, I'll have to try each of them to see how they stack up.I couldn't wait to write this review.  We were in Las Vegas a few months back and I can't believe it took me this long to post this review.  

We frequent VEGAS a lot!!  and we have never eaten here. I cannot believe I missed this Gem.  The breakfast I had was hands down the best breakfast I have ever had in Las Vegas.  Actually best I have ever had period.   Literally their eggs benedict was the best I have ever eaten.  They had a special that weekend where the eggs benedict had strip steak.  OMG OMG.... the bomb...words can't describe, it melted in your mouth and the Hollandaise sauce is PERFECT.  Just writing about it makes me want to go back now...it is that good.  Perhaps I was there on a good day, don't know, but everything was great. Fresh OJ, great coffee... good looking waiters...just perfect.... My sister's  breakfast was exceptional as well.  Basic but good, baguette with butter, yummy, she had the mushroom omelet with brie cheese and chives...I had a taste and it was also AMAZE...the brie and chives just really mesh.  If I had to pick a stand out it would be the Hollandaise sauce  :) 

Additionally you cannot beat sitting outside on the strip with a view of the water show at the Bellagio and people watching...just a perfect setting for a VACAY  :)Thanks to Yelp, I've suggested this restaurant twice, once when I was with a bunch of girlfriends and the second for a company dinner. Both times we were not able to sit on the patio because there was a looong wait time and they don't take reservations. However! I have been pleased both times with the service, food, and ambiance. I think this is a good "safe" choice when looking to please everyone who might like different things. You've got steak, salad, soups, pastas, and more special items like lamb, olives in a jar, etc. 

It's a crowd pleaser for sure!Went here on a date, wasn't really expecting much since i have tried a few restaurants on the strip, most are over priced, bad serve and really not that good. 
This was not the case here. It was a busy night with a few conventions in town. we had reservations for 8:30, they got us in about 8:35. Ordered the scallops as app. neither of us have had before, they were good i guess, not exactly sure how scallops were suppose to taste. i had the steak with Bearnaise. she had a lemon chicken. both were fantastic, i was actually surprised how good the steak was. Bearnaise sauce was not over powering. the greens on the lemon chicken were great and I'm not a big fan of greens. considering how busy it was the food came out pretty fast. the server was swamped with several large tables at once, she felt bad and brought us a free desert. we didn't mind to begin with since we are in the industry anyway. 
Definitely have been raving about this place to all my friends. i want to try it for lunch and hope the experience is the same
     I think the biggest surprise was the price. We had app, main course, bottle of wine and only came to 95$. had similiar meal at pallazzo and food was terrible and paid over 200The view was great outside overlooking Bellagio, food was good but we found that the service was a little slow.Our bill was about $150 for 2 people which I thought was very good for the view and the quality of food. 

We ordered the escargot and lemon shrimp for appetizer. The escargot was very good, the shrimp was a little under seasoned. For entrée we got the new york strip and frites and the fish of the day. Both were very good but the frites were a little too dry and crunchy for my taste. my Boyfriend got a side of mac and cheese, it was good but it was only mac and cheese. I don't think that  can really be messed up. For dessert we shared the bread pudding which was Amazing!!! We also shared a bottle of Pino Noir at a very decent price. We ate the night before at Prime for double the price for basically the same quality food and view. I highly recommend this place. I would have given it a 4 to 4 1/2 star but the view was amazing. 

Also you cannot reverse patio seating its first come first serve. Be early because it's very worth it. Don't worry they have heaters that keep you VERY warm. It was in the high 40's and I had no problem sitting out there with no jacket and a light shirt. 

Service was very good.Simply one of the best restaurants in the city. It's the whole package - great food, great service, great wine list, and an incredible view of the Bellagio lake The best dishes I've had here are the steak with pomme frittes, the duck liver pate, and the French onion soup. Last time I went, we sat inside and had a perfect view of the Strip and the dancing waters. It was the perfect way to spend an elegant evening in Vegas. 

One complaint (and the reason why this is a 4 rather than 5-star review): I went here once for lunch, and we asked to be seated outside so we could watch the water show. It was hot out, and half our table was directly in the sun. We asked if they could provide another umbrella, but our waiter did nothing, and my mother and I spent the meal baking. I wasn't able to enjoy my food because I felt so faint; I also ended up getting a sunburn. It ruined the experience for us. When you go to an upscale place like this, you shouldn't have to ask twice for a little shade. 

Aside from the bad lunch experience, I love Mon Ami and make it a point to go every time I'm in Las Vegas. Everyone should try it at least once - the prices are reasonable based on the quality and quantity of the food and, like I said, the view sweetens the pot (unless, of course, you're being cooked by the sun).Got a reservation for 815 pm on a Monday night for inside sitting since thats all you can reserve for. Patio is first come serve. I'm my opinion the hostesses  were a bit rude with people. The waiter was not so friendly neither, and forgot our hors d'oeuvre/ hor devours. Their bread and red onion mix is good. We tried the Filet Mignon Merlot (to die for) also the steak Classic and Bordelaise. Along with a ceasers salad. A meal for four came out for $140, reasonable I think for Vegas and Paris hotel. We would like to go back for brunch.i always come here once a year for the steak bordelaise n pomme frites!! Their fries is the only one i would eat.. they are so crispy n tasty.

escargot is good.. for adventurous foodie... n not for the faint hearted... or country bumpkin who's not open minded to try anything at least once.

the pate is good.. the roasted butternut squash soup is good...Mon Ami Gabi is a great choice for lunch or dinner on the Strip. The service is very good, and it's not as expensive as a lot of other places further up the Strip in the Venetian or Palazzo. In addition, the scene outside is unmatched, and being on the patio across from the Bellagio fountains is a romantic setting. Everything I've had here was well above average, the tomato salad, escargot, steak au poivre were good, but the frites and profiteroles were amazing.Mon Ami was recommended to me, and I am happy it was! 

Great location in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip. Love the decor and service is always great. Not to be outshined by the food. Each table is welcomed with a warm baguette. Me and my fiancé always order the goat cheese appetizer, the marinara and warm goat cheese are delicious together. 

I just love to sit outside and have a glass of wine and truly enjoy my day and whomever I'm at the restaurant with. 

This is a must for every trip to Las Vegas and is always on my list of restaurants I have to go to. 

Thank you Mon Ami!Solid brunch place, but fellas, make sure you dress read the dress code before coming in here! We had reservations to take our friend out for her birthday, and since it was still in the 100s during the summer, my fiance wore a tank top. There's a clear sign on the door that gentleman are not allowed to wear tank tops and we were crossing our fingers hoping that we wouldn't be kicked out. Luckily the hostess let us know that we could keep our reservation, he would just have to work an oversized tall and long white tee. In my opinion, he looked ridiculous in it and much more inappropriate, but at least we got in and had a good laugh. I don't think you can go wrong with anything you order here for brunch, whether its Eggs Benedict or French Toast or Croque Madame. I would recommend trying to make reservations through Open Table and eating outside on a nice summer morning.I love this restaurant, and I don't even eat steak!

Long before my dad worshiped the SW steakhouse, this is where we could come during our tri annual trips to Vegas. I have probably eaten here a dozen times, and everyone I have recommend it to, loves it.

Even though I don't order steak, I have tried it here, with the blue cheese reduction...yum.

Honestly, I could have the warm bread, butter and wine and probably be just fine. 

Everything we have ever ordered has been awesome, I had the chicken last time we were there and their version of mac and cheese. I'm pretty sure I scraped every ounce of cheese of that dish...

ENJOYThis was our favorite meal for our whole stay. We had a reservation and were seated within 5 minutes. The food was served quickly and was satisfying. We all got steak frites. AND the creme brulees are worth every sweet calorie.

My only complaint is that when we sat at the bar while waiting the bartender harshly said our 14 year old could not wait there. Where could he wait? This seems consistent in all restaurant locations and even at pool bars. If Vegas wants families, it has to figure out a way to accommodate them.This place will forever hold a special place in my heart, not only because my husband took me here the night he proposed, but also because their food is amazing. A lovely and romantic ambiance with staff who are always on their a game. You can't go wrong with mon ami gabi. I do suggest making reservations because they get packed. The classique steak is my favorite... A delicious steak at a very reasonable priceWe ended up here with a big group just by chance. The atmosphere was great the servers were great and the food was incredible. I had filet mignon with Merlot better and it was delightful. I will definitely be back to eat there again.LOVE IT!  Possibly one of my favotite lunch places on the strip!  Great location, great food, great service, and great for people watching!  Overall, always a fabulous experience when I dine here!The food and the service was excellent.

Had the skate wing which was cooked to perfection. And the hollandaise that it came with was just delish! 

My mum had the lemon salmon and my dad the ragout, and they were both very delighted about their meals. 

We were six people eating for 300USD including taxes and tips, which I found pretty fair considering the quality and the location.

The reason for not having five stars was the table we got which was put way too close into a corner so we felt kind of trapped.Fenomenal breakfast! Had a very relaxing morning with friends and enjoyed skinny pancakes which are crepes actually, steak and eggs were amazing as well. Their cappuccinos are delicious and you can upsize on those if u need a wake up call after fun night in Vegas!This has been on my list of restaurants to try for a VERY long time, and I finally got to eat there this past weekend.

So, first off, please, save the trouble and call ahead to make reservations, this place is very popular. 

I showed up with a party of 6 on a Saturday night. The hostesses were all very kind and accommodating even with 2 of our people running a little late. We luckily ended up getting a table outside with a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains.

Our server was absolutely fantastic and helpful, and most of the staff had that great level of professionalism you expect from a high end restaurant. Everyone at the table ordered different appetizers and they were phenomenal. I had the smoked salmon which was really incredible, I highly recommend it. 

The baked goat cheese appetizer was ginormous, as was the onion soup au gratin. 

Everyone loved their food. Seriously, their was a hush over the table as everyone savored their meals. I will say, I got the chicken paillard and was somewhat dissapointed in how dry the chicken was, so, I would not recommend that. The sauce and veggies it came with were good though. The trout amandine was delicious as well.

Overall, it was a wonderful experience, the food and ambiance are lovely, this place is excellent for a date night or an intimate outing with friends. GO! I can't wait to try their breakfast/brunch menu.I'm in love with this restaurant! Food is always outstanding and so is the service! 
Mussels Meunière is always delicious! Never have a complaint and I adore the macaroni Au gratin!! Super yummy and they even give you extra French bread to take home if you'd like to, so I always do and I bring home my mussels sauce that's left over and use that as a dip for my bread at work the next day. The steak frites are good but don't try to reheat them, they just aren't the same :(Great food and great service. I came here last for my stepmom's birthday and everyone was happy with their food. I ordered the french onion soup and a plate of seasonal veggies. I'd like to go again to try the fruit and cheese plate!Bon appetitie! Mostly a steakhouse with a french flair. Menu is anglo friendly enough and yes, they have escargot to make it authentic. Entrees are varied with non beef dishes nicely done as well. Service is complete and polite, dining room is only slightly buzzy with chatter at your own table very easy and without intrusive noise from afar. Decor is rich and ambiance is strong. Prices are par for Vegas, good value compared to nonVegas venues, but no ten dollar steaks either. My salad was fresh, portions were good, food well prepared. One small gripe, the excellent baguettes are delivered with only a spreading knife to cut cut them. It's both comical and aggrevating to see the thrashing and hammering efforts that go on at each table to piece out the loaf with a totally ineffective knife. Pinching off pieces was the best fallback. Nice outdoor seating complements to comfortable dining room. Very worth of a future visit.I've never written reviews before but I had to for my AMAZING experience at Mon Ami Gabi. We had a reservation for 7:45 but upon arriving we requested to wait for a table outside on the patio. At the prime time for dinner on a Saturday during one of the busiest weekends in Vegas (EDC weekend) we only had to wait 15 minutes and it was definitely worth it!! We were able to watch the water show at the Bellagio all throughout our meal. 

Our server's name was Billy and he was so fun and great- a big reason why I had to write a review in hopes of him seeing it!! We started off with an order of the Jumbo Lump Crabcakes and Escargot. Best Crabcakes we've ever had. The Escargot sauce was delicious- we kept dipping our complimentary bread in it! 

For our meals, I had the Hanger Steak and my boyfriend had the New York Strip, both with fries and Merlot sauce. We ate every last bit despite how full we were! We were celebrating my 21st birthday and to say dinner there made my day is an understatement!I was here July 5th. The chocolate chip and bacon waffle was so good I am trying to find a substitute here in Los Angeles. 
The patio overlooks the strip and is great for observing the activity on the street. Our waiter was very nice.Excellent view of Bellagio fountains from outside seating.  Terrific food.  Reasonably priced.  Steak and salmon were excellent.  Try the escargot, it was very good.Tip: reserve online to avoid the line up!! You cannot reserve patio seats but you can reserve a table close to the window :).

I come here every time I visit Vegas. I have tried both their lunch and dinner and am happy to say that I will come back again!

Reasonably priced and amazing food.Always delicious.  This is my 8th or 9th time at this restaurant.  It is one of my go to places in Vegas.  I go here with friends but also with clients.  Here are some of the highlights.

1) Great service
2) Good and consistent food quality
3) Ambiance is great but keep in mind it is a cafe setting so it is a bit noisy
4) Reasonable pricing for Vegas center strip location
5) Beverage cost not blow up.  Very nice bottle of wine for $80 (VERY REASONABLE)
6) Fountain show at the Bellagio

Highly recommend.On a recommendation of a friend, and good reviews on Yelp, I decided we had to check this place out. Weeks in advance, I set a reservation through Open Table for 7:30 on a Tuesday night. 

Dress code here is mostly lenient--no sleeveless shirts for the gentlemen and no swimwear for the ladies--chances aren't likely that you'll run into anyone from the Jersey Shore here. 

But it is a popular place. There are two lines at the entrance. We arrived a few minutes early but stood in line anyway because it looked like it would be several minutes of waiting. And it was.  One line was for those with reservations and one line was for those without. I overheard someone in the "without reservations" line say there would be an hour wait for a table outside. When we got to the front, we let them know our name and reservation time and were seated immediately at a little table for two inside but facing the Fountains of Bellagio. 

We were brought a loaf of delicious fresh, warm bread and split an order of escargot de Bourgogne for $11. My husband says the bread was probably the best he'd ever had and we cleaned the escargot dish to save the dishwasher some extra work.  

My husband ordered the trout amandine, a recommendation of the hostess that seated us.  It was a huge filet of trout prepared with a lemony dressing--light and healthy but full of flavor and a large enough serving for even my hungrier half to be content. 

I had the filet mignon with the merlot butter. It was prepared beautifully...exactly as I ordered and just the perfect flavor. 

Based on the food alone, we would absolutely return to Mon Ami Gabi.  Everything was delicious and our dinner was so reasonably priced, we were a bit surprised--$76 for an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert in a restaurant with a view on the strip. Say what?! 

It's a bit noisy in there but that seems to be par for the course in Vegas. We keep trying to find nice romantic restaurants and it seems the party environment that Vegas is doesn't seem to allow for it...knowing that in advance, I'd still return to Mon Ami Gabi again.May 25, 2016 -- A return visit to Las Vegas and of course a return visit to Mon Ami Gabi.  Reikki Gal wanted to watch the dancing waters at the Bellagio across street so we sat at the outside café.  Dimitris was our server and did a terrific job.  We ordered a bottle of Chardonnay wine, the house made pate and the duck special (orange sauce) all delicious.  The 'house' treated to an amuse de bouche of carrots with shallot and champagne vinegar dressing which was delightful.

We shared a light dinner but there was plenty to eat and very enjoyable.  My wife is a nurse and quite the humanitarian.  A homeless person came by.  We had leftover duck, potato au gratin and French bread which she gave him, he was greatly appreciative and gobbled it down...best gourmet meal of his life we guessed and only meal he had that day!

The quality of the food is amazing and the service is flawless. There was a couple from Paris, France that were sitting next to us.  They were equally pleased.  We will go  back for breakfast before  returning home!Just went this weekend.
Made a reservation  for 5 through open table.
The food was good.
I had the escargots which were okay.... and the french onion soup , this one... delicious but a little bit too big?:)
My friends had the chicken and the filet au proive... the french fries were really good.
What I like the most was the ambiance, and the location.  We got a table close to the outside, it wasn't cold nor too warm.
The best thing was their wine list.  We had 5 different glasses.  I had a sauvignon blanc and my hubby the pinot.... it was really good.
I love escargot but it was a big disappointment, it was tender but the flavors were just okay.
Will go back again. Make sure you reserve before you go.... if not you will be waiting and waiting...:)Love the salmon entree great steaks too ! Its a nice place to bring out of state guest to watch the water show...Had a very nice experience- great food, service, and atmosphere. Good from beginning to end. Thank you!Amazing!  Nice patio on the strip, great good and service.  It's very pricey for events, but well worth it for brunch and dinner. I highly recommend it.Location! Location! Location!

Stopped by for breakfast at 7:45 AM on a Sunday and although we had a reservation through Open Table, we likely didn't need one at that time.

Our son had the waffles, my wife had Crepes, and I had the smoke salmon plate. 

The food was fresh, high quality, and looked great. The taste was above average.

The main reason you'd eat here is for the LOCATION on the strip. Plenty of people watching and you're right in front of the Bellagio Fountains. It also gives you a break from the buffets. 

Although the place is casual, men can't wear tank tops or sleeveless shirts. No problem -- they gave me a plain white shirt (which look far worse in my opinion).

Overall, A MUST to eat at this place when in Vegas!One of the best breakfast places in Vegas. Fancy place that offers outdoor seating under umbrellas and great prices for lunch/brunch.  Everything is good quality food with excellent taste!  I loved the croissant sandwich, delicious. You won't leave here unhappy.If I could give Mon Ami Gabi ten stars here, I would. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. We chose them as the venue for our wedding reception. We booked the Private Dining Room, which can hold up to 30 people (though I would cap it at 24 as they suggest).  Here are the reasons we rate Mon Ami so highly:

- Impeccable customer service from management - We worked with Drew to arrange our reception and Chris oversaw our event on the actual night of our wedding. From seating plan, to food allergy accommodations to media (LCD projector and screen) to every other detail...they worked with us and were proactive to make sure we did not have to change any of our desired reception plans.  They fully accommodated us with all the friendliness and sincerity that we have a good wedding.

- Impeccable customer service from the wait staff - Elizabeth and Jonathan were the servers assigned to our reception of 22 people. Mon Ami Gabi also assigned a busser. You could tell the staff enjoyed their work. They were so pleasant and fun. They met and on so many occasions surpassed our every need during our wedding reception.  For example, they cut and boxed slices of wedding cake for our guests to take back to their rooms and even helped us pack items that came home with us. It was just so easy to work with them and a real pleasure. We tipped them far above the mandatory 20% gratuity.

- Phenomenal food. Large portions. Our guests raved.

- Beautiful views from the Private Dining Room.

- Audio control. Music filters throughout the restaurant, but the staff was able to turn down the speakers directly above our room.

With 22 guests and the staff circulating and a screen set up, the room was a bit cramped. Also, the room was warm and unfortunately, the casino regulates the temperature not Mon Ami Gabi, But was still had the perfect reception.  I have no regrets, just so happy with the experience Mon Ami Gabi provided for our wedding.Amazing!!!!!! I'm a pretty hard person to please when it comes to steak and this was by far the BEST steak I have ever had!!!! The waiter and other staff was extremely friendly and the perfect amount of attentive!! The ambiance was really great with candles at the tables and dimmed lights. The steak was served with fritas, which I had never had and let me tell you were ahhhhhmazing. Everything about this place is five star and above the top.
We also went back for breakfast on the patio the next morning. It had a great view and once again didn't disappoint at all!!! Would highly recommend going here it's truly an amazing experience.Absolutely love this place.  Flew in on a Friday afternoon and went in for a late lunch/early dinner right after check-in.  Had great seating on the patio with amazing people watching.  Had the Trout Almondine which was delicious.  We also shared an escargot appetizer that was amazing with their great loaf(s) of bread.  Wonderful list of French wines to go with it all.  We plan to eat here every time we visit Vegas!Our favorite place to celebrate anniversary...etc. great food and service and love to sit outside and people watch plus the Bellagio Fountains.The food and the service were very good, however I can't give it a 5 star rating because even though we had a reservation, we had to "check-in" in advanced. That's not all, checking-in took around 30 min because the line was very long. What's the point of doing that when you already have a reservation!?!?! Anyway, other than that, everything was a delightful experience. Very recommendable.We have been here several times.  Being that I am gluten free, we jump at the chance to try a restaurant that has a GF menu.  

With a great view of the Las Vegas Strip, you have a great atmosphere.  

I was pleasantly surprised to see they brought me GF bread to munch on before my meal arrived.  I love the Vegetable Farcis (GF menu) and my husband loves the Salmon entree (also on the GF menu, but he is not GF).  

For a taste of a little french flair, be sure to try this eatery.Went for breakfast because a few websites recommended their gluten-free toast.

Well the toast didn't blow me away, but the egg/bacon combo and the fruit side was quite well made and I'd go back.

So skip the ridiculous lines around the corner for the breakfast buffet - go here instead.

And if you order the fruit bouquet, be aware that is is about 75% cantaloupe.
It had a good mint syrup for you to dip your fruit into but to be frank, the dish seemed a little lazy.Our waitress Tracy (?) was such a sweetheart. She was very knowledgable of what the specials were and recommended us a few. We ended up getting what she recommended: today's special eggs benedict and big skinny pancakes with fruits and lemon butter. I ordered the available steak frites (not breakfast). All were very good (my steak and frites was a bit salty).

IT IS A MUST TO MAKE A RESERVATION. You can just go and get yourself a buzzer, but if you have time, just make a reservation. They ready the seats for you anyways (patio or inside you decide). 

I only tried breakfast here, and I think the big skinny pancakes are delicious! I must come back for lunch and dinner.Great location!  We had breakfast here two times during our weekend in Vegas. I eat gluten free and the gluten free french toast is AWESOME! Seriously good. It's a wet french toast, with fresh whip cream and fresh fruit. REALLY GOOD!  Location is great right on the strip. You will have to wait for an outside table but we sat in the atrium which was open and sunny with a view of the action on the strip. Service was a bit slow but I would say both our waiters were experienced and professional. We watched the one deal with a difficult customer very well. I was about to tell the customer to take a hike but the waiter remained friendly with the jerk.  My wife had the waffles one day which she did not love. Had the french toast (non GF) the next day and she loved it.  Bread is definitely their specialty!  The breakfast menu was not huge but was quite broad.  Overall solid 4 stars and we will be back!Always a favorite while in Vegas (which is often).  We had the escargot, french onion soup , bread, frise salad and a nice bottle of wine.  We wanted to order a few other things, but it was late, I was tired and we had reservations at a steakhouse the next night, so no steak frites this time (which are great here!)  Look forward to coming back next time, mon ami!By far the best meal I had while in Vegas. The patio looks over the belagio fountains  so you're guaranteed dinner with a show! The service is top notch, the bread is beyond delicious and the steaks are perfectly prepared. 

We started with the baked goat cheese which was served with more of that fantastic bread, yum! For my entree, I went with the signature steak frites with the béarnaise sauce. The steak was a perfect medium rare despite being quite thin (by design, of course). The frites are like the shape (ish) of fries with the texture chips, I found them to be the perfect accompaniment to the steak. If you're in Vegas, do be sure to give Mon Ami Gabi try!Nice atmosphere, we come here ever time we are in Vegas.  Dishes are a little pricy but food quality is good.  We always order their salmon dish, prepared nicely.This little slice of heaven on the strip is amazing .. I sat at the bar in the front of the house and alex the bartender was very polite.. So I ordered the salmon at first .. Which was delicious so as promised ... Also I had an order of escargot as well .. Which only second time enjoying snail .. Out of this world!! Dip the bread In... You'll know what I'm talking about ;) .. Over all .. A wonderful experience and evening .. Thank youWe receive great service from greeter to waiter to server.  I had a Madame omelet with over easy egg on top.   My husband had French Onion soup.

Bloody Mary's were not too spicy.  I really like them.  I like spicy food normally.Lovely place for a breakfast.. The view of the bellagio from the terrace is spectacular! Very helpful staffI hosted my friend's bridal shower brunch here and had such an amazing experience!  We had a party of 13, and were seated in the best part of the restaurant (the back room by the patio...tons of sunshine and warm on cold day).  We were also out of the way of heavy traffic.

Although the restaurant was packed due to Memorial Day weekend, our server was so amazing.  Yes, they forgot to bring syrup with the waffles and extra berries with the crepes, but the food was outstanding and they responded quickly to our needs.

The breakfast menu was large with many different types of options.  They definitely had something for everyone.  I had the crab cake benedict ($16) and my eggs were perfectly poached.  My friends loved both the savory and sweet crepes and everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered. 

I would definitely recommend making reservations.  We finished up around 12 noon and there was a long line on our way out.  We made our reservation 2 months in advance (due to the large party/holiday weekend), and when I tried to make a small change two weeks before, they were unable to accommodate, but we still had a great time!only way it could be better is if it were actually in Paris.  I'm such a fan and it's the simple foods that show how they get it right.  Like their mussels and pommes frites.This place was delicious and you can sit right on the strip. The food and service was excellent. I definitely recommend the French onion soup and their quiche was fantastic very light and fluffy. All in all it can be a bit pricey but a fun experience.My friend celebrated dinner here for her bachelorette party. This was my first time here. I have to say this restaurant has impressed me. The ambiance was cozy and romantic. The energy was great. We sat inside but  they also have patio seating. Servers were exceptionally nice and prices are reasonable.

They served complimentary bread with butter and beets. It was so fresh and delicious. For my entree, I ordered the  hanger steak and it was by far the BEST STEAK I ever had. It was so mouth watering. The steak was juicy and tender with lots of flavor. The frittes was so crispy and delicious.

I am marking this place as a go to spot every time I'm in Vegas. I am definitely taking the BF here. I know he would love it too.

Can't wait to try other items from their menu.Visited feb 1 2013 during a work convention. Reservations are a must and they won't seat you unless your entire party is there. (There were 7 of us). Street seating is much more interesting.. Lots of good people watching. Service was excellent food was so so and French Martinis were excellent. I would definitely return and try another dish., the scallops were cooked ok but not much flavor.Everytime I arrive in Vegas I eat here.  The food is great. The prices are decent.  The atmosphere on the strip is unbelievable.Went for breakfast yesterday. Great ambience and service. I got the turkey and egg white omelette and it was delicious! The avocado tomato topping complimented the dish perfect. The toast was fresh, soft and warm just the way I love it! Ohhhh and the hash browns. The best I've had!! Buttery but still so delicious. A great place to refuel at :)OH EM GE!!! No wait for brunch at this place on a Sunday made me super happy especially since I was pretty hungry and ready for some coffee. We were given the option to decide if we wanted outdoor or indoor seating. We opted for outdoor being that it was a beautiful morning after a rainy weekend in Las Vegas. Mon Ami Gabi is located inside the Paris Resort and Casino. 

We were seated by the edge of the patio with view to the Bellagio fountain. Our waitress came over and introduced herself. She also gave us a few recommendations being that it was our first time and specials that were not on the menu. Before I knew it I had my cup of coffee in front of me and was watching one of the few fountain shows from across the street. 

I ordered the french toast. I noticed that it said it was served with blueberries and warm blueberry syrup, topped with whipped cream.. well I was a bit scared. I am not a fan of blueberries being that I was always fooled as a child (blueberry pancakes are NOT the same as chocolate chips, mom!) I decided to go for it and face my fears especially since I knew already that it was going to be full of blueberries. Lemme tell you this, it was the most perfect french toast ever that I have had in a very long time. The sweetness was done to perfection, the blueberries themselves were perfect, everything about this meal was just magical and out of this world. The french toast was cooked just right. It makes me want to cry of happiness. I could eat this all day, errday and be a happy person forever! I would HIGHLY recommend this dish. I would skip out on waiting for the buffet line any day for this dish here in Vegas. Yes, yes I am in love with this french toast. 

It was a pleasant experience and it became one of my favorite places to be at. The atmosphere, super good food and the great view made me feel like I was not in sin city. 

They also serve lunch and dinner. I would love to come back and have a glass of wine and also try out their Steak Bordelaise, Steak Au Poivre, Creme Brulee, Duck Confit & Fingerling Potato and their Escargots De Bourgogne cause sure whyyyy not.. I love this place!!I used to live a few blocks from the original Mon Ami Gabi on Lincoln Park West in Chicago, but I never went, only because it looked overly expensive.  However, leave it to me to dine there for the first time in Vegas.  The prices are actually very reasonable.  I had the french onion soup to start, which is almost a meal in itself.  I recommend it.  I had the steak au poivre with brandy peppercorn sauce which was decent but if I go back, I'll have to try the filet mignon with merlot butter, which is supposed to be their signature steak.  The sides were good, I recommend the garlic spinach.  They also have a pretty expansive wine list, which is a must for a french steakhouse.  The only downside was that they were out of a lot of dishes, including the dessert that we wanted!  We had an 8:15 reservation, so they shouldn't be running out of things that early on.I was waiting for a friend and stopped by for lunch here. Had to wait 40min for an outdoor table but totally worth it to see the bellagio fountains across the street, had the lobster roll on brioche bun, it was the best one I've ever had. Very reasonable drinks and lunch for myself was around $30SIMPLY INCREDIBLE!!' First time here and not a SINGLE thing to diss about~ excellent menu!, excellent server! No names used only numbers ours was #71. He joined in on our reverie~ we had an excellent table on the rim of the patio. Actually could see the dancing waters across the street. A nice little extra bonus~the food!!! Yes! I am gonna say it again EXCELLENT !! We 3 had  steaks, each a different way. Merlot sauce, maiter'd butter & bernaise just sooo good. Had a great cocktail a "French Romance!" The price point is wonderful! I live here and can't wait to go back!!!As close to Paris as you can get while still on US soil. Simply delightful, all the way around - from the lovely view of the strip to the damn delicious food.

It became a trend for me to order multiple items off the menu when we had breakfast, so I could sample each one (probably should have stuck to buffets, since I'm so indecisive). 

I had the croissant sandwich and blueberry french toasts, and ate bits of both. I was in breakfast heaven. Seriously, I couldn't have asked for a better meal! I'll definitely be back on future trips.I've been wanting to check out Mon Ami Gabi for years but somehow my plans have always been spoiled thanks to a Mr. Vodka Hangover.  This time, I wasn't going to let a night of rage or throbbing headache stop me.

Probably would've enjoyed the food and ambiance a lot more if I wasn't so ridiculously tired.  The table was dead silent as everyone attempted to keep their composure and heads up.  

Ordered: 
- Chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe: Delicious!!  If my stomach wasn't at odds with me, I would have finished every bit of it.  
- Side of fruit: I was hoping for a small bowl of fresh whole fruit but instead got a fancy diet saucer filled with cut up soggy fruit.  They could have skipped steps "cut" and "drench in fruit slime." 

The baguette served as a nibbler comes out in a long, warm roll.  Crumbly, soft, chewy, and fresh!

No swimwear.  Probably a good idea to make reservations on busy days like Saturday.  Service was casual but my water glass was always filled.  I look forward to coming back...sober!Service was excellent.  Quiche was delicious.  Pomme frites are the best I've ever eaten.   Loved the atmosphere and location.  Would highly recommend when visiting Las Vegas!The lighting, the decor, the Bellagio fountains dancing across the way... This place has all the ingredients for a quaint romantic dinner, except that it sounds like a convention hall due to all the people talking. Nonetheless, I love the sophisticated ambience and atmosphere of this place. The food is fresh, deliciously prepared, and won't break the bank. I've had the best swordfish I ever tasted here and cleaned off my plate with the same fervor that my dog chews her bones. On top of that, the wait staff is attentive and friendly. This is one of my favorite places to go grab a bite in Vegas.Excellent fine dining restaurant located in the lobby of the Paris hotel. With superb food and great service, I highly recommend it. I tried their beef dip with fries and was not disappointed. i should have tried their famous steak special as I later found out it was to die for. The restaurant is usually busy and conveniently located across from the Bellagio hotel, where you might just catch the water fountain show in front of the hotel. I certainly look forward to returning to this gem of a place.This is a wonderful restaurant... part of the "Lettuce Entertain You" group. The "cafe" on the strip is directly across form the Bellagio Fountains so the view is amazing... there is both inside and patio dining and a small bar. The bread is warm in a paper sleeve... Yum.... and the food is fantastic. The entree salads are really nice too. Love it...I love this restaurant.  I love it so much that I had my wedding reception here!  This places is full of Parisian flair, from the decor, to the servers, the wines and of course the food.   You must try the Filet Mignon in bordelaise red wine reduction sauce. The escargot is just out of this world.  The wines are all french so of course I had no idea what I was drinking but who cares.  I like anything with Le or Les in front of it. Outside seating is very hard to come by but I don't care for outside seating much because I hate to watch drunks pass out as I'm about to eat my food.  The indoor dining area is romantic, cozy and you forget you're in the middle of the las vegas strip with people gambling all their pennies or millions away.  The dark mahagony furniture, red velvet drapes and crisp table linen sets the mood for a delightful evening.  At night though, the view of the Bellagio water show is to die for.  Just gorgeous.  The service is worth mentioning.  They're impeccably attired and all have some sort of french accent (fake I know but I just love it).  They're attentive without being intrusive.  I love this place!We were walking along the street and it was a beautiful Spring day in Vegas. Passed by this place and reminded me of summertime in Paris. We stopped here for lunch and wow, I felt transported back to Europe! The menu contained very authentic french cafe-type of food. We ordered the escargot to share and each got a crepe. I like my seafood crepe although it was a bit on the heavier side and it was a bit too creamy...and my friend's ham and cheese crepe was a bit too salty in my opinion. Nevertheless, the atmosphere was really relaxing and nice. I would definitely return here!Ate here a couple of nights ago.  I got a steak, it was good, but a little expensive for what I got.  And I got the whipped cauliflower as my side, again it was good.  A good atmosphere, a bit busy and loud for me but it is in a casino on the strip.  I would definitely recommend this place.Best place for breakfast.  Not sure about lunch and dinner (since I was out and about during day).  Get the thick cut bacon (date glazed)...it is delicious (or FD for diehards).

Sit outside if available.  Great view of strip and for people watching.  Right across from the Bellagio.   Great service!   Feels like a little bit of Paris in Las Vegas.YES. YUM.

eff all that 'authentic' jazz. I don't particularly care if my bowl of Gazpacho is not traditionally French, it was DEE-LISH. As were my mussels, the steak frites, and the scallops. 

VERY well priced for the Strip; a classy little eatery. Total win, both for service and food. I could eat here for days. Yes, days.One of my favorite places to eat on the strip! Being a local, you don't want to pay high prices and at Mon Ami Gabi you definitely get the bang for your buck. I am a steak and potatoes girl. Steak is phenomenal and although the entrees do not come with potatoes, the frites are equally as tasty. The sangria is a must try for everyone!

Try to sit on the patio or in the back room to enjoy a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains while you dine!I love Mon Ami Gabi. I love everything about this place- the food, the service, the ambiance. I went for breakfast while I was in Vegas and it was so good I went for lunch the next day.

For breakfast I ordered the banana foster waffle and the others at my table ordered the salmon eggs benedict and the chicken, brie, and apple crepe. I really liked my waffles. Most waffles I order are soggy, but these were very crispy on the outside. It was topped by great, tasty bananas and the foster sauce. They also give you a blackberry jam and whipped cream. Those go great with the waffles. I tried the eggs benedict and liked it, even thoug I dont like eggs or salmon. It was very flavorful and tasted great. The crepe was good, but not great. I felt the chicken was a little dry, but with the brie and the apples, it was tasty. 

For lunch I started with the hancut gaufrette potato chips and I loved it. The chips were crispy and the blue cheese dip was rich and creamy. I also ordered the steak frites classique, which came with a maitre d'hotel butter. This dish was great.  Because the waiter said that the steaks were thin, I ordered my medium rare, which was a great decision. The steak was super tender and very savory. When you melt the butter on top of the steak, it combines with the juices to create a flavorful sauce to eat with the steak. The frites were great, too. They were crispy and had the right amount of saltiness. I cleaned my whole plate because it tasted so good. 

I sat on the patio both times because the restaurant was not too crowded. It had a great view of the Bellagio. Unfortunately, I didnt get to see the water show. I would definitely reccomend the patio.

Overall, Mon Ami Gabi was one of my best meals in Vegas. I loved everything about it and I would definetly be back.Recently I went through a few old boxes in preparation for my upcoming move towards the northern region. I stumbled upon an old 2002 Sprint PDA I had, that was way ahead of it's time. It took video. On this phone and a few other phones, I found amazing footage of this special restaurant, and the very special night it holds dear to my heart. 
Mon Ami Gabbi was the restaurant my fiance and I celebrated our recent engagement in on 11.22.2002. The food was amazing, and as usual, Bear planned the entire thing ahead of time, so that the evening was perfect. 
Sitting on the patio you gain the complete view advantage of the Bellagio Water Fountain show. It's Romance...pure romance... and I'd love to share the video of the restaurant and the view from the patio, right here:

http://youtu.be/cSOe7XZzoic

On this special evening in 2002, the night was cooler and the food we ordered was geared toward warming us up a little bit.  He ordered the french onion soup as well as a few main entree's - and let me tell you...I've yet seen a french onion soup so mastered.  Oozing and bubbling with cheese and a rich broth, he was one happy Bear. 

One of the best weeks and memories of my life, was during this time and I wanted to share it with those who might be looking for a romantic place to bring your girl. It's as if you are having a dinner and a show all in one, but without the cost of a show.Husband and I shared the Prime Rib because it was HUGE and awesomely good!  We loved the atmosphere and the waitstaff was great!Service is wonderful. Can't say enough about our dinner.  Escargots and Oysters were great..Trout Almondine with mashed potatoes- yum. Bit of a problem with a strip steak that was grizzly...but our server brought a filet licktky split and wow- very impressed!
Watch the Bellagio water show and head over for a wonderful dinner.Delicious and well priced for the quality of the food and the service. It does get VERY busy so make reservations ahead of time and if you're looking for the special call ahead and reserve it or else you run the risk of them selling out.

It isn't upscale in dress but it doesn't hurt and PLEASE try their mac & cheese - SO GOOD.Mon Ami Gabi is a quaint French restaurant, located in Paris Resort and Casino. It was a bit far from the center of the strip ~10 minutes walking. The decorum of the restaurant was very cute and resembles a modern cafe in France. Casual and delicious! 

Service was OK in that there seemed to be no designated waiter per table so you had to flag one down to ask for the check. However, they did refill our glasses multiple times, so I can't complain. Bottled or sparkling water are complimentary. 

I recommend coming for brunch, which is only offered on weekends. Their lunch menu is very limiting but it is still possible to pick out some interesting and tasty dishes. If you have never had escargot, I would recommend trying it at Mon Ami Gabi because it is not as slimy (which may seem revolting).

I came here on weekday afternoon. We started with the Escargots de Bourgogne which is oven roasted snails cooked in garlic herb butter. I believe this is true, butter makes EVERYTHING tastes good. ;) I like escargot and this dish made me like it more. If I had a larger group and a bigger appetite, I would have tried more dishes from their Hors D'Oeuvres because it truly gives you a taste of authentic french cuisine. I would recommend Country Style Pâté, Chicken Liver Mousse, Sea Scallops Gratinées  and Oysters Du Jour if you're feeling adventurous.

For lunch, their offerings are predominantly, sandwiches, crepes, salads and steak frites (which is essentially steak with thinly cut fries).
For brunch, I have heard good things about their french toast, pancakes, crepes and eggs benedicts. 

The two of us ordered the Croque Madame and Seafood Crepe for entrees. Croque Madame was fine but the seafood crepe was show-stopper. First of all, the crepe was buttery and thin, strewn over with a béchamel cream sauce. The shrimps and scallops were fresh, tender and sweet. And the combination of textures and flavors satiated my palate. Definitely recommended!

Overall, I enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi and will come back next time for their brunch. Our check came out for ~$17 pp, which was reasonable compared to how much we ate. Also, they provide complimentary, fresh-baked french baguettes. Love!My first time at a French steakhouse. The filet with merlot butter was amazing! Melts in your mouth. The service was great and the ambiance was nice. I am used to paying a big price for a nice meal in California so I was surprised to see the menu prices here. $32 for and 8 oz filet. Most of their items were around $20-$25 and the quality was above my expectations.I went here with my boyfriend for a quick brunch the first day we arrived.

He had the steak sandwich special and j had the croque monsier. 

You get a French baguette also. The food was absolutely wonderful! The service was excellent and the ambiance is nice!This is a must for anyone looking for a restaurant on the strip that has good people-watching. Outdoor seating on the patio that overlooks the fountains of the Bellagio. Excellent food. Great wine menu.First time for dinner (previously had salad for lunch)...I am sold. Amazing meal and quality of service. Try the goat cheese (and tomato dipping sauce) and scallops. French 75 cocktail if you like Bellinis and Paris Romance if you like Kool Aid :).This is my second favorite steakhouse in town, sorry but it's true. But if you really have a hankering for steak and don't want to throw down 100 for steak and another 100 for your sommelier then check this place out. The bartender was very knowledgeable, I had a cote de Rhone. The food came out super quick which made me slightly worried that my filet would be undercooked. But far from it. It was the PERFECT medium rare, pink in middle and warm. They were very attentive and I was able to get in quickly even on New Year's Eve weekend without a reservation. I will definitely be returning here.Never had a bad meal here. It's right across the street from the Bellagio so you can watch the amazing water show while enjoying your lunch or dinner! That alone gives it five stars in my book.

Their cocktails are all perfect. Really, everything made just as it should be. Not tampered with in a poor attempt to set themselves apart. Mon Ami Gabi has confidence in the actual excellence of their food and service, and deservedly so- they don't need gimmicks to get rave reviews.

I love to start with a french 75 and have a grilled salmon and spinach salad with a bottle of white to begin a top notch Vegas night. 

But truthfully there is nothing on the menu that is not fantastic. Yes, I tend to order the same thing every time I go to my favorite places- my favorite places have my favorite meals and I don't like to mess with that. But, my husband couldn't disagree more so  always get to try a few bites of what he gets and it's something new every time- they are all good. The chicken, the steak- you name it.  

So don't worry about what you will order! When you get to Vegas just come here for dinner, order whatever catches your eye, and sit back and enjoy Las Vegas because this is the very best of it. :-)Love it! I ended up getting their salmon dish although one of the reviews said it was dry. However, the salmon was excellent and cooked just right!This is my first time here.  I ordered the salmon, spinach, and kale salad.  The salmon was cooked perfectly!  It was a very generous serving.  I had requested orange slices on the side and they gave them to me as requested!  I'd definitely love to come back here the next time I am in Vegas.  The service was excellent as well.My husband had the eggs Benedict and it was very good. I had a ham and cheese omelet. It was ok but seemed a little on the dry side. Maybe more cheese would have helped. 

The ambiance is very pretty and relaxing and if it were a little warmer we would have sat on the patio to take in the sights of the strip.Such a romantic restaurant.....get outside seating if available. We are able to watch Bellagio's waterdance show from our table. I prefer only coming here for breakfast and thats the only thing I can review on. Service is average and food is enjoyable. Those lemon pancakes.....yumms!My wife and I were in Vegas for our honeymoon and stayed at Bellagio.  We had dinner at Mon Ami on a whim our second night and it was fantastic!

The baked cheese appetizer is a must-have, and we really liked the steak frites.  I had the one with Bearnaise sauce and loved it, my wife had the blue cheese and it was great too.

We didn't think breakfast was as good as dinner - the food was good but spendy.  Still, compared to restaurants in the vicinity it was still a value.  It seems like everything's expensive near Bellagio.

It's not cheap - for dinner we had a carafe of their Frangria (think sangria), the baked cheese appetizer, and two steaks.  We were out the door with a good tip for just over $100.  Enjoy!Ok. So here's the run down. Came here for a somewhat early dinner with my girlfriend. We didn't have reservation or anything so we knew we might have to wait awhile for a table. But to our luck we were sat right away. That was a big plus to me.

As for the eatery, now this place is not really over priced by any means. Especially for the type of cuisine (French) and it being right on the strip. So That was another HUGE plus. 

I ordered the steak tartare. This was the lonely place I have ever seen it on the menu for a entree. It was a 8oz filet mignon. Completely the best tartare I have every had, and I have been around the block few time with this dish. French food being my favorite.

The wine list could use some work. I would love to give it a 5 stars but this being the reason I cannot. Otherwise I will be returning for more, which I rarely do, why eat at the same places when the world is full of new/different/exciting things!My gfs and I had brunch here and it was perfection. It was freezing outside, but the heaters on the patio were placed in a way that allowed us to eat comfortably and warmly outside. I ordered the carrot soup and shared a sandwich plate. Everything was seriously so delicious and generous in portions. Even the prices were extremely reasonable which was the biggest surprise of all. Our waiter was so nice and attentive. Since I've shied away from buffets when I go to Vegas, it's been difficult to find places that have decent food and doesn't cost a fortune. This place will be one of my new go-to spots when I'm in Vegas.I have went to Vegas and passed this place so many times and I ask my self why?? It is prime location and it is affortable and was/is the BEST meal I have ever have. 

Oh my god I was going to get the fish but I am so glad I didn't because the steak was to die for even if you not a steak fan WOW. And you have to have the french fries so good. I wish you could order a plate of food online. I went on my birthday and it was perfect!One of the best restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining at. Easily the best restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas! Notwithstanding Gordon Ramsay Steak, and perhaps The Bacchanal at Caesars Palace but that's a buffet and in a different league altogether. (I'll save that for another review) Not to mention these are really very reasonable prices on the Strip.

We came for breakfast, rather early at 7am, since we were up at 5am due to the most horrendous jet-lag having traveled all the way from Minneapolis. Coffee and provisions were desperately needed. We got seated on the patio by request, with a view overlooking the Strip and the Bellagio. I was on my summer vacation and ready to enjoy myself thoroughly. My Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict was spot on. Rich hollandaise sauce covered the English muffins and it was truly a remarkable experience. I am a huge fan of the coffee. (Intelligentsia coffee, I believe) It was rich, strong and flavorful. It revived us perfectly. We also shared their Blueberry Pineapple Crepes, special of the day. Came with a little boat of freshly whipped cream. They were light, sweet and scrumptious. Good for sharing. 

For an impromptu, spur of the moment breakfast idea, this place was a 10 out of 10. Service was exemplary, waters were promptly refilled, and the restrooms are located out of the restaurant and inside the Paris casino. The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous and very French, in keeping with the theme of the hotel. They have nightly dinner specials. I think I saw Beef Wellington on the Sunday menu. In case you wanted to give that a try instead of Gordon's Beef Welly across the slot machines. His food is pretty spectacular too though, so have a go at it. Every time we go to Vegas, we'll make Mon Ami Gabi a regular breakfast spot.I haven't been here in while, but the sauteed mushrooms were so good I cannot forget them.  Makes my mouth water just thinking about them!Outside seating is first come, first serve. Delicious french bistro food. Consistent.The wait was crazy especially on the weekend.
The thin lemon crepe with berries was heavenly.  It was crunchy, sweet and full of favor.  I loved it so much that I had to come back for more.  However when I had it again the next time, I don't know if its me or the crepe didn't taste like it was the first Time.  My hubby liked their baguette, but it was only served at lunch time.
We love to seat outside for people watching.  It was actually the best way to look and realize that Vegas is a truly vibrant city full of colors and characteristics.
I would recommend this place to both locals and visitors.We had a great departing lunch at Mon Ami Gabi this last Sunday. Mon Ami is one of my faves in town for lunch.  Not so much at night, but almost always for lunch. I love to sit in the atrium and people watch.

We ate and drank some truly fine French bistro food.

T and I started with a dozen oysters. The waistress said they were most like Fanny Bays, but I thought these were smaller and sweeter.  Delish. Lots of lemon, mignonette with tons of shallots and fresh grated horseradish.

D started with the frisee au lardon (frisee and bacon salad here in the US where they are probably afraid of the word lardons.)  Because I had this for my entree I can comment upon it. It was delicious. Poached egg, slightly warm frisee, lots of chunks of bacon. Light vinaigrette.  V good.

For an entree C had the Croque Monsieur, which was a little unorthodix because it was not open face. However, it had tons of cheese and ham. It was really a lovely tasty sandie.  

T and I both drank glasses of a French Vouvray that was enormously delicious.   It had an ever so slight effervescence.  And the price was right, 9.50 on the wine list.

I took off one star because their fries suck azz. They anger me.It was good for what I had.  We had the escargot appetizer which was good, wife had the Skate which is a sting ray type animal.  This is very difficult to prepare and they did a great job.  I encourage either of these for anyone who considers themselves to be adventurous eaters :)Seafood platter is perfect! Good service tooWow. The service was amazing and the facility was very clean. The massage was very relaxing and the staff was very considerate of individual requests and needs. I recommend eating at the lotus of Siam which is next door and world renown.Delicious food, nice atmosphere, and your wallet won't be crying at the end of your meal!

Started off sharing the escargot which was delicious. I was so busy enjoying the perfectly cooked, well portioned sea scallops I didn't try any one else's dish but my family seemed to enjoy what they ordered. I'll definitely eat here again on my next trip and will try to grab a patio seat so I can enjoy a view of the Bellagio water show across the street.My favorite restaurant so far at The Paris Las Vegas. Sooooooo yummy. For breakfast, the Grapefruit with Crystallized Ginger is refreshing and light - I'd been eating waaaay too much over the last couple days,  so this was a welcome change. (Of course, I ordered it with a side of yummy bacon... It came out thick cut and Glazed with maple. Nom.) 

For dinner one night,  I sat at the bar and ordered the Mussels and a glass of Pinot. It was the best.I went here for brunch this afternoon with my fiancé. We had been meaning to go here forever but as locals we don't like going to the strip often. I was in the mood for a croque madame so we decided to finally venture to Mon Ami Gabi. 
We chose to sit on the patio because it has a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and also is just a great people watching spot. There was no wait although the restaurant was quite busy. 
There were misters in the patio to keep us cool as well as umbrellas, I ordered a mimosa and my fiancé ordered a Bloody Mary. The mimosa was delicious, and the Bloody Mary my fiancé came back with from the DIY bloody bar encouraged me to order one as well. 
We began our meals with chicken liver pâté and a smoked salmon plate. The pâté was very rich but delicious and the smoked salmon was divine. I ended up eating just the salmon and capers as the toasts it was served with began to fill me up a bit. 
After our appetizers we got a Croque Madame with frites. The Gruyere on the Madame was so delicious and the sunny side up egg soaked into the bread perfectly. all I could hear were angels singing. The frites were crispy and had just the right amount of salt. 
It was a delicious French brunch, I would say it's family friendly restaurant as long as your children are well behaved.Great Vegas Pick. Great menu and wine list, perfect location overlooking the Bellagio Water show, and awesome service. Butter Lettuce Salad was simple and good, Steak and Frites were Trs dlicieux. Fun, romantic and would definitley come back.We sat outside on a beautiful Vegas night, it was a bit windy so we didn't get to watch the fountains at Bellagio. The server was very attentive. Our food arrived extremely fast. The filet mignon with Merlot butter was delicious.This review is for their brunch menu! Came here around 1PM and requested to get seated outside the patio so we can enjoy the Bellagio water show. 

We ordered:
Eggs Benedict: My fave! Every time I come to Vegas, I have to get their eggs benedict, it is so delicious! 
Seafood Platter: Pretty good. A good amount of fresh seafood. It doesn't beat the Bay Area seafood, but still decent. The ceviche was my favorite. 
Escargot: YUM! Very saucy and smelled so good, tasted even better with garlic inside.
French Onion Soup: Pretty good, kind of salty, but I love the cheese they use!

Overall, I love this place and I come every time I am in Vegas!I love love love this fancy little French bistro. I've sat inside before which has a nice, dimly-lit, and intimate atmosphere when you don't mind a little bit of surrounding noise from other tables. The best seating though is on the patio where you get a nice view of the Bellagio fountains and just a splendid ambiance overall. 

The bread basket is delicious. I think the bread they serve is one of the most important determining factors as to whether or not you will get a great meal. I have tried the Escargots de bourgogne. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about it, but it was actually really good! It was seasoned with garlic-herb butter. For dinner I had the Steak au poivre. It was nothing less than amazing. 

To pair with dinner I ordered their french sangria, known as "Frangria" which is absolutely divine. I wasn't able to try out their dessert so that is something I'll have to look into on my next visit. I am also really looking forward to trying out their breakfast meals after hearing great things about it. It is a good spot to take friends and also have a nice romantic dinner out with your significant other.Went here for an early 5 PM dinner before a 7 PM show. Got seated right away and got to sit on the patio...on a Friday night. That was exciting. The service was great. We both ordered dirty martinis with blue cheese olives which were delicious. We ordered the escargot and warm brie for appetizers. The escargot is buttery, cheesy delicious! I recommend it! The warm brie was good, but the escargot was the highlight. My husband ordered the filet with merlot sauce. It was delicious and cooked perfectly. I had the endive salad which was actually a quite beautiful presentation and tasted delicious as well. For desert we had the creme brulee which was as good as I've had in a while. Overall we were very happy with this place, we had a delicious dinner, made it to our show in plenty of time, sat outside and watched the 'interesting' people on the strip...all for about $130.00. With the way that most restaurants over charge in Vegas, especially on the strip, this was a great place for a great price. We will be back!Not sure what else can be said that hasn't already! I took my 22 year old son and his girlfriend here for dinner in September, and they LOVED their meals. Great atmosphere and wonderful service. We had a reservation and were seated on time. It was very crowded, lots of people waiting outside.We dined at Mon Ami Gabi with a group of 20 and were seated rather quickly at two different tables. Our drink orders were taken quickly but we were sitting for half an hour before the waitress took our food order. My recommendations for appetizer is the chicken patte. The salmon was too peppery for my taste but once you remove the chunks of pepper, the fish was great. Everyone was happy with their meals and for LV, the price is right. This place is super busy and if you do not make reservations, expect to wait 2 hours on a Saturday.All I can say is "Wow!"
Of course, $74 plus tip plus valet for breakfast for 2 should create a lot of Wow. And it did.
Seems even for breakfast, reservations a must.
Would have given it 5 stars but the walk from valet to the restaurant was a bit tiresome. Still, that's what one ought to expect in Las Vegas. At least we didn't have to walk through the casino to get to the restaurant.
We went to Bouchon for dinner, and I have a feeling Mon Ami Gabi would compare favorably.My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! I have been here twice for dinner and once for lunch.

Bread comes with butter and a carrot topping. very interesting but good.
The scallops and french onion soup is to die for!
Filet mignon melts in your mouth like butter.
Also, if you sit outside, you can watch the Bellagio Fountains.
Out of all the fine dining places I have tried in Vegas, this one is still my favorite. The food is great and it is also cheaper than most other places.Wanted to get out of the casino/conference center for some fresh air.  Walked here and had an excellent breakfast with 2 colleagues. I highly recommend it.I wish I could dine here every day!  Such a French experience.  Wonderful food, wine, and service.  Just some bread, pâté, and a glass of wine is heaven. Everything else we had was delicious.This was my favorite meal last visit to Vegas. Had the flat iron steak with the bordelaise sauce and french onion soup. Will be back.I liked this place so much we ate here twice! We went for lunch one day, and had to come back for breakfast the next! 

We ordered the croque monsieur for lunch. It was very good, and for only $12 it was well worth it! The frites were thin and crispy and highly addictive. 

For breakfast my boyfriend and I shared the blueberry french toast, and the pineapple waffles. Both were amazing! sweet, and very filling. 
They also have a make your own bloody mary bar wich was well worth the $11! 
I would highly recommend eating here, I know I will be back next time I go to vegas.Everything was to die for (and we were sober when we ate). Goat cheese app is a must try! Fresh baguettes straight from Paris. Shrimp cocktail huge. Filet sooo tender and cooked perfectly. Sangria was amazing and only 20 a carafe or 5 a glass!  Definitely make a reservation online or you'll wait a couple hours!Sat out on the patio to eat al fresco style. It was a great lunch we had, sipping rose champagne while eating our food. I ordered the croque monsieur. The bread was perfectly buttered and grilled with the ham/bechamel sauce/gruyere cheese. I've wanted to try one of these sandwiches for a while and had to take the opportunity to order one. The french fry/potato chip hybrid potatoes were yummy! It was perfectly crispy and thin all at the same time. Too bad more places don't offer this on their menu. I just wish the staff would have opened up the umbrellas, but supposedly it was a little too breezy. It had been several years since I'd eaten here and it was just as good as I remembered it. Can't wait to come back the next time I'm in Vegas.Fancy shmancy!

After a crazy night in Vegas, my girls and I were looking for a quaint place to eat. I had a wonderful lunch with my girls especially with the impeccable view outdoors. We didn't wait much to be seated and the hostess were very nice and polite. We requested to be seated outdoors and overlooking the Bellagio water show. It was a sunny day in Vegas and not too hot either. 

The waitress was very attentive to our needs. We started with the house bread, which I was thankful for because of all the drinking the night before, I needed to get something in my stomach ASAP.

I had the lobster roll ($17) paired with a Sauvignon Blanc wine. Delicious!! It comes in toasted brioche roll packed with lobster and slaw. The slaw had a nice mixture of dressing. The only thing I would change is to add more lobster and less crispier on the bread. 

Overall, great experience! I don't think you would go wrong with any of their dishes.i was surprised that i actually enjoyed this restaurant. most lv restaurants are overrated and over priced. here's the breakdown of our dinner: 

the soup du jour was super yummy. it was a corn bisque(?) ...chilled...creamy...delicious! 

the french onion soup was also very good....light yet flavorful. 

the tomato salad...very refreshing. good blend of flavors. 

we should have stopped there but had already ordered entrees. skate was not bad but i was already too full to enjoy it. and the steak was steak. didn't really stand out to me.

i would go back but maybe order another appetizer and pass on the entrees.Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  I've dined here on multiple occasions and it's never ceased to impress me.  **Note that I've always sat outside on the patio with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Patio dining is reserved on a first come, first serve basis.  You can expect to wait thirty to forty-five minutes during peak times for patio seating.  To make your wait go by faster, I recommend paying visit to the back bar on the patio where there is plenty of seating.

I'm not much of a drinker, but I do recommend their "Frangia (French Sangria)".  It's only $5 dollars a glass and is very refreshing.  As for food, try their Country Pate, French Onion Soup, etc.  I haven't met anything on the menu that wasn't delicious.

Service here is some of the best I've experienced in the city.  And you can't beat the value for the price, food, service, and view.Excellent steaks, cooked to perfection. Love the bread that comes with the meal. Wife had the baked french onion soup, I had the warm bacon salad, both were great, and dinner was superb.Been here twice and ordered steak frites both times, which were quite tasty.  Less expensive but better steak frites than other Vegas restaurants, and at a great location (sit out on the patio for people watching).Been to Las Vegas twice in the last year and I've eaten here both times. Bomb ass chicken and frites. Great atmosphere. Feels like I'm having lunch right next to the l'arc de triumph or whatever it's called. Makes me want to say "haw haw haw, zis iz delicious non?" Located right at the Paris hotel/casino. If you're tired of the buffets, hit up this place. It can get quite hectic though. Try sitting outside for a view of the Bellagio fountains while you eat. Ahhhh so romantique! HAW HAW HAAAWW!Nice little French restaurant in Vegas. Ordered the steak and it was good. Nothing I can complain about except that it was really dark inside. I do remember that the bread and butter served here was amazing. If you're looking for a nice little romantic restaurant with some ambience, this is the place to go.I love this place!!!! It helped that we had arguably the best table for a view of the Bellagio fountains as well as a supposedly French waiter. The setting is absolutely perfect for both people watching and a great view of the city.  We had the bacon and frisee salad upon our waiter's recommendation, and it was delicious. We also had shrimp cocktail and steak frites with merlot butter sauce as well as peppercorn sauce on the side. We decided we liked the peppercorn slightly better, but both were delicious. Our waiter was also a real character and kept us entertained, even bringing us a free dessert at the end.I've eaten at a lot of different places in Vegas and this is one of my all time favorites. I have enjoyed their steak and frites for dinner with the best shrimp cocktail I have ever had in my life. But the real treat, and the reason I go back on every trip, is their amazing breakfast. Get their early, sit outside and watch the walk of shame go by as you drink the best coffee on the strip, eat sweet bacon soaked in dates (the best!) and enjoy one of their remarkable sweet or savory dishes. My favorite is the lemon skinny pancakes with a side of date bacon. Their orange juice is fresh squeezed and their Bloody Mary's are tops. This place has the best food and views on the strip!Selected restaurant for the view of the Bellagio fountains water show. The outdoor seating was good for viewing the show. In between shows we had a good view of the strip.  Steak Frittes were delicious! Cooked to perfection and seasoned well. Excellent service. I would definitely eat here again on my next Vegas visit.  Would not recommend the indoor seating due to noise and constant traffic of customers entering/leaving the outdoor area.Food is great! No bottomless mimosas, $13+/glass but they only serve top shelf alcohol - not a bad thing right?  Our server Anthony was fantastic, very attentive. View is great. Recommend calling ahead for a reservation.I had a very enjoyable meal here but I was disappointed that I didn't get seated at the front of the restaurant where you get to view the Bellagio fountain! Oh well. I made reservations the day of (on a Wednesday) and still got a table. It's a classic French bistro but somehow being in Vegas, it didn't really have the feel of a French bistro. The atmosphere is dimly lit, crowded, and leans to the louder side but you can still have a decent conversation.

Service is fast and efficient but not overly warm. I really enjoyed the fresh baguette that was brought to our table but I have to say, I've had better bread. I opted for the "butter lettuce and apple salad" ($9.95), there's a few big pieces of the butter lettuce with a sprinkling of roasted beets, a very big portion of goat cheese, sliced apples and it's all dressed with the most refreshing apple cider vinaigrette. Yum. Before my salad, I also received some complimentary slaw - it was refreshing but nothing special. For my main, I had their famous steak frites - I opted for the "steak au poivre" ($24.95). Normally I don't love fries but their fries are famous for a reason, they were cut very thin, so they were crispy and perfectly salted. They tasted even better with some of the brandy peppercorn sauce. The steak looked huge but it was pounded very thin but it was still a decent portion for the price. The steak was very tender and very flavourful and cooked to a perfect medium rare. This has been one of my most memorable steak frites. The price is okay here, I mean with a glass of wine, salad and the steak frites, my bill came to about $47 before tips. It feels a tad pricey for a casual French bistro but this is Vegas...nothing is cheap here. That being said, I did enjoy my meal and would return to try the French onion soup.

Note: The restaurant is located in the Paris Hotel, the bathrooms are outside of the restaurant, around the corner.I'm not a huge fan of French food, but Mon Ami Gabi was a pleasant surprise. Maybe it's because I was starving from dancing all day at Encore Beach Club, or maybe it's because I was too broke to spend much else on food all weekend. Either way, Mon Ami Gabi hit the spot at 4 pm on a Saturday in Vegas.

I got the onion soup and the baked cheese. The onion soup was a little bland but tasty, especially with all of that melted cheese. The baked cheese was delicious -- the garlic pesto (?) bread it came with was sooooo good, and it was really hearty and filling dipped in the cheese and marinara sauce. I also tried some of my friends' food, which was all great. I think my favourite of everything I tasted was my friend's steak au poivre -- hardly surprising. The steak had so much flavour, and the frites were perfectly fried.

Service was pretty awful, unfortunately. Luckily we weren't in a rush; otherwise the two hours it took for us to get in and get out with a reservation would've been a huge issue.Definitely one of the better place on the Strip to have a nice meal. We requested a table on the patio overlooking the Bellagio foundations and we were not disappointed. I had an excellent cocktail featuring St. Germain that was served in a cute St. Germain flask. The scallops were well prepared. Service was attentive and well versed in the menu. The best part about dining here is the people watching and being able to enjoy the fountain shows from the Bellagio. I suggest making a reservation.Food is amazing! The salmon dish is my fave  outside patio has water show view (bellagio). Def worth the waiting for outside table, but try and always reserve. They get really busy!I dined here for lunch last week with my wife during one of the few days there was sun out.  As I have frequently dined at the Mon Ami Gabi in Bethesda, Maryland, I pretty much knew what to expect - good food and service. (unlike my experience at Les Halle in Washington DC, where I had excellent food and an asshole for a waiter)  I can easily say that Mon Ami did not disappoint.

After about a 20 minute wait, we were sat outside.  Immediately, fresh bread was brought to our table and our drink and food orders were placed (when in France, order Kronenbourg).  Our food arrived promptly. I had the mushroom quiche which I thoroughly enjoyed an my wife had the chicken and gruyere cheese crepe, which was tasty as well.   

The restaurant is also across the street from the Bellagio, so we were treated to two fountain shows (one of which was Frank Sinatra...it doesn't get better than that). 

In all, a great place to enjoy an outdoor lunch on a nice, sunny day.In the vast, expensive, style-over-substance that is the Las Vegas strip, this restaurant is a jewel. The food is superb, the service quite good by local standards, prices are very reasonable, the atmosphere inside and out are wonderful. The soups, salads, and entrees have been very very nice, fresh and perfectly cooked. I've been twice with a group of friends and we had a very good time. Really an oasis in this culinary desert.The food here is amazing! The bread is OMG! I think it's as close as it gets to bread in Paris. The wait is okay if you are not crazy about getting a seat outside in the patio. The service is superb! Locations is awesome! And food is amazing!!Wow, what a great restaurant! The service was excellent. They heard my husband had to go on a conference call and escorted us to a quiet end of the restaurant. Our server was friendly and very attentive without being intrusive. I am gluten allergic and they had options and substitutions readily available. I had the turkey egg white omelette, which was very tasty, healthy, and filling. Hubby had delicious chicken sausage with hash browns and eggs AND the berry pancake, all of which he lovedThe food here was really great. We ate outside, and the view of the Bellagio fountains was cool. The Beef Wellington was good, and I don't even like mushrooms. I also loved the fries. The waiter was the best. He was very knowledgeable, and attentive. I definitely will come again!One of the best restaurants on the strip! Amazing French foods and fantastic service . Highly recommend it !Their chicken wowed me. It was as good as the chicken that I had in Paris, very juicy and tender.

The ambiance is very French and cozy, too. We had a table in the balcony, and it was very nice having a dinner with Bellagio's fountain shows every 15 mintues.

I absolutely recommend this restaurant to my friends.My favorite restaurant on the strip. Sitting on the patio you get a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and the smoked salmon is the best smoked salmon I have ever had!I intensely love this place. This is only the second French restaurant I have eaten at, I love this place.

1. Sitting on the patio is a very special experience. there are tiny little birds that hop around you trying to find bread crumbs. the patio is the epitome of romantic!

2. I have never had fresher grapefruit

3. Organic yogurt parfaits? YES PLEASE.

4. Orange juice is magnificent. 

5. Breakfast menu is just perfect. Goodness yes...I love breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi!Family voted 4.5, but I think this ranks a 5. Every item we ate was delicious... but I can't be sure we ordered the best thing on the menu since every dish ordered to tables near us also looked delicious. Prices were pricey for home, but seem maybe a smidgen on the value priced side for Vegas.  French onion soup was about $11, but the biggest bowl of soup I have seen with tons of cheese; escargot was about  $16, but so yummy we used up all the bread dipping up the sauce. We also tried the mussels - yum - and the salmon appetizer - also yum - and a roast chicken dish - you guessed it, yum.  We finished off with the creme Brule - so good. Even though I was completely stuffed,  I was still wondering if I should have ordered the cold seafood plate that I saw at another table. Ahhhh.  Yum.  

I almost forgot...  if you have someone picky in your group,  they told us you can order a hamburger even though it isn't on the menu.Stumbled upon this place after realizing that Bacchanal was going to be a 3 hour wait. I sat in the glass patio section which had a cute, romantic atmosphere. I was seated immediately even though the restaurant seemed fairly busy. I was surprised at the prices since they were very reasonable considering it was a dine in restaurant on The Strip. The complimentary, fresh baguettes that they bring out are divine. If you're looking to squeeze in a date between day and night clubs, I would recommend this place.It is strange that I don't have a review for them, and yet I have been here every year that I have had my Cosmoprof North America tradeshow for our annual girls night( a total of 7 times and counting) There are usually 7 to 10 of us lovely and we take a seat on the patio to people watch and enjoy a beverage ( or three) of sorts. The food is delicious! DELICIOUS! From the warm brie to the goat cheese to the steaks, to the pomme frittes, to the desserts. Sweet baby jesus you can't go wrong at this place. It seems that the drinks get stronger and stronger as the night progresses so w are usually fat, full, tired, and tipsy But no matter what, we always have a great time! See you next year ( if not sooner)Beautiful seating and perfect for people watching and the Bellagio fountains... Ordered the escargot which was perfect combination of garlic and pesto once I ate the actual escargot my family dipped the fresh baggett into the leftovers. The lemon salmon was perfectly cooked and the combination of peas and sweet potato was absolutely amazing! Tag was nice and I would recommend to anyone heading over to the strip. Good food for reasonable price.I had a great dinner experience here. Food was excellent and our server Matt was awesome! He was super friendly and helpful with the menu. Best customer service ever!The only comfort food on the strip as far as I'm concerned. Very good wine list at reasonable prices, too. Can be a long wait if you hit it at the wrong time, though. And service, like everywhere in Las Vegas, is hit or miss, but never terrible.My friends and I came here after the Rock n Roll marathon, and we were surprised the place still opened late! I am usually not a beef type of girl unless it's shabu or hot pot or something. I'm boring when it comes to steak houses...just give me a filet mignon, and I'll be happy. Like, how can you go wrong with one of the most tender cut of beef, right? But at Mon Ami Gabi, how can you go SO right with it that all other ones you had became eh??  The piece of filet mignon was small (as usual like most other steak houses), but the char on this one was superb. Not to mention the merlot glaze totally compliments it! The frites that come with it filled over 2/3 of the plate, but they shaped a bit flat, but super delicoius and crisp! Dip them in the merlot sauce, and they're still good. The french green beans, as a side, was so buttery! 

The service was just okay though. The waitress came back occasionally but not noted to details like few of us need our water refill and so forth.Our favorite place to eat when we're on The Strip. My Dad was always a huge fan of this place so we would go all the time and now we live here in Vegas so we try to make it as often as possible. Service is always top notch just like the food. Remember to call ahead and ask what the specials are that night, Thursday-Saturday I believe. The inside seating is quite dark so bring a flashlight but the patio section is right on The Strip so it's awesome views of the hotels and the people! Plus if you go in the evening you get the Bellagio water show every 15 minutes which gives you an amazing show. Be sure to try the Sangria in the Summer because it's out of this world. Food choices, you can't go wrong.I really enjoyed the decor of this place and we got seated street side so it was a nice view... nice light on a nice Monday morning.  

The lunch was good but nothing spectacular.  However, can't go wrong with pate for lunch.  What made me really like this place is the look of it.  How much it made me feel like I was in some Paris cafe on a sunny day.  It just made me feel happy and relaxed.  

We were only there for lunch so the menu wasn't much to choose from.  Looking at their dinner menu though, I have a feeling I'd like that a whole lot better.  PROTEIN!Food here is amazing - and for the Las Vegas strip prices are reasonable.   They have a full bar and a good wine list.  We loved their onion soup; mussels; steak; and their crepes for desert.  All in all the service was superb.  Great views of the Belagio Fountains.....and just in general watching the traffic and people walking by....

Its a great place for either an enjoyable meal with friends or a romantic dinner out.Come here every time that I am in Vegas. You just cannot beat the combination of amazing food, gorgeous views of bellagio and very reasonable prices. Service is phenomenal as well. I would highly recommend the scallops here, also escargot is excellent.Omgggg after coming here  I wish I could have crepes for breakfast everyday!! Got three different types and two of them were specials...one was better than the next! Also had a duck Benedict which was outrageous! 5 stars for food and if I could give 6 stars for service I would! A must have for breakfast on the strip!This place is amazing!!! Food is superb and the customer  service is out of this world. After a seating mix up the hostess reseated us in the best seat in the whole restaraunt with an amazing view of Bellagios. I had the skate that was delicious, and my mother had the infamous onion soup. The escargots were the best I ever had and I will be craving them  all week. Definitely one of the best places in Sin City to eat. The whole experience was breath taking.Very very pricey for what you get. But it's all about sitting outside and watching the Bellagio water works and the filet mignon merlot butter dish! Excellent service too.Delicious gluten free waffles made from scratch!  Excellent service even though the restaurant was packed on a Saturday morning.  Wonderful crafted juice drinks.  Pricey but worth it!  The crepes were also excellent my friends said.  No GF crepes but a very good GF dejection even GF Eggs Benedict.A friend brought me here for an early birthday treat! While the place was packed, the wait time was extremely reasonable (they told us 30-40 minutes for patio seating, but we ended up only waiting about 15 minutes). 

The people watch is awesome, as expected, being seated right along the strip. 

The food was delicious. While the eggs benedict was satisfying, it was pretty standard, flavor-wise. I actually think Baby Stacks does a more flavorful version. The star of the show were the fresh chocolate croissants.I wouldn't expect anything less for a french place in Vegas. They had good options and it was hard for me to decide what I wanted. The server was very courteous. We had a big party and we sat by the window looking out on the strip. They seated us immediately since we had reservations. I would definitely come back if I couldn't think of anywhere else to eat in the neighborhood. The prices were mediocre. Actually I consider it to be pretty affordable for Vegas.Every time I go to Vegas, I come here.  

I love the food, great french onion soup!  You can sit outside, its across for the Bellagio and you can watch the fountains dance every 30 minutes while you eat.  Its great.  It reminds me a lot of the restaurants in Paris.Great solid spot in the heart of the Vegas strip, loud and fast atmosphere without losing a nice bit of charm. Dimly lit inside with candles on the tables this is a great spot to get a steak and frites or any other bistro style meal. It's not a super high line restaurant but is a solid choice for a good diner where you leave feeling like you had a great meal. Not a gimmicky laced place, it's straight forward and nicely put together, a no nonsense place.Ate here for our first anniversary. Wanted a place w a patio. They gave us a pager and told us that it would be about 45 mins. So we went and played some slot machines. 

15 mins later the pager went off and we were seated on the amazing patio overlooking the strip and Bellagio fountains. We had 3 glasses of wine, a scallop appetizer (amazing!!!), I had filet mignon in a red wine sauce, and my wife had scallops. Absolutely delicious. 

We said that it was a top 3 meal of all time for us. The total tab was 150 after tip, and we thought that was a great price for all the stuff we ordered. I highly recommend this for dinner while the sun goes down.  Very kind and quick service.Loved this place for a casual breakfast. Service was super friendly, especially considering I had a ton of questions and made some substitutions. Cleaned my plate. May have slightly overeaten...I think I've praised this place before.  This is THE place to get brunch in Vegas.  Patio dining so you can people watch in the sun, an atrium for dining, then the dining room if you wanna sit in the shade. 

I love coming here for brunch for their varied menu: waffles, omelets, burgers, soups, etc.  The service here is quick and the food comes out pretty quickly.  

I got the lobster bisque to start.  Although it wasn't as creamy as I imagine bisques to be, it was definitely creamy and tasty. 

For my meal I got the ahi tuna burger.  Tons of avocado on top and the pomme frites were so crispy!  

For my dessert I shared the red velvet cake.  A drizzle of chocolate coated it and sour cream icecream topped it off.  Delicious.  It was so rich it tasted almost savory. 

Once again, a treat to eat here.  You might want to make reservations though.  Got here on Saturday morning and they gave us a 20 minute wait time (2 people), it ended up being only 10 minutes though but you never know!My second time here and I absolutely love this place. It helps to make reservations to avoid long wait. Try the French Onion soup.i had the best mushroom, spinach, and leek quiche here.  

when my plate was first brought to me, i thought, "that's kinda small."  but for a comfortable, not overly full, start to the day, it turned out to be perfect.  the crust was crispy and flaky and the center had so much flavor.  

on a chilly day, the best seat is in the sunroom.  the dining room seemed unusually dark to me - not even in a romantic way.  it was just plain dark; like you were in a steakhouse and they forgot to turn on the lights.We decided to eat here rather than at an equal to lower rated restaurant where the meal would cost 2-3x more. There are so many restaurants where it's easily $100/person, and who knows if it's really going to be worth it. Coming from SF bay area we get plenty of good eats, and I hate forking out a ton of money for average food and a "me too" environment. 

This place was oozing cuteness, and personality. Like a vibrant french cafe.  The service was very good, attentive, helpful. The food was great.  We had the english pea soup special which was absolutely great, and I had the scallops, hubby had the skate wing. Both were delish but the scallops were best. You get 5 huge scallops and lots of veggies for like $20. The quality of the food ingredients and freshness of the seafood was apparent, and it was such a good value. We each had 2 glasses of wine and were out of there for like $100 or so.  Would definitely recommend this place for dinner (and I bet brunch would be great too!).Just had dinner here and absolutely enjoyed it. Food was delicious, quality and fresh. The onions soup was the best I've had yet. The ability to accommodate gluten free was seedless. What other French restaurants will bring you gluten free bread and show you the package so you can get it at home? Service was very friendly and competent. Views of the Belaggio fountains were an extra bonus. Mandy the server took very good care of us.I've been here twice now for breakfast and I would definitely recommend it and return!

Most recently, my boyfriend, mother, and her boyfriend dined here on a Wednesday morning, the last day of our trip. We hadn't really planned to go here since my mom and I had been before, but it is really good and the guys hadn't had it - so why not. We were also staying at Paris so it was really convenient. 

We were seated outside on the patio around 10:30. It's Vegas so it does get warm, but I like outside because you get to people watch and if you're lucky, catch the Bellagio fountain show. The tables have umbrellas to shield you from most of the sun. When we were there two men were playing instruments on the street, so that was cool. 

I had the mushroom and Brie omelette. It comes with toast and hash browns. Mmm the hash browns have caramelized onions cooked into it so they are sweet and perfectly crispy. The omelette was perfectly cooked - not burnt and good ratio of toppings and cheese. The toast is baguette which can be a little rough on your mouth, but worth it. They serve a berry preserve on the side. 

My boyfriend had the corned beef hash. I thought because it had potatoes in it that it wouldn't come with hash browns, but it did! My boyfriend loved and it. My mom tried it and liked it so much she said she'd order that next time. The meat is shredded and very tender. 

My mom had the giant pancake with berries. Yum! Basically a huge crepe with buttery lemony goodness and berries and powdered sugar. Oh and there's fresh whip cream on the side that is great. 

My mom's boyfriend had the special of the day - a mushroom Benedict on baguette. So good! Their hollandaise was right on and eggs were cooked perfectly. 

By the end of our meal, around 11:15, the sun was moving and the majority of our table was getting hit by the sun. We were out of there just in time! But if you go for lunch time there are misters to keep you cool.We have been coming to Mon Ami Gabi for the last ten plus years and have been more than pleased with its consistency in food quality and great service.  The price is more than reasonable for its great street view and directly across from the iconic Belagio water fountain.  If you like onion soup, this is the place and you get to eat all the French bread you can down.  Occasionally we would enjoy our breakfast here and it is equally good.  What a way to start a Vegas day before the crowd pours in.I do like this place, even if it is a chain.  Lettuce Entertain You has done great by this concept.  Simply basic French food prepared perfectly with good raw ingredients.  

I like their oysters to start with, but sometimes get the scallop appetizer with caramelized onions, fennel and butter; it's so good! I also like the steak frites served medium rare, yum!  The French onion soup is also a winner.  Don't forget the table side wine bar, good fun.  

It's consistent when traveling and you're not sure where to go?  I will be searching out other locations when traveling.The food was great, service was amazing and location & ambiance was everything! I had the ahi tuna burger with a side Caesar salad, it was soooooo fresh and good! Next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely having lunch here again!So far the best breakfast spot I know. Get French toast, croissants, and sausage. All 3 are amazing! I would skip Belgian waffles though.This place has it all! Great ambiance, great food, and a friendly wait staff. When we first saw it, it seemed like it would be a long wait but they buzzed us about a minute later. I had the prime-rib special and it was delish!!!! My friends ordered steak from medium to well-done and each was said to be perfect! 

Aside from the food, the place has nice soft lighting, great for romantic dates or just out with friends. The wait staff was very attentive and often checked in with us... he also chatted a little with us so that was nice as well. 

Great place!I LOVEDDDD Mon Ami Gabi! We went here for brunch and were able to sit outside and watch the fountains across the way at the Bellagio. I had a crab cake as an appetizer that was a little slice of heaven. The rest of our food was good as well. If your going to go here I would stay away from the ordinary club type sandwiches (turkey, cheese, bacon) they are just regular sandwiches. Go out of your box and try something different. That's what my friend and I did and we were impressed with our food. (She had a crab sandwich and I had a french crepe. Our hubbys ordered the reg. sandwiches which were nothing special)  I would definately love to go back to try the dinner menu and I'm so glad they have a Mon Ami Gabi over here in Chicago for me to go try.Ate here for breakfast on a Sunday. Choose to wait about 30 min for a patio seat, which was expected. All smoke free patio, which was awesome! Service was great! Bloody Mary bar was cool too. I did learn I don't know how to make a bloody Mary :( 

We had the quiche Lorraine and corned beef hash. Quiche was the best! Great portion and very tasty. Hash was a reasonable portion size, but very bland. No seasoning or even roasted red pepper as the menu claims. It was just corned beef, a bit of potato and poached eggs. 

5 for service, 4 for food, 4 for patio! I give it 4 overall and would be back!They don't accept reservations for their outdoor seating, so it's first-come, first served.  We came for breakfast early enough that we didn't have to wait.

At the server's suggestion, my friend had the HAM AND CHEESE OMELETTE with gruyere cheese.  It was yummy and a good sized portion.  I ordered the GRILLED STEAK AND EGGS.  The steak was flat and about the size of a 4" x 6" photo, so it's not too much meat for the a.m.

Each of our dishes were served with breakfast potatoes, which were hashbrowns with sauteed onions, and toast.  My friend subbed a croissant for the toast.  The croissant was very hard when she tried to break it apart.  She asked for it to be heated and a fresh one was brought out, but it was still on the hard side.  I really liked their toast -- two slices of thick-cut, rustic white bread.  Both are fantastic with their raspberry jam and butter.

The service was great too.  Our server even offered to heat up my friend's dish when he saw that she had stepped away for a call.

Definitely my favorite destination for breakfast when I'm in Vegas.Escargot sweet delicious little slimy snails soaked in pesto and oil, a great start to any french meal. They have duck on Tuesdays for their plate du jour. ordered the steak with carmelized onions and fries that areborderline chips and orderedseafood crepe. for the price this place was reasonable and it's French food! the location is perfect right across the street from the Bellagio fountainsAmazing food! Server was amazing! Some of the best salmon and Porterhouse we've had in a long time in Vegas. Good selection of wines. People love sitting outside but the atmosphere inside is very nice, low lighting, romantic feel. If your not looking for that, ask to sit outside.Best ginger mimosas 
Great food!!! 
Alejandro was amazing ...very attentive , great suggestions on food ... 
very patient... 
Amazing view and located inside a beautiful hotel !! 
(Paris)  def coming back here on our next visit ...A wonderful French restaurant in Paris hotel. They have a patio that views the Bellagio fountains show so its nice to sit out there but rather crowded. Service was excellent!!! My husband and I both got steaks. Mine was flavorful and super tender but slighty overcooked. My husband's however was rather tough and severely undercooked. We still enjoyed our meal but we kind of had to switch steaks. Escargot was alright.. Rather salty.. I've had better on a cruise ship. The mussels however were very tasty! The broth was also good for bread dipping! Yum! All in all this was my third time there and I would go again. Maybe next time we'll try Gordon Ramsey's Steak to compare!I have been wanting to come here for the longest time and when I finally did, I was not disappointed! I made a reservation and wanted a patio seat which we were able to get after only a 15 min wait. The staff was friendly and the breakfast was delicious! The crepes were my favorite and I love that it never got soggy and they didn't overload it with toppings. It was the perfect sweetness and was fulfilling. I took my parents here and they loved it as well. A great view and we were able to see the Bellagio water show. It was relaxing! My mom didn't want to leave haha I will definitely be back!So delicious, and pretty reasonable for Vegas too! The Brie Cheese appetizer comes served with freshly roasted garlic, which is basically my kryptonite. Mmm garlic!

I was in Vegas for work (tough life, I know ;) ) and so my coworker and I shared the trout and salmon. (We love seafood!) Both were very good, the salmon came with an interesting pea puree. But, I would not use the word "exceptional." Fast and friendly service, tucked right out front the Paris. Would come back here!Delicious! Loved this place for breakfast! I had crepes wth berries and a side of scrambled eggs and the hubby had waffles with cinnamon apples and a side of bacon. The fresh whipped cream that comes with both is amazing! The service was great, always coming around tapping off our water and coffee and we got seated right away too. Got a great spot on the patio right across from the Bellagio. I can only imagine what dinner is like here...yuuumy!Fantastic breakfast! With the slew of places to eat on the LV strip this is easily one of the best. They have an simple menu with exciting ingredients in almost everything. The wait wasn't very long and the staff was outstanding. On top of that it is moderately priced for a restaurant on the strip. I would absolutely recommend going here for breakfast. Their coffee is to die for!I had the Vegetable Farcis. It was pretty good. The tomato sauce tasted like it had sugar in it which threw off the flavor of the dish. The warm baguette they serve is amazing. I sat at the bar for a quick lunch by myself, so I didn't get to experience the ambiance so much. Would come back to try the other dishes.I've been to this restaurant 3 times since I moved to Vegas last year and every single time has been outstanding! From the location, to the service, to the food and drinks- it is all 5 stars.. Every time. Sitting on the patio is perfect.. (As long as it's not too hot out!) Most of it is shaded and watching everything going on the strip while sitting and enjoying your food and drinks is always fun.. I will continue coming back as much as I can!Let me start off by saying that is was a beautiful day...70 degrees sitting outside under a table umbrella with the heat lamp warming my shoulders.  Perfect Tuesday afternoon and the wait was only 30 min. to sit outside.  Inside there was immediate seating for those that didn't want to wait.  

Our server was very nice and the food came within 20 min.  The view of Bellagio and the passerbys on the sidewalk was great!  We ordered  warm brie cheese with roasted hazelnuts and garlic as an appetizer.  It was served with toast and it was delish!  For lunch I had warm chicken and brie sandwich with sliced green apples.  WOW!  SOOO good!  It came with stringy french fries that was light and crisp.  

Overall, very very happy  :)Husband ordered corned beef hash with quality coffee. I had fruit and croissant. It was cheaper than back home. What a view on the terrace with gorgeous quality food! It was such a romantic spot. This was Father's Day and the support staff were amazing... Clearing plates, refills, and getting to go boxes. Note: my items were cheeper than most to go places and it's way better!Vegas started off on a weird note and I was thoroughly annoyed with some of the people in my group. However Mark totally turned things around with awesome recommendations and great service. Attentive and funny, Mark listened to all our over the top requests and modifications with a smile. He made sure my friend's bacon was extra crispy as requested (a little burnt if you ask me lol). He made sure all the toppings were on the side per another patrons request and he kept the drinks flowing. Now it's starting to look a lot like Vegas! Then the water show at the Bellagio across the street was spectacular!!! We were able to dine al fresco but still take advantage of the AC. We couldn't tell it was 105 degrees out or that the breeze was actually artificial. For Vegas, the food was reasonable priced, brunch including 2 mimosas tip and tax was $40-45 pp.Awesome place! We went multiple times over two weeks in Vegas. We had Sarah, one of the best servers my wife and I have ever had. We could not stop raving about how great she was. 

One of the nights almost kept us from writing this review. We had an pretty horrible server: rude and very unprofessional (If you get a brown haired young woman of Hispanic descent, run!). Not wanting our experience to be tainted by one individual, we brought it up to the staff. Nancy took our comments seriously and immediately rectified the situation beyond our expectations. 

All in all, the atmosphere, staff and views from this restaurant are second to none. A MUST go for a trip of any length in Vegas!The food we tried was only ok, but the ambience is gorgeous. It's a very chic restaurant in Vegas, very pretty. Their patio is excellent. We sat inside, but in the glass section behind the patio. The service was excellent. Their coffee is very good. If you don't feel like stuffing yourself at a buffet, and want to sit somewhere very pretty with nice service, this is the place to go. They have a pretty big menu, I'm sure they would have things that would be tasty.if you can, stay by the window. This place offers a pretty good view of the Bellagio Fountains.

Everything we got turn out pretty good. The wine was amazing (we opted for a Chateau Neuf du Pape, normal!). And compared to many places in the area, the check wasn't heavy, which was a nice surprise.

Will definitely stop by again next time I'm in Vegas!Here's my FAST restaurant review:
Food:  Excellent and not overpriced (I ate the trout)
Ambiance:  Excellent, I wouldn't necessarily wait the extra time just to sit outside, unless you want the view, which I did, but the fountains at the Bellagio are hard to see through the trees and traffic.  It's a little loud if you're looking for a more quiet, romantic setting.
Service:  Excellent.  My wait at 8:30pm was 40min (for outdoor seating).  Once I ordered, my food was out in less than 10min.  The servers were very attentive.
Thumbs...up (two!)Absolutely wonderful!  Service was brilliant and kept our glasses full on this hot day!  I had the chicken and Brie sandwich with carmelized onions!  Very wonderful along with their fries!  Hubby thought the fries were a little too salty (but ate every one!) for me they were perfect.  He had a bacon burger cooked medium!  Again perfect!  I would totally recommend Gabis!Tucked into Paris casino, Mon Ami Gabi serves delicious French-style food in a surprisingly elegant atmosphere. It certainly adds significantly to the French atmosphere of the casino. We were in town for my stepson's wedding & his uncle Jay hosted a lovely family dinner at this charming restaurant.
We started with Escargot all around the table. Tender & beautifully prepared with butter & garlic, the likes of these snails are rarely found & everyone seemed to enjoy them very much. Delicious bread & butter was also served with our appetizer & replenished throughout our meal. Our host's wine choice this evening was Cotes du Rhone, an excellent offering & the perfect choice to accompany our appetizer & steaks.
As a fan of pepper, I could not resist Steak au poivre, which turned out to be the most popular order in our group. A few of our people ordered Steak Roquefort & Steak classique, and every one of us was pleased with our choices. Our steaks were served with classic Pommes Frites, Belgian-style french fries.
Enjoying my steak cooked rare-medium rare, I'm always afraid that it will be overcooked, but these fine chefs delivered a perfectly rare Steak au poivre - exactly as I ordered. Very delicious, worthy of savoring slowly, and the total effect of atmosphere, the wine, and high quality food was akin to a mystical experience, like a brief sojourn into a lovely dreamworld!
We shared Creme Brûlée & Creme Puffs for dessert. Both finely done & perfect postludes to the entire show.
Our only glitches were quite minor.  The street-view dining room was quite chilly, which made our ladies a bit uncomfortable. If this concerns you, I suggest trying another area of the restaurant on your visit. Otherwise, our waiter was not certain which guest was to get each dish, a typical problem that should be expected in a large dining party that orders very similar items. These are not enough to keep us from returning - in fact, we look forward to it!good but not outstanding food, sick views of the fountain, and a little too dim for family outing.Shawn #22!!!!  5 stars goes out to our awesome server!   

Came here for brunch and we were very happy with the excellent and friendly service we received from Shawn.  This is our favorite brunch/breakfast spot in Vegas and we decided to take the whole family for brunch.   The food was outstanding as usual but what we loved was the coffee!!  Turns out that their coffee is from Intelligentcia who roasts a blend of different beans just for this restaurant.  We wanted to buy a pound of beans to take home with us.  Shawn was nice enough to pack us a pound for $20.   Even our friends were complimenting the coffee back home.  

We ordered our favorite french onion soup and my FIL had the oyster soup.  Both were very delicious.   My husband got the lobster roll which I would order next time for lunch.  My MIL had the french toast which I thought was on the sweeter side.   I wouldn't mind sharing the french toast but not as my main meal.  I ordered the corn beef hash and it complimented the french toast very well.   

If you want great tasting coffee, this is the MUST go to place for it!Mon Ami Gabi was one of the best restaurants I visited in Las Vegas. The food and the service were great and the price was even better. Food on the strip can be outrageous! Mon Ami Gabi was well priced with good food. I suggest eating outside on the patio if you can so you can watch the water show at the Bellagio.Our best experience in Las Vegas. This is one of "MUST GO" place in Vegas. The steak frites were excellent. I had Bordelaise (steak with caramerized onion, red wine sauce) and my boyfried had a Hanger staek (butcher's cut, merlot butter). French onion soup was tasty. Great food. Our table was across from the Bellagio fountains. We enjoyed the fountain show while we are having the dinner. We loved the ambience !This is my favorite steak house in Las Vegas, and although I cant say I have been to a ton of steak houses in Las Vegas, its mainly because I don't want to miss out on this place. Their food is amazing, I usually order the hanger steak with blue cheese. Just thinking about it is making me want to get back there! I definitely recommend the bananas foster for dessert, it is amazing! The warm bananas are folded in a crepe with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream!Came here because of yelp! The ambiance was amazing and there was a humongous line just to get in. We were lucky and got seated right next to the windows facing the Bellagio fountains. It was awesome to see the bellagio fountain show while eating dinner at the same time!

I've heard the steaks here are amazing and decided to get the peppercorn steak. I thought the steak was extremely tender and I could tell it was definitely very fresh. One word of caution is that the steak served there is thin (unless you get the filet mignon). They gave tons of chips as well and it was nice to eat the chips along with the steak!  

My sister got the french onion soup. It was the best french onion soup that I've ever had. It was very tasty and went perfect with the bread that is given to you at the beginning. 

Overall, I was satisfied by the food and ambiance. I would definitely come here again!Walked from our hotel to have breakfast and we really enjoyed our breakfast, reminded when I was in Paris last year. Very good coffee.This place is a total steal! If it wasn't so cold, I would have loved to sit outside in the patio. I wanted a lighter dinner...so I opted to stay away from the steak. Instead I ordered fish. Then I realized it's a big fatty piece! Can you say big portions? I loved the tartare sauce for fries. If I wasn't so stuffed, I would have ordered the creme brulee. Must go back! 

Note: Do not expect to be seated if you just walk in. Make a reservation!If you are a foodie you have no reason not to go here.  Despite the cheeziness of the Vegas scene, the food is as good as you will get in any good restaurant in France.  One of the best mushroom soups on the planet.  We ate there a few nights in a row and learned that the "specials" aren't so special.  But if it is incredible food, who the hell cares?Spectacular!!! 
Not long after we were seated, a fresh warm baguette in a bag was served. We ordered Escargots de Bourgogne , a dozen of oyster, Filet mignon with merlot butter, bone-in ribeye, Sea Scallops Gratinees for 4 of us. Since we all shared our foods and get to taste everything we ordered, 
Both filet Mignon and rib-eye are tender and juicy, practically melted in your mouth, Escargots are tender with roasted garlic flavoured, and oyster are fresh. PERFECT!!! I mean everything we ordered . 

We were seated outside in front of an evening view of the Bellagio fountains, It was really nice to have your dinner while a beautiful water show presents before your eyes, however, it was sad while it was playing "Time to say goodbye" when we were about finishing our dinner Yes,we are leaving in the morning, somehow we know we are gonna to miss this place.my girlfriend and i were planning a special night of dinner and checking out Le Reve.  After reading the reviews here about Mon Ami Gabi, it sounded like a no brainer. And boy was i right!!! Just walking into the place i imediately knew it was gonna be good.  we sat inside in the parlor room (i recommend). outside was just a bit too noisy with strip traffic.  i ordered the steak au poivre. my girlfriend the french onion soup with a side of crab cakes..mmmm...the steak was tender and the frites were just perfect!!  the wine list made me wanna stay the whole night alone.
we made reservations which i would strongly suggest to avoid long waits.We were here for a conference and had 18 for the "team dinner".  with  a big group it is more about service than food but was surprised food and service were suburb.  They suggested 6PM for the  reservation because of big group.  We were sat at very nice long table in the dining room so felt like on table, rather than a few just shoved together- did not feel awkward with big group.  They had dedicated wait person for out table -Very VERY good service ! which is usually hard w big group.  Dinner was great - food was well done, i had the steak w blue cheese - awesome !  simple but excellent.  They served all 18 at same time (9 waiters came out together).  I was " in charge" on picking ( add some stress :)  )and "big boss" said it was great choice (whew).  we did look out at outside seating - next time, wife and i r going to do that cause looked greatLoves this place. Great for breakfast, enjoyed the mushroom omelet with Brie cheese. Just perfect! Hubby had waffles with apples and side of bacon. Tastes all and oh wow it was beyond delicious.With a prime location and views of the Bellagio fountains, this spot is one of the best values on the Strip.  The hanger steak and frites were perfectly cooked and a good deal at $20. The salad eaters at our table raved about the spinach and salmon salad.  One thing I would not order in the future was the seafood tower.  At $50, I was expecting to get a bit more seafood than what was served, and while it all tasted very good, I would probably only order it if I lived in a place where I couldn't get fresh seafood.  Service was excellent.I got the blueberry french toast and it was amazing!!! Highly recommend! My husband for the nutella waffles and thought they were good but not excellent. Food came out within five minutes of ordering and service was impeccable! Plus excellent view of the strip!!!Steak good.
Bread good.

They were about to close but let us in anyway. We were saved from starvation!!!
Service good.

Overall: satisfying meal.We went to Vegas this last weekend with the parents in law and we ate at Mon Ami Gabi for dinner one night and lunch/brunch before we left. I really like this place. For dinner I had the escargot, which were perfectly tender and in a great herb butter sauce that made them melt in your mouth. I had the steak frites, and it was a giant portion that I could barley finish. The service was great but not overbearing. 

For lunch we were out on the patio and could see the Bellagio fountains. Our server was great, and pretty funny too! I had the country style pate and the spinach and brie crepe. They were both wonderful. The parents in law had the soup of the day which was a cold apple acorn soup, which they said was fabulous. All around great place.Mon Ami Gabi is my new favorite breakfast place. When I noticed the waiters in bow ties and vests, I expected the prices might be over the top, but everything was very reasonable. Omelette were $13-15, definitely worth every penny - they were true omelette rather than the cakey egg patties you get at a lot of places. The service was excellent (my coffee and water were never empty) as well, but what truly sets this place apart is the ambience. Situated on street level of the strip, with a view of Bellagio, Cosmo, and Caesars. Still, I didn't feel overwhelmed by strip nonsense even sitting outside. Will definitely return.My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. ALWAYS worth waiting for a table on the patio. Beautiful environment, amazing food and service! LOVE the steak and frites! 
A must try before you dieDelicious!!!  Came here for sister's birthday dinner following a relaxing spa treatment.
We ate salads, soups, desserts and main courses which we all thoroughly enjoyed...our friend, married to a gentleman from France, gave her stamp of approval, so we knew it had to be quite good! Some noteable items:  the frisée/kale salad with bacon, topped with a perfectly poached egg, was seasoned to perfection. I didn't want the salad to end.  The fries were like big potato shavings, fried to a delightful crisp with the right amount of salt.  I could not stop eating them...and poached some from a friend's plate even after the meal was through.   The French onion soup: divine, with caramelized onions melting in your mouth, rich, savory flavor, with gooey melted cheese......yum!!! Quite perfect for a fall evening.  Our waiter was so attentive and kind.  He selected a few desserts for my sister's bday treat--white chocolate bread pudding with butterscotch sauce and vanilla ice cream, lemon tart with sour cream ice cream...mmmm mmmmm.  He and the desserts also get 5 stars!  What way to finish the meal and slip into a food coma!I live in San Diego mostly, but I've also had a place in Vegas for the last 4 years, and I've partied and eaten my ass off at every place there is.  That being said, this restaurant, by far, is one of THE BEST in Vegas for French Cuisine.  Not only is the food and service superb, but the ambiance is great.  Its a half outdoor/half indoor set-up right along the strip.  

Start off with The Chicken Liver Mousse, Escargot, and Smoked Salmon.  The Roasted Chicken and Hand Cut Beef are two great choices for Entrees.

Make sure you grab a couple great bottles of wine to pair with your meal (ask your waiter if you're not a wine connoisseur.)  

Love it.Excellent service and a delicious breakfast.  The crepe with apples, Brie and chicken was awesome.This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas. Everything is good, but I especially love the French onion soup, mushroom and Brie omelette, and the bacon and chocolate waffles. 

The service is wonderful and the price is decent. Mon Ami Gabi, Je t'aime *muah muah*One of the better deals on the Strip for food, this is a good restaurant with a great setting.  I would say that the food is good, but not great, but the prices are surprisingly good considering the location and general ambiance of the restaurant.  I'd say if you're trying to have a nice (but casual) meal while in Vegas, this is one of your better choices.Have loved this restaurant since they opened years ago.  Until I can get back to France, this place allows me to get transported for a couple hours.  Really like the crispy, delicious baguette that gets served in a paper sleeve along with a delicious carrot slaw/salad and softened butter.  Very nice touch.  

We loved the chicken liver mousse pate and the escargot.  DH had the kale bacon egg salad - divine!  I had the moules frites - also divine!This is a chain so I've been to more than one, but always a pleasant meal.
Some things are a bit rich/creamy (it's French!), but everything tastes great. Decent cheese plate and all the salads are gooooooooood.

They have a pretty good wine selection, and a full bar for cocktails.

Every time I've been to this location has been the best because I'm with my girlfriends that I don't see everyday, so that's a perk, but I would recommend it none the less. PS, leave the kids at home.Steak, steak, and more steak in a very desired strip front location across from the dancing waters of the Bellagio.  The predominant offering is steak with about 10 different sauces you can have.  But all the actual meat is the same - new york strip at $25 - with the exception of the rib eye which costs $35.  They have some other stuff, pork loin and chicken.  I got the chicken and he got the rib eye.  The chicken was flavorless and dull, the rib eye while tastily charred on the outside, had a lot of gristle.  One star taken away due to hopelessly clueless servers.  I said "I need my order to be dairy free, can you check with the chef?" and she said "oh well I think there's eggs in the chicken"  ??huh?? on two accounts there. And we heard another server at the table next to us saying that she didn't know what kind of steak it was but that "it's kinda like a tube steak"....they must hire for the youth and looks.....I came here for lunch, and it was very hot. But I sat outside, to enjoy the view. Usually umbrella provides shades, but my table was not covered by umbrella so sun heated up the table and my dishwares. But it was my choice to sit outside.

I ordered seafood platter, sangria, scallop, and salad.

The quantity is not huge, but quality is good. Shrimp, lobster, and scallop were memorably delicious.

If sun does not attack you... Sit outside. I loved the ambience more than the food.This place is not "Great" but it does have such a solid balance between ambiance and quality and price and location that it gets these 4 stars from me and as you see 5 stars from many others.

They have a beautiful 24oz bone ribeye well under $40. Where else can you get that while dining al fresco on the strip, across from the Bellagio fountains with such good service? Answer: nowhere. It's not aged of course but it is a quality piece of cow nonetheless. Some items fall a little short like their escargot. Not terrible but a bit on the bland side. The frites are just right. Nice side demi glaze. Good bread basket and great butter. Proper adult beverages. My point is that whatever you order here (I've been here  few times over the years), at worst, you'll get a better than average experience. If you're lucky you'll get one of their better items and really get double your money's worth. All this while getting treated well and sitting classy yet comfortable surroundings.

Try it at least once. 

PS
Someone's review calls this restaurant "overpriced." Respectfully, that's just silly. I'd be happy to have that person point out a better priced, above average and so well located restaurant on the strip. Go across the street to Bellagio and into Prime. You'll be dropping nearly three figures on a mid-priced cut there.The $$ (it's $$$) is completely inaccurate and whoever voted for that was either ordering a sandwich and/or too wasted to realize what they were paying.

That being said, I did enjoy my visit here, although not what I expected, price aside. The place was dimly lit, nice on a date, not so nice if you'd like to do some work or read (I read the reviews saying casual). I started with a mixed green salad which came with a nice light vinaigrette but the greens could have been cut down to a bite size so I didn't have to feel like a rabbit. For my entree, I had the special for the night which was a half roast duck in sweet sauce.  The hint of licorice was a nice touch and added some kick to an otherwise standard dish. However, the half duck was just that, and you will need experience as a butcher to cut through it in a non-insane way.

The server was polite despite my odd appearance, trying to catch up on some reading in a dimly lit restaurant. There was the added bonus of having a magical experience with the Bellagio water show out the window. I can recall a local telling me, "yeah, we got culture, the Bellagio water show" - ehhh, maybe not so much...but cute anyhow.I love having Sunday Champagne Brunch here..be sure to sit on the patio or the sun room.  They're meal crepes are delicious and perfect after a long weekend of dancing, hard partying, not sleeping, being hungover, and aching feet. And, well I loveeeeee getting their escargot. 
Came for dinner once awhile back, the food was pretty good and they have a very extensive wine list with a lot of wines that I've very much enjoyed.One of my favorite restaurant, the outdoor seating is amazing day and night, you can enjoy your food watching people and Bellagio fountain. My wife and I went for breakfast and dinner, for breakfast get the egg Benedict .. So good, we asked if we can get a Nutella crepe, they served it each ingredient separately!!! Probably because it wasn't on the menu. Their fries are wonderful, don't forget to get those. For dinner I got the Merlot steak, it was ok. It is not a steakhouse anyway. One more thing there is no reservation for the patio, first come first serve.Breakfast was great, definitely upgrade your coffee or espresso to a bowl. Crepe pancakes were very large, but good quality, came with a vanilla bean whipped cream for even more sugar. The date glazed bacon is a must try for bacon fans. The dates don't add much sweetness and the flavor pairs perfectly with the Smokey fat flavor.Mon Ami Gabi was delicious! The wait staff and manager were so sweet and made my parent's anniversary dinner one to remember. The escargot, New York strip and sea scallops were very delicious and flavorful. The ambiance is wonderful and the terrace overlooks the Bellagio fountain show. I would highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely go back!Best Nutella waffles!!  Crispy light texture.  With an airy texture.  Even the syrup and as light and not too sweet.  Excellent. 

Great onion soup.  

4 stars is for the croque madam.  Nothing really special about it.  The white sauce s little gritty and tasteless. A little plain.This has become our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  The food, service and ambiance is first class.  We have dined outside on the rail, and most recently under the patio.  Always a beautiful view of the Bellagio, and is definitely very romantic.  Would highly recommend this restaurant to everyone!!Anything off their steak ffrites menu is absolutely amazing and I make sure I come here every time I visit Vegas. Don't bother with their seafood options (I've been spoiled by the seafood in SF and Seattle, so I'm pickier than most) and dessert menu. This is an amazing place to take a date or your significant other because right across the street is the fountain show at the Bellagio that occurs about every half hour.Love this place! I go Vegas about 4 times a year and this is one of my favorite restaurants. If you go, you need to sit outside to get the full effect. You sit under the Eiffel Tower right on the strip across the street from the Bellagio lake. I recommend going at night as it's not as hot and you get to enjoy the music and water show of the Bellagio. The food is good - my favorite is the filet minion.  Fabulous restaurant for a romantic dinner.Solid place - good food - nice people - eat outside if you can, you will thank me later,  would have gotten 5 stars if they had other than european wines on the wine list.   Perhaps we should have brought our wine?Very nice place, good prices but few options in the menu. I ended up not ordering more than appetizer but all the food I looked around was very good in appearance. I just found myself with different taste than what was being offered in the dinner menu. Lunch seems to have better options for my taste. I wish they had the lunch menu at night tooThis is one of my favorite places in Vegas to eat brunch of lunch because you can sit outside and people watch the strip while eating great food.  They have heaters on the patio and usually it doesn't take long to get one of the patio tables even when they are busy.If you're like me who would rather not dine buffet-style and who detests waiting in long lines for a table in a restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi provides an excellent alternative for food when you're in Vegas. Compared to the long line at the buffet in Paris Vegas inside the building, Mon Ami Gabi had tables immediately available when I visited over Fourth of July weekend. Seating on the porch was great to catch the fountain shows in the afternoon at Bellagio right across from the street, and the mist on the porch helped keep the temperature down even though tables were outside while it was over 100 degrees in the city.Some of the things I've had here on my many visits to Vegas. 

the eggs Benedict - MUST HAVE
The chocolate croissants - DELICIOUS
Coffee and mimosas are delicious. 
Crepes - so so 

Best of all the homemade butter is amazing. I've never made it out to dinner here so that's definitely on the Vegas to do list.Not often you can find amazing food in Vegas without getting raped in the wallet, so  Mon Ami Gabi is really a must-stop for lunch,  especially if the weather permits outdoors seating.  Yes, it screams tourist trap, but just trust the reviews here and enjoy.Mon Ami Gabi is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I have eaten there at least 25 times over the years that it has been open.  It's great for a group of friends, a date or families.  It has one of the most unique views in town and a genuine French feel.  I am not familiar enough with French food to say whether it is authentic or not, but I can say that all the food is awesome.  Even the French bread that comes with every meal is great.  
The patio doesn't take reservations so if you are in a hurry ask for atrium seating otherwise the patio is worth the wait!Fantastic service. Okay portion vs cost. Recommend sitting outside next to Las Vegas blvd. the croissant sandwich was delicious.Great view of the fountains. Great service. Beware coffee is expensive and will hike the bill up!I think I've found my new favorite breakfast/brunch place in Vegas! 

AMBIENCE:
I swear I've been to Vegas hundreds of times and have probably walked by Mon Ami just as many times, but have never set foot in the restaurant because I always assumed it was too expensive.  Mon Ami is located right at the strip and at the bottom of the Paris hotel.  There is patio seating, so if you are lucky, you get to people watch (my faveeee!!) as you eat :)

**TIP: If you do decide on patio seating, make sure you get there early so you don't have to wait too long.  

I'm not one to be known for my patience, so both times I've been here, I've opted for the regular dining inside the restaurant.  The restaurant feels a little bit upscale because there are dark woods, tablecloths, wine glasses, but don't let that fool you b/c dishes range about $15-$18, which is not bad considering the quality of food you get.

FOOD QUALITY:
Okay, most importantly, you want to know about the food right? Let me tell you - it is AMAZING.  If I was trapped in a deserted island and could only bring 3 things with me, I may say their Skinny Pancakes as one of my 3 things.  It was offered as a special when I went the last time I dined here and I am so glad I ordered it!  The pancake was as thin as a crepe and drizzled with this nice glaze, topped with glazed pears.  What I loved was that the edges of the pancake, which were not yet touched by the glaze was still crispy, so it was a wonderful mixture of texture and flavors with every bite!

I also LOVE that the bread comes out warrrrmmm!!! Mmm mmm!  My thighs now hate me because of my love/hate relationship with warm bread and butter, but it is SO GOOD (sorry thighs).

I also got the Strawberry Waffle as well here and it was equally as delicious!  The strawberries were sweet and juicy and the pancakes were cooked to crispy delectable perfection.  Don't even get me started with that maple syrup.  I was trying to find other things I could dip into that maple syrup just so I could have more.

**TIP:  They also have a Blood Mary Bar in the middle of the restaurant. I believe it was about $11-$12.  It loved amaze-balls!  I will definitely be back to try it out the next time.

SERVICE:
Service was great!  The main thing I need in the morning is COFFEE!  Don't even try getting a coherent answer from me until I've had at least 2-3 cups.  Our waitress kept my coffee refilled at all times.  Poor thing, I don't think she's ever seen anyone drink that much coffee in her life lol.

OVERALL:
The breakfast here is just what I need to wake me up from Vegas nights.  I love the atmosphere and the quality of food is what will keep me coming back!  Give it a try the next time you're in Vegas!This was our favorite place out of all the ones we visited in Las Vegas. The food was overall solid, indulgent French fare...but with American portion sizes, of course!

We arrived on a Friday evening around 8 and had to wait around 45 minutes to get a table on the patio. Fortunately this wait was in Paris Las Vegas, so we enjoyed ourselves taking in the sights with some beers.

Sitting on the patio was a bizarre but great experience. Sometimes the air conditioning blasting from the restaurant would get too cold, and sometimes the desert wind would get too hot. We had great views of the Bellagio fountain, although we couldn't always quite hear the music. The patio was also great for people-watching.

Our waiter acted a little weird sometimes. For example, three of us were over 21 and ordered drinks, but the fourth was my 19-year-old sister. The waiter never asked any of us for IDs, and only the over-21s had alcohol, but at one point he seemed to think my drink was too close to my sister, so he commented "you are 21, right?" to her. I'm surprised that kind of lax carding policy is tolerated. He was also I  general just a little bit off with his timing, e.g. bringing the dinner wine before we had finished the appetizer sangria. It wasn't bad enough to dock them a star, in my opinion, but it wasn't the best wait service.They seated us in the indoor patio area (in view of the Bellagio fountain!), nice ambience and great service!!
 

Their French onion soup was very good,  We also got their potatoes gaufrettes with side of blue cheese dipping sauce, the blue cheese dipping sauce tasted really fresh and surprisingly light.  Their side of frites (or fries) was interesting, they're cut into short slivers and fried, while crispy, it would have been nice to have the fries be a bit more substantial since they tasted like leftover frites at the bottom of the bag.

The highlight for me was their crepe with chicken and apples (all sliced evenly and thinly for the perfectly distributed bite).  It was a generous portion, served with a creamy, white sauce to dip all the goodness into.  Their frisee salad with bacon and a soft-poached egg was delicious too!!!  The egg was perfectly poached!!Great ambience! Good food. Pleasant experience.Local aconchegante e ótimo atendimento. Comida excelente.We had one of the best lunches ever.  We ate at a table outside and would have had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains but they did not go off while we were there.  I had the Maine Lobster Roll which came with a spring mix with balsamic vinegar and what appeared to be homemade potato chips.  The lobster was delicious. It had a lemony, fresh flavor.  They give everyone a loaf of bread in a bag. We ended up taking it back to the hotel and having it as an evening snack.Love this place. Food is delicious! The steak and frites is my favorite dish along with the escargo.One of the best meals of my life! My hubby and I were seated with a view of the Bellagio fountains across the way. Our server, Krisha, was super friendly and professional. The bread came piping hot out of the oven with sweet creamy butter. The shrimp appetizer - delish. The drinks excellent; I had their version of a Moscow Mule. The steaks to die for, so tender and cooked to perfection. I had mine topped with gorgonzola, you must try! The profiteroles for dessert were yum and the cappuccino delightful. Seriously what else could you ask for?Always my first choice for breakfast. fresh squeezed OJ nsit outside overlooking the strip and try the eggs Benedict. I usually get the salmon platter...lox, everything bagel, cream cheese, capers, onions and some greens great coffee tooHad a great Sunday late breakfast - wonderful service -coffee cups were always filled with great hot coffee ( very important to my husband)  we sat outside and it was chilly but the heaters kept us cozy -great for people watching too.. loved our meal as well... I thought it was better than Eiffel Tower restaurant ....and a similar and more "French" menu too !Just visited Vegas again and stayed at Paris.  We ate every meal here--why go anywhere else.  The food is fabulous for breakfast and dinner.  Once more, we had skate wing - the waiter said that it is not found on most restaurant menus because it is so perishable, but at Paris the volume is huge, so it's not a problem.  Must try the bananas foster!!!!  And the water show across the street is every 30 minutes.love the hangar steak..the trout almondine is really good too..get an outdoor table for dinner..great view of bellagio fountain..Called half hour prior to arrival for brunch on a Sunday at 12:15 pm.  Surprised there were also  no line when we arrived since the previous day it was crowded with a long line for both the patio and inside seating

Waitress was pleasant and brought hot water as requested. Brunch menu had a variety of:  breakfast along with lunch items.  We had three dishes:  seafood (shrimp and scallop) crepe, friese salad with warm bacon and poached egg, and hash brown and egg breakfast.   All three dishes were plentiful and looked great!  We were all very happy with our choices.  The seafood crepe was delicious with large prawns and scallops.  The corn beef hash was made with a good size portion of cube size chunks of corn beef.  The salad came with a poached egg on top and my friend said the whole thing was very good.

We were also served a small baquette of warm French bread with butter.  The bread was fresh with a crunchy crust and soft middle. 

Atmosphere was relaxing and very pleasant.  We all said we would return!!!Came by for dinner with a same-day reservation. I was lucky that a credit card was not requested when I finally made my reservation for my party! :) All parties must be present before the table can be seated...

Started off with complimentary bread which came out hot from the oven although their butter was a little on the hard side. 

The crab cake appetizer was okay, pretty good. ...little pricey at $16.

It was my first time trying french onion soup and it was pretty tasty at $9. I enjoyed the cheese, sweet onions and soggy bread in my soup! :) Thanks Yelpers! :D

My main course was the filet mignon w/ a red wine reduction which was excellent. Again, thanks to Yelpers! :D $33 was pretty decent although I left 90% of my fries untouched!

Sides are all sold separately. The creamed spinach was okay.

We spent quite a bit of time on desserts. Some of my favorites included the chocolate mousse, profiteroles, and creme brulee, all of which weren't too sweet. The apple crepe left a little to be desired.

Our waiter was extremely polite, and proper. Well groomed and professional. His diction was awkward, "miss, can I take that away for you." "Let's start with the miss first, as they are more special."

...apparently their red wine was good too! :)This was a phenomenal breakfast. I had the special Eggs Benedict with steak. It was out of this world. The glazed bacon was top notch and the cappuccino was delicious. This will definitely be on the list of places to start the day.For my wife's birthday we decided to do something special and Mon Ami Gabi definitely provides a great romantic atmosphere and nice affordable dining.

We arrvied about 9am and there was NO wait we were immediately seated on the outdoor patio and we were served right away.

We ordered coffee, smoked salmon platter & bagel,Eggs & Beef Bourguignon , Chocolate-Bacon Waffle and a side of hashbrown potatoes(not pictured)

The food was fantastic! The Beef Bourguignon was reduced in a red wine sauce with the MOST tender beef EVER. The Chocolate-Bacon Waffle with chocolate syrup & whipped cream was scrumptuos too!!!

If you are looking to impress but NOT break the bank @MonAmiGavilv is the Place!!i'd rate this as a "high" 3.5 star which rounds the rating up to 4.

me, the wife and the in-laws had a nice dinner here.  i started with an smash of an onion soup that was fully of cheesy goodness.  the wife and the pop-in-law split a salade maison, which was a mixed green salad w/ a house vinagrette and a goat cheese crouton.  they enjoyed it but nothing special for them.  mom-in-law just had sat tight for her entree.  

i had the skate, as my entree, which was very tasty but oh so buttery, a bit too much i would say.  the wife had the lemon chicken w/ french cut beans which she found flavorful but a bit overcooked.  pop-in-paw had the thyme-seared salmon which was quite good and mom-in-law had the sampler of vegetables which looked excellent and i tried some beets and was won over.

we all split the chocolate mousse for dessert and loved it.  it was a bit thick but they added lil pellets of crunchy chocolate thingies (cue homer) and that just made it!  this itself makes the place a 4 star!

the service was good though a bit on the slow side.  our waitress was quite nice to us and very funny too.  she suggested a great pinot noir but i completely forget the name of it but it's the only pinot noir on their wine by the glass list.Holy Chicken liver MOUSSE!

If you like liver, try it! order order order! It was mild, buttery and if you are anemic like me, this is the dish that will get your iron going! IT WAS SOOO GOOD! It was served with buttery toasts, mini pickles and cocktail onions with a touch of liver horseradish type of sauce. It was so perfect! I asked for some more toasts later on and packed it up to-go, which i later enjoyed eating on the way back home to the OC ^_^

I had a seafood crepe and wow! the scallops couldn't be bigger or tastier. Jumbo shrimp!

My bf had the jumbo crab cake and damn was it JUMBO! it was filled with crab.

J'adore 'Mon Ami Gabi'!お洒落で雰囲気バッチリのフレンチ
評価がとても高いこちらのレストランでブランチを予約しました。
2時半に予約し、伺ったのですがこの時間帯なら予約なしで入れそうです。

まずはビールで乾杯！！！
そとは暑いので本当に美味しい

メニューは下記をオーダー。
onion soup

ゴーダチーズサラダ

エスカルゴのオーブン焼き

steak！！

それに合わせ、ビールの後は白のオススメのグラスとお肉に合わせた赤ワインを出して頂きました。

料理はどれも美味しくてうっとり。
またそこにワインの相乗効果で最高な時間を過ごせました。
外のテラスに座らせてもらったのでベラジオのホテルの噴水も良く見えて良かったです。

素敵なお店でした。
ご馳走様です。Walked in on a sunday night without reservations and had an AWESOME table!  ( we we're not outside but sitting right at a huge open Window with a mostly unobstructed view of the bellagio fountains)

the service was awesome - the waiter was great, always had a smile and always realllly attentive, I loved that!

The food : 
it was a mere " Meh!"  Although, i would like to come back and try something else. 

I had a New York strip - didnt really like the crispy potatoes they were served with, the macaronni gratin was way too rich, and the steak tasted like a shoe!! I think theses people rely too much on their " sauces" and dont really give much thought to the actual  beef.

Thankfully, i ate almost a whole baghette before the steak came so i was satisfied!! lol. 

Next time I visit this restaurant it will be for  lunch , and ill try a burger or sandwhich. 

4 stars for the service, the ambiance and the service and the service! definitely will be coming back...Easter Brunch -  The Brie Chicken & Mushroom Crepe was amazingly delicious! Must try if you're craving something savory! We also ordered the eggs Benedict & Blueberry French Toast! The Benedict wasn't all that special the english muffin was so hard we couldn't cut through it with a knife. Despite being busy the service was great! One of my favorite spots on the strip for brunch. Great view of the Bellagio Fountains.This is my second time here and its absolutely my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  The escargot is amazing and the warm goat cheese is perfection. If you can get a table on the patio the view is of the bellagio fountain. The steak here is amazing too.This is an ideal place to eat dinner at a fancy place without feeling the need to be in a suit and tie. Reservations only apply for indoor seating, if you want an outdoor seat you'll have to wait.

Mon Ami Gabi was a very enjoyable dining experience. From the moment we were seated, our server with the most welcoming smile, made sure we were tended to throughout the evening.

To start, we had a complimentary rice/pea salad along with their bread and butter. For apps, we tried their escargot which was utterly garlicky and delicious. Don't forget to use the little bread you have left to dip it into the left over sauce after eating the escargot. I think this came with six pieces.

I got their steak bernaise. The cut of this steak is thin but it is surprisingly filling. This steak came with a bernaise sauce that you can't stop dipping it in. Each of their steaks come with frites. They were unlike any frites I have ever had... very thinly cut... a cross between hash browns and the end pieces of McDonald's fries. I can't say I was wild for them, but if you like crunch, these will certainly hit the spot. I also got an order of their mac and cheese which was a decent portion for a side. It was a little TOO cheesy for my taste but then again, I was starting to come down with a sore throat so that could be it.

I will definitely plan a visit here again next time I'm in Vegas!ive been to this restaurant twice and have had spectacular meals both times. Their flank stanks are their specialty. I have had two different steaks and both have been delicious. Having a table right on the strip looking across at the bellagio water fountain paired with the dim lighting of the restaurant makes it a great place to take someone on a nice date. The only down side of this restaurant has been the staff. Both times i have been disappointed with my server. Just somewhat rude and not coming by the table enough times to refill water and bread, etcMon Ami Gabi is my all-time favorite restaurant in the world.  I'm from Los Angeles, so visits to Las Vegas are quite frequent for me.  Although the glitz and glam of Vegas have attracted some of the world's top chefs, I'm sure none of them expected to be beat by a chain restaurant like Mon Ami Gabi.

The service at Mon Ami is incredibly great.  Of all the times that I've dined here, about 95% of my visits were great.  The food, the wait staff (Angie & Misty, love ya babes) and their bartender (Rick) are some of the most pleasant to have serving you.

My recommendations for this restaurant are the following
Appetizer: Escargots (The best I've ever had)
Entree: Filet Mignot w/ Merlot Butter (Done Blue or Rare)
Dessert: Flourless Chocolate Cake (One of a kind)

If you're not daring enough for snails, I'd recommend the Shrimp Gabi.  Also, if the Flourless Chocolate Cake is not available, I'd recommend their Bread Pudding in it's place.

Drink Recommendations
Men: Orange Whip (Only Available Here @ Mon Ami Gabi)
Women: Paris Romance (Only Available Here @ Mon Ami Gabi)

Going beyond the great food and excellent service, my favorite part of my dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi is recieving the bill.  With an appetizer, entree, desert, and drink on my tab, I was surprised to find my final payment with a 20% tip to be only two digits.

Great food, great service, great price.  What more could you ask for?

Oh yeah that's right, the setting.  If you're seated indoors, you'll be dining under a very dimmly lit dinning hall with 50 foot ceilings.  Yes, it is that high and no I am not exaggerating.  If you're dinning outdoors (my favorite) you will not only be enjoying great food with a great wait staff but you will also be entertained every fifteen minutes by the fountains of Bellagio, directly across the street.

Great food, great service, great price, great setting.

What more could you ask for?This was one of my favorite dinners of all time. OF all time! 

It wasn't lavish (spent a little over $150 for quality entrees, sides, and wine for 2), but I don't remember the last time I enjoyed dinner this much. 

First of all, we were seated on the edge of the outside patio, right on - but elevated - above the sidewalk of the strip. We had a view of the Bellagio when the water show was happening, and we people watched to our hearts' content (I am so glad we weren't seated inside, which was by contrast extremely dim - I Despise eating in dim rooms). The temperature outside was comfortable. We had a long, mellow dinner and it was perfect.

The Filet Mignon Merlot with butter and red wine reduction and hand cut frites was outstanding. If someone knows of frites in SF like the ones here, can you let a homie know? The frites were beyond delicious...they were FLAT (!) (I don't know how they made them so flat and perfect). Crispy and browned on the outside and soft on the inside...they soaked up the red wine reduction from the filet mignon...words cannot describe how good I thought they were. The red wine reduction was intense and tangy. The Filet Mignon was super tender. Did I mention dinner was perfect?

I have since then been waiting for the day I find steak frites like I had at Mon Ami Gabi. I have made a few futile efforts but overall I'm not trying very hard...I want it to just happen one day like Mon Ami Gabi happened.

I love when places unexpectedly sweep me off my feet with amazing food and wine, and an excellent environment!I love the crepes and i love that i can watch the bellagio fountain while eating my foodGreat location, classic decor, fair prices and large portions! Had the strawberry skinny pancake aka French crepe and it was delicious and very filling. With unlimited coffee, a glass of milk, tip & tax the total came out to $20 not bad at all! Service was great & waiter even took back a crepe my friend ordered after it had arrived & he noticed it was too much food to go along with his egg combo.This was my first time in Vegas and I didn't know a good place to get some nice breakfast. Me and my boyfriend were walking looking at our phones (yelp) to see if there was anything nice. Mon Ami Gabi popped up.

What a pleasant surprise!! It's not usual for me, traveling, to like the first place I go to eat. Most because you simply don't know the place and have no idea what you may get. But I'm sure we got the best.

My boyfriend got the eggs benedict and pomegranate juice an I got the croissant sandwich. We had a blast, my boyfriend loved his plate and It was definitely one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Super crunchy croissant pastry and super fluffy eggs inside!! Awesome!! 

The service was very nice as well, but you may have some trouble to get a table because at the 2 times we went there, the place was crowded. But I can understand why.#45/2016

I dined at Mon Ami Gabi several times a few years ago and it was delicious.

It's especially wonderful since it also has the advantage of prime viewing the Bellagio fountains when you dine outside on the patio.

I had to go back.

The warmed French bread, the steak au poivre, the impeccable but unfussy service, it's so perfectly executed that my little boy and I walked super-fast down the Strip to make sure this was the *one place* we'd dine out in 'Vegas.

I didn't realize it was part of Lettuce Entertain You restaurant empire. While I knew Mon Ami Gabi had locations in DC, Vegas and Chicago, it doesn't feel like a "chain."

My only suggestion is to go back to the classic shoestring frites they used to (and in my humble opinion, should) have and offer aioli, not just mayo, as a dip.

I eat fries "a la francaises" and those two things would be so prime.

A destination restaurant at a moderate 'Vegas price.

**Highly recommend!Really tasty food, fantastic service for a meal that will not break the bank. I would recommend and for sure go again!Excellent food , nice place overall , friendly and attentive staff . We will  definitely be back .The mussels here were some of the best I've had. Definitely get some as an appetizer and only share it with your favorite person at the table. But only one. You only get 3 and 1 is enough. You're welcome. 

The Bone in rib eye was monstrous. Gargantuan. Like I was eating the thigh of a unicorn. Tough too. Emotionally and physically. 

I finished it. But it was a massive challenge. My face was in pain as I finished the last bits of semi-tough medium-rare meat which I cut poorly with the wrong knife. It was the meat sweats. They say you can't even see straight when that happens. I came here with an arrogant stomach who's consumed more KBBQ than everyone combined at the table, and left with a crippled walk holding my stomach while trying to stay awake from the itis. 

I probably should've gotten the smaller filet mignon and saved an appetite for dessert. 4 stars overall.Located at the Paris hotel and casino I absolutely love Mon Ami Gabi.  I've had the pleasure of dining here 4 times and each time has been fabulous.  Be prepared to wait for a table if you want to dine outside.  I've waited anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour.  It's usually less than the wait time they tell you though.  It's worth it to sit outside as you can see the Fountains at Bellagio go off and watch the action on the Strip.  They have heating lamps to keep you warm on chilly days.  For breakfast their eggs benedict is the best.  They make their own english muffins from scratch.  However, the french onion soup is the shining star here.  The broth has a sweetness to it and there is the perfect blend of caramelized onions, croutons, and cheese to make it the best onion soup I've ever tried.  They even serve it on their breakfast menu.  I've also tried the seafood crepes stuffed with shrimp and scallops in a light creamy sauce that just melts in your mouth.  Service can be a little slow as it's usually busy but you can sit and enjoy the view and feel like you're at a cafe on the streets of Paris.Surprising find on the Strip. 

This is a very good French restaurant right off faux Eiffel Tower. Might be one of the best restaurants you can get on street level Las Vegas Blvd. 

Quiche and salmon on bed of spinach & real baby arugula - warm baguette served alongside. Really good.I have eaten here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. If you're going to eat here I would suggest doing so for breakfast or dinner (breakfast is always packed even though I haven't eaten it). Lunch is limited and half the menu is good and half is okay. However the dinner menu is expanded and delicious. I suggest any appetizer (they're all good) as well as the wine reduction steak. Honestly, I ate this in Feb and it is now June.... I just told my bf about this place again yesterday because we are heading back to Vegas soon and I want that damn steak wine reduction meal in my belly again. Period. All you need to know.

$$$ is worth it for dinner, not for lunch. Make a reservation because they are always packed. If you can, sit on the patio.We always come here when we visit Las Vegas.  The patio is nice since you can see the fountain show. Great service and food.We eat here everytime we visit Vegas, at least twice a year. The service is always excellent and we always enjoy a bottle of wine on the patio watching the Bellagio fountain show. I ALWAYS get the lemon chicken ... its amazing. We have never had a disappointing expeirance here.We arrived early for an early dinner and were seated right away. It was definitely an off-peak time for Mon Ami Gabi since it was not yet dark outside (You can supposedly see both the Eiffel tower + Bellagio fountain shows if you sit outside) The alternative is that you're seated inside in a dark setting with a sort of romantic vibe. Then there's an inside patio outside that sits right underneathe the eiffel tower, so while you can't quite see the eiffel tower in its glory, it's still a good view of things going on out on the strip -- this is actually the least preferred choice of the three for me.. But I wasn't aware that "inside" meant you're seated in this mostly-enclosed patio area (at least we were not in the 100 degrees hot sun I suppose..)

Despite the minor annoyance of being seated basically outside when requested to be seated inside, the service from our waiter that evening was exceptional. He had a french accent which made him a little bit hard to understand, but he did a wonderful job of telling us the special of the day. He smiled and checked up on us a few times. My boyfriend accidentally dropped his steak knife and the waiter noticed it immediately from his peripherals and asked "it was a knife, correct?" 

The food came out in a timely manner, and each of the tables were given some (surprisingly) yummy carrot salad and a baguette to quell our hunger for a bit before then.  

The Food:
- Au poivre: One of the most delicious steak I've had the pleasure of tasting... Albeit a bit on the salty side, the steak was cooked to perfection and easy to chew. Paired together with some fries that came with this dish, the result was a well-balanced palate. 

- Jumbo crabcake: Note the singular form here... This dish was not meant to be a meal and came with only ONE crabcake. The word jumbo is sort of misleading as well -- it was a little wider, but flatter than most crabcakes. HOWEVER, this was delicious -- definitely the best crabcake I've tried thus far.

- Macaroni gratin: Basically mac n cheese. This dish was more creamy and less cheesy than traditional mac n cheese, but to be honest, it was nothing special.

- Chocolate profiterole: Absolutely delicious/must-get. For a hefty price-tag of nearly $11, this dish was meant to be shared. It came with THREE large-sized cream puffs, filled with vanilla ice cream and doused in chocolate sauce. Although not a fan of dessert that are too sweet, this one was worth stomach-ing. We each had 1.5 cream puff, yum!Only been once, but my meal was perfect. It helps that it was a perfect day out, but couldn't have asked for a better meal.My husband and I ate at Mon Ami Gabi for brunch our first morning in Vegas. You can't beat the setting, located right across from the  bellagio and with outdoor seating and heaters! Breakfast was very good...I had scrambled eggs, hash browns and sausage and my husband had the special which was braised beef hash, which was also very good but was a relatively small portion (a definite negative for my husband!) He also had a bloody Mary which was very good (They had a bloody Mary bar as well, which looked amazing!) we enjoyed breakfast so much, we decided to go back for dinner a few nights later. Only waited for 15 mins for an outdoor table and were seated with a perfect view of the bellagio fountains. They bring out  a fresh, warm baguette with butter-yum! I ordered a bowl of french onion soup - incredible. my husband ordered salmon tar tar which he said was delicious. For our meals, I got the crab cake, which was very fresh and tasty, but was only a crab cake ($17, no extras-veggies, starch, etc). My husband got the Hanger steak with fries which was excellent. we shared the banana foster crepe for dessert, also wonderful. Our waiter was excellent as well-very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  We would definitely recommend Mon Ami Gabi  and would eat here again if visiting Vegas.Eating at this restaurant was not just a meal but an experience. The food was awesome. We had the special soup, escargot, and the steak frites. The steaks were perfectly cooked. The service was spectacular. Our server, Michelle was a true professional. She made perfect recommendations and was on the spot with everything. We had the chocolate tart and the bread pudding for dessert. Awesome! Sitting on the patio with a view of the Bellagio fountains was just the icing. We will definitely be back!This is a cute little french bistro in the Paris hotel.  Unlike the Eiffel tower restaurant, which serves fancy french food, this is more down home french cooking, the type of stuff you find in a Parisian sidewalk cafe.

Their steak frites were really excellent, and was the standout for me. The service was very friendly and professional, and I was even able to get a nice table just walking in around dinnertime.  Even more amazing was how affordable this place was given the city-wide tourist trap that is Vegas.  I would definitely come back here again.Food was good. Awesome service. Great view of the water show at the BellagioOur server, David was AWESOME! Eggs Benedict are a must and the patio has a great ambiance. Overall, very pleasant brunch experience.It's refreshing to get such quality for a reasonable price on the Las Vegas strip. Mon Ami Gabi is a French bistro with a long list of meals that is sure to please. Their steaks are most popular, but it's the fish that steals the show. The flavours are complexe, the food is fresh and the view can't be beat. 
I had the seared salmon and my husband had the skate. Both were cooked to perfection and served with a healthy portion of sides. They offer a wide selection of wines by the glass and while the restaurant is busy and noisy (much like the rest of Las Vegas Blvd) it is easy to get swept away into a great meal. 

Keep in mind that even if you make a reservation and ask to be seated on the balcony, they will not always honour it.Great food with a wonderful view along the strip. Great service and very romantic setting.I was pleasantly surprised that there was no wait at this highly rated restaurants. Service was efficient and attentive. My favorite was the seafood crepe, and it had lots of peas. We had the escargot and Friday Fish special. All good, but pricy. I miss the good old days of $12 buffets.I have been here on several occasions over the years and it is consistently good, with consistently good service. I love sitting on the patio for weekend brunch! But get there early because everyone else likes that too! You cannot beat it on the strip for eating right on the historic Las Vegas Boulevard.Their filet mignon elicited a visceral reaction that will never be matched. I thought I'd had the best steak on earth before visiting Las Vegas, but I was clearly wrong. People like to throw around the term "melt in your mouth," but it will never ring truer than at Mon Ami Gabi.Love Mon Ami Gabi!

Great for brunch and a mimosa or a nice dinner out.  I would highly recommend sitting in the patio area along the strip.  Great for people watching and the Bellagio fountain water show.  Last few Vegas trips I've made it a point to come here instead of trying new places.

Breakfast is really good. Also very happy with dinner as well.  They have a fully stocked bar.  It's a busy place but the service doesn't suffer.  I would rate the food 4.5 stars but the location and ambience and how it's in the middle of everything bumps it up to 5 stars.Wow! Just wow! What a great place to spend a night enjoying a great steak dinner. I must admit I didn't pay the bill so I can't comment on that buy my filet was cooked to perfection and the frites were on point ;)
Would definitely come back!Brunch and lunch menu are great. Delicious food, simply made. Good strong coffee, typical French bistro atmosphere. Definitely will be back.We love Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast. It definitely has a Parisian feel and the breakfast food is wonderful. I had the ham and cheese omelet with the side of hash browns. The omelet was cooked perfectly for me. The hash browns were dripping in butter, which made them taste great, but was not so great for my diet, but I knew that going in. My husband had the blueberry pancakes and love the pancakes and the whipped cream that cam with them. We look forward to going each time we visit Vegas. 

Service was great and of course the view was also great.dinner only:

haven't been to france since I was a toddler but even then I would not have appreciated the food but this place would prolly be as close to a French type of cuisine.  for some reason I was craving steak and frites prolly something on the travel channel I saw made me want them...so on a random Monday i decided today will be the day. first off, pls arrive early for your reservation coz there is only one line to check in guests, theres no separate line for walkins. they are all mixed in for one line. we didn't miss our reservation but I'm sure we were considered late coz we were in line 10mins prior with a line that went around the casino floor *on a Monday*...i had requested for seating on the patio for the view of the Bellagio but its on a first come first served basis, so the next best thing was the inside rite next to the patio....and lucky me I GOT IT! my view was amazing!!! and I didn't get cold since we were technically still indoors. 

food:

basic steak and frites *for me* my plus one got the bone in rib eye..*drewls* it was sooo good!! both were, escargot was fabulous!! had 2 glasses of rose wine...excellent wine, asked for an extra baguette coz I HAVE TO AN EXTRA BAGUETTE, might as well its expensive to eat there so get everything u can that's free. *winkwink* no dessert..all in all everything was phenomenal!! 

all in all it was a very romantic time. def recommend it. =)Some of freshest oyster in the continental US ( I mean that! Including the ones they get fish in front of you in Washington, Massachusetts, Maine and even baja CA )Came here for a dinner date with my favorite person in the world, my best friend Christina. While we found the tables a bit too close for comfort, the lovely atmosphere made up for it. It's romantic and lovely, a perfect place to take your lady for an anniversary or a special date.

Our very pretty and very nice waitress gave us ample time to study the menu, and after placing our orders, started us off with a baguette.

Then our orders arrived. My biffle and I shared a half order of the mussels, as well as the steak bordelaise.

The mussels were my favorite part of the meal. They were perfectly cooked, and bathed in a perfectly seasoned, rich (but not too rich) sauce. There were thin strands of onions in the sauce as well, which I though went along beautifully with the mussels.

The frites, or the fries that come along with the steaks are quite unique. They are a hybrid, a cross breed of a fry and a potato chip. I prefer soft fries, but for those who like crunchy, yum!

I'm not really a steak person, so I didn't love the steak... but the sauce was good :) Eventually got waaay too buttery and rich, but I couldn't stop eating it!

Super happy with my dinner date here, but it might have been because of my lovely company. Will definitely return :)The French really do know how to make everything taste delicious! Came here for breakfast with a group of 6 girls and everything we had was good from the egg benedicts, corned beef hash and French toast. The benedicts came with a side of hash brown that was outta this world!! I kid you not, I am a lover of hash browns and that was the best hash brown I've ever had. It was light and crispy - just how it should be. The only downside was I wished they could've thrown on a bigger portion of that  hash brown because I was wanting more of it. 

For good, quality food at a decent affordable price - this is it!chicken and mushroom crepe
classic quiche lorraine
maine lobster roll
croque monsieur
summer cobb salad

fresh, filling portions.
satifying irregardless of what was consumed.
great view of the strip and the bellagioBurger crew meeting called to order on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at 10:30am (Burger Crew does Vegas/Burger Crew Founders' Birthday Bash). 

Members in attendance: Angela d., Sumana S., Trevor Y., Wayne T. , and Dennis K.

I. Ordering
Between the 5 of us, we ordered 2 "Cheeseburgers": Choose Jarlsberg, brie, or blue. Comes with lettuce, red onion, tomato, and cornichons - $15.95 (add bacon or egg for $1). The burgers come with hand-cut fries. We ordered them medium rare with brie (as recommended by many yelpers) and we added the bacon. 

II. The burgers
The meat is definitely the star of the show, and Mon Ami does a good job constructing it that way. The patty was thick, and Sumana and Wayne's was cooked perfectly medium rare, but the other burger was more toward medium. There was a good amount of seasoning on the patty and there was a clear meat flavor. The brie worked well in the burger; it was subtle and complemented the patty (said everyone else). I, personally, am not a huge fan of brie so I wasn't as big a fan. The bun was able to soak up juices without falling apart and was gooey and a little bit sweet. The bacon was nice and crispy, chewy, and peppery. This burger was a little difficult to eat because the lettuce was placed on top of the patty so the top bun kept sliding off the lettuce. 

III. The fries
The fries were shaped funny, and were not uniformly cut. This meant that some fries were thinner and crispier while others had more potatoey goodness. Overall, these fries are sliced pretty thin and are probably double fried. They were nicely salted. 

IV. Miscellaneous
This place is located in the front of the Paris hotel. It's very popular for brunch so make reservations! There was a gigantic line to get in when we left. The restaurant is a little dark inside, which gives a more upscale feel. There is also an outside patio, which is nice on a nice day. We were there during breakfast hours (until 11am) and the burger was on that menu but it didn't specify the type of cheese used on the burger. It is also on the brunch menu, which specifies the type of cheese. Our server was named Brooke and she was great. She accidentally dropped a glass at our table, but was really apologetic. No harm, no foul. No bathrooms in the actual restaurant. It's in the casino; turn left when exiting the restaurant. Lastly, parking here is confusing. We parked at Paris and it was really hard to find our way out to the strip. 

V. Value
There was a little bit of debate here regarding the value. Some thought it was on the expensive side, but others thought that the quality of ingredients justified the high price tag.

VI. The verdict
Great meaty burger! The ratings: 3.8, 4.1, 4.5, 4.6, 4.6.

Next burger crew meeting: Fat Choy right after we finish at Mon Ami! Burger burger burger burger burger!In recent years, we've seen 99-cent shrimp cocktail fall by the wayside as Vegas has evolved into one of the best restaurant cities in the country.  With our mix of celebrity chefs and other vittle visionaries, we've become a dining destination.  

Rather than holding tightly to their treasured recipes, some of these chefs are throwing open the doors to their kitchens and teaching us to cook like they do.  The classes are terrifically good time, and I have actually learned a lot each time I've attended.  It's a wonderful way to spend a Saturday morning.

You may want to have a designated driver on standby, though, because your wine glass will never be empty!

Here are "quelque choses" I learned at a fantastic Mon Ami Gabi French cooking class in January of 2012:

* When caramelizing mushrooms, don't wash them because they won't carmelize properly. Instead, brush them off. And, use pomace oil, rather than extra virgin olive oil, because it has a higher heating point. 

* The fine mesh sieve is a Chinois.  It's used to strain the Four Mushroom Soup after it's been blended. It's so-named because it resembles a Chinaman's hat. :)

* Sear the sea scallops only on one side to avoid making them rubbery.

* Don't pair a dessert wine with dessert. It's too much sweet, and they will diminish each other.

* Preparing the fresh cream to top the Warm Chocolate Pudding Cake, I learned the proper way to whip is with a Figure 8 maneuver.  It's a workout!

The next class at Mon Ami Gabi is July 21.  Taking no chances, I registered a month ago.  It's gonna be "magnifique"!Amazing! Sooo amazing! We dined here to celebrate with a future bride. The maid of honor and matron did a fantastic job in creating a pre-fix menu for us at Mon Ami Gabi!In case the massive crowds didn't tip you off, this is one of the best places in Vegas to eat...highly recommended.Love the ambience of this dining experience. Good French food, quality service and fun! You really do feel like your in Paris! Located adjacent to the Eiffel Tower and on the Las Vegas Strip!This place was excellent!! I always walk by this place every time I'm in Vegas and we finally decided to try it out for dinner this weekend.  You can make a reservation for the inside portion of the restaurant but the patio dining doesn't take reservations.  We decided that it was a nice evening and there was a cool breeze so we opted to wait it out and have dinner on the patio.  I'm glad we waited, it was really nice having the fountains in front of us throughout dinner and the weather was perfect! They do kind of squeeze you in there but that's understandable and we had a table for four for just the two of us so we had plenty of room.

One problem I had was that there was some dude with a giant snake standing RIGHT in front of the restaurant the entire time.  He had a microphone and a little speaker and he was trying to charge people to take a picture with him and his snake the whole time....that got annoying real fast.

The food was excellent!! We started out with a crabcake (they give you one medium sized crabcake) and it was pretty good, definitely not worth the $15 pricetag but I'm glad I tried it.  We shared a cup of the french onion soup too and it was pretty good.  I've never really been a big onion soup fan so I don't have much to compare it too but I heard it was good so we gave it a shot and I thought it was quite tasty.  I had the filet mignon and my fiance had the trout - I liked the filet way better but he said he thought the trout was just as good (I just like steak more than fish).  I really wanted to have dessert but I was just too full from everything else that I had to pass, but I'm sure it would have been delicious though.  I also opted out of having wine with dinner because I had been drinking all day, because you know, it's Vegas.  I'm definitely going to be back next time I'm in town and I'll probably have the filet again (it was just that good)!My boyfriend reserved this place for my birthday, and it was really a good choice! I love their daily soup and mussel! The light and candle was very romantic, but it was too dark to take a picture. Overall, I love this place.I had a really hard time letting my gal pal talk me into this location for a late breakfast.  When it comes to breakfast, I'm very simple, and when you stay simple, you can also stay pretty cheap.  Basically, I normally refuse to pay more than $10 for breakfast because the staples (bacon, eggs, toast, etc.) can be gotten pretty cheap at most restaurants.  When I took a look at the menu in advance, I sucked in a breath because yogurt alone was $5.  I perused the rest of the menu, and once we decided to commit, I landed on the bananas foster waffles with caramel sauce.  I cringed a little at the $13.95 price because I was expecting maybe 1-2 small waffles that were going to be "average."  I mean, there's only so much you can do with waffles, right?  Wrong.  There were 5 small waffles stacked on my plate covered with sautéed bananas and a rich - but not too sweet - caramel sauce.  On top of that, they served up a small boat of homemade whipped cream on the side.  Each bite was just as good as the one before.  A bite of perfectly cooked waffle, a slice of banana, swirl it in the caramel, and you're experiencing a perfect taste of waffle perfection.Been here twice and loved it both times. Really good French food and not outrageous on the prices. The crepes are great during lunch. Their oysters were so good but not as good as the ones in Paris. Ahh. Memories. Their dinner menu was good, and I would go there again probably more for lunch than dinner.We get a gift card for this restaurant every year for Christmas.....it's one of our favorites. Breakfast is awesome....steaks are divine!I still can't pronounce the name of this place.
Located in Paris hotel casino, this place is right near the entrance facing Las Vegas blvd.
A friend decided on this place because of the yelp ratings.
We came in with about 15-20 people around 4:30PM on a hot Saturday afternoon in the middle of July.
We were seated right away, service was great!
Glass was never empty and the servers were always around.
However, the food took a while, but this was a big group.

The fresh baguette was delicious!! Comes out hot and fresh =) yummm unlimited and free! Goes great with the butter and carrot thing.

Had a glass of sangria which was refreshing and yummy =) my friend bought a pitcher and the waiter was nice enough to offer to put more ice in it.

The menu had quite a few variety: seafood, steak, salad, and hamburgers. Price was decent for a nice restaurant. I would say everything was about $10-$30 a plate.
The oysters ($15) was so delicious! Very fresh and they had a great vinegar sauce to go along with the horseradish. Yummy!!

I ordered the prime medium well hamburger ($13) with grilled cheese, which came with a side of their frites. Hamburger was good. I loved the little pickles that came with it. The frite was yummy too, thin crispy french fries.

I had a bite of the scallops and it was amazing!! I loved it!

Overall I enjoyed our early dinner. I was super stuffed! I would come back again for the oysters and scallops!We went to Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas in November 2011. Everything was lovely. My husband had a steak and frites. I tried it and yum!  It was so good! I can't remember which steak he ordered, but it was excellent. I had the salmon and spinach salad. Also very good!  We sat on the patio and it was very pleasant.  The service was good, the food excellent, prices were really not bad for the ambience and quality of the food in combination with the kind staff. We had drinks. We also had dessert, which was quite rich!  Chocolate mousse as well as the profiteroles. What a lot of food!  We enjoyed our desserts with Gabi's house blend coffee. Overall a great experience and I can't wait to go back!Great place for date night in Vegas. The patio was perfect front row view of Bellagio fountains/water show. We got lucky because a street performer was located directly outside on the sidewalk and serenaded everyone with his soothing violin mix of easy listening. Service was prompt. Waitresses personality was a bit lackluster but the restaurant was busy and this IS vegas. Hard to get a lot of personality from most people  My boyfriend devoured the French bread that was accompanied by honey lemon butter. Gone. The carrot salad hors d'oeuvre was delicious. A bit random for me, but good nonetheless. I ordered the Béarnaise cooked medium. A little too pink for what I normally order but the was very flavorful and moist. I'm not huge fan of frites but once again, they disappeared. Overall was a great meal/experience.The food was SO good and not THAT pricey (for a good meal in Vegas).  You get started with a warm baguette.  YUM!  I had the classique steak with asparagus (my hubby ordered the mushrooms and we split sides). My kids had the burger (it came kinda rare for a kid meal) and the Mac and cheese.  He said it was too cheesy (blasphemy!).  It was white cheddar shells (like Panera) but not saucy.  You could see the melted shreds of cheese in it.  Both kid meals came with thinly sliced granny apple slices and green beans.

The steak was wonderful.  I actually think the green beans were the best side (I stole all of it off my kid's plate.). For sure will get those next time. We sat just inside from the patio.  We had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and folks walking by.  At about 6pm, the sun sets behind Bellagio so you are fine dining on the patio at after that time.  I heard a hostess tell another couple that they get busiest between 7 and 10 pm as they walked by our table.  We also had the creme brûlée for dessert.  A little too much lemon for my taste and it needed a side of berries or something.  (I know, I know, it's still creme brûlée!)

The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because our waitress disappeared midway through dinner and we had to ask a hostess for more iced tea.  Seriously, it was my last resort since I was so thirsty.  I was looking around for her when my glass was half full (or empty) and she never appeared until it was totally empty.  Other than that, service was good.Very awesome restaurant in all respects: good food, good service, good environment, etc. I had French just like three times before. Base on my limited experience, I always thought French comes with very small portion. I ordered the steak and my friend ordered seafood crepe and fish. They are all in huge portion, especially the steak! And they are delicious!!! The hand cut fries and French bread are great! 

If it's not too cold, try to seat outside. It's really romantic and you get to see the strip. 

I would give it a 4.5 star.I had the opportunity to go to Mon Ami Gabi in June with a colleague. The restaurant has a dark interior that I didn't notice as we sat in the area enclosed in windows. I will mention upfront that the bathroom is on the casino floor and not in the actual restaurant (not a problem, but confusing at first for some). 

We shared a seafood sampler platter that was fantastic, as was the main entrees we both had of steak and fries. We thought they might have mixed up our steak and it was a bit too late to notice once we dug in.

Overall, service was fine. Would I go back? Perhaps, but I'm going to check out some other restaurants first.It's one of my favorite resturants in las vegas. It's great for celebrating special occasions, it has outdoor seating facing the Bellagio fountain. The service is great and the food is so Delecious. 
The best appetizer is the warm brie cheese on bread with black pepper honey drizzle, roasted garlic and nuts. The flovars are great together. And the filet mignon frites with the Roquefort blue cheese sauce is the best.This is by far the best brunch place I've ever eaten in Vegas! Awesome food, reasonable price and most importantly, great service are the reasons that I will visit here again! We ordered Croque monsieur, which comes with handmade fries, and blueberry waffle and they are all recommended!DELICIOUS! Amazing food with an incredible view of the Ballagio fountains, not much else to say about the place. The food was outstanding and the service impeccable. Try the escargot and the steak frites!Great food with a great view! Time it right with the bellagio fountains!Fantastic view of the street characters posing for photos, sometimes the sound of the Bellagio Fountains get in the way of their haggling tourist.

Best listened to over a bowl of their amazing French Onion Soup and a Caesar Salad!On this beautiful sunny day, we made our stop at this famed restaurant again.  I love everything about this restaurant!

We had steak sandwich, great!
We had smoked salmon open face sandwich, delish!
We are home now, my kid still talk about their smoked salmon.  

When I think about this restaurant, I think about white gossamer, elegant tea set, pink  petti-tutu, purple haze lavender... Such a romantic place!

Mon Ami Gabi, I am forever ur fan!I wish I had something really original to say about this place, but I don't.  I can only speak for brunch: This place is good at what it does--feeds large groups of people at mass-market luxury-ish-affordable-ish prices. 

The eggs florentine dish is beautifully presented; if you wanted to only eat with your eyes, this restaurant would be the place to do it.  I looked over at what everyone else was eating--everyone's dishes looked beautiful against the eggshell-white plates and French bistro backdrop.

Bon appetit.I took my girlfriend and her brother here at 3PM on a Wednesday for a late lunch, with no reservations. We were seated in a bright, open section by the strip with absolutely no delay. 

The first thing I noticed was the beautiful French style decor. I'm a fan of art noveau so this was delightful for me. The table settings, the view of Bellagio's fountains, and people-watching opportunities were all great. Plus, the tablecloth is paper, so I was able to doodle goofy things on it. I know.. not the most important part of a review, but I can find amusement anywhere!

Our servers were attentive, nice, and helpful. Upon request, we received a gluten free menu (gf is gf - mild allergy.) They brought some fantastic gluten-free toast as well! 

We ordered Skate Wing, Salmon with Quinoa, and a side of Ratatouille - all magnificent and delivered with surprising speed. This was my first time having Skate - I set my fork down and paused just to savor the first bite. Lovely. 

Worth the considerable bill!I love this place!  I've eaten here twice and both times have been tres magnifique.  Both times I had the skate which was unique and well prepared.  I can't wait to go back.I am not exactly sure how these updates work or where exactly you'll read this (after my original one?).  Who cares as long as you find it!

I consider myself a Vegas pro.  And each meal is a precious time slot in my vacation agenda...one false move and it's been wasted!  

Knowing that, you can appreciate that I tell you now that I usually go to Mon Ami Gabi everyday for breakfast when I'm in Vegas.  Remember...precious time slots...you can see I'm a fan.

Why you should spend your precious time slot here:
-Go anytime during the day.  Any meal is good here
-Breakfast is a fantastic way to start your day overlooking the Bellagio Waters and enjoying a gourmet breakfast for a value price ($12-20 per person).
-Ambiance is elegant, bright and you do feel as if you're in a french bistro
-The service is quick and attentive
-The food is yummy and they offer lots of different options
-For my fellow Gluten Free/Dairy Free friends, this place is the BEST.  They have options and they will work with you to modify the menu and not treat you like you are annoying...after all, we're not annoying, we just know what our tummy's like and don't like.
-Location, central to strip.  It's a great place to have a meal because it's so central to the strip.  You can get to wherever you want to go next easily.  

What you should keep in mind:
-MAKE A RESERVATION.  Please don't ignore this tip.
-If you want to sit on the Patio (and you DO want to sit on the patio), you may have to wait longer.  It's worth it.  Just wait.  And it's heated, so don't worry if it's cold outside.
-The Paris hotel is not a bad place to stay, you may consider staying here and having this restaurant right there!The dishes are consistently delicious, the service is excellent and the location is terrific. I suggest outdoor seating. The view of the water show can be enjoyed during lunch or dinner. Mon Ami Gabi is a rare value driven, "on the strip" restaraunt. There are many places on the Strip as good but will cost 40-60%.This is a perfect choice for breakfast and lunch. It's centrally located on the strip with easy access from the surrounding bridges from the surrounding hotels. 

We  visited for breakfast,  it's on a first come first serve basis for the patio seating. All parties must be present and visible to be seated. THE OUTDOOR PATIO SEATING IS A MUST! it sits pre isely across the street from the bellagio  fountain for your viewing pleasure. 

The service is strategic and fast. Once your seated your swarmed with servers and bussers  to get you settled In very fast. Which I like, because I hate waiting for beverages. 

The food was great. They have gluten free options and they will make modifications for your order. 

Love this place and I will visit again !I think this is one of my new favorite restaurants ever. The setting is very romantic, the location is convenient, the food is delicious, and it is not prohibitively expensive. The service was a little inconsistent, as our waiter was a little abrupt and unprofessional, but the other employees were very friendly and quick to keep our water glasses full and clear plates. 

We made a reservation through Yelp for 8 p.m. with only an hour's notice on a Friday night with no problems. That turned out to be a great decision, as there was a long line for walk-ins around then, and we were seated right away. 

The baguette and butter served before our meal was delicious, but we were smart to limit the bread - the steak frites we both ordered were delicious and way too big to finish. We also shared a shrimp cocktail, which was the best I've ever tasted. 

We skipped dessert, but I'm sure everything on the dessert menu is delicious.Awesome location, food, and service for any meal of the day. Great vegetarian options and the wine list rocks.On the patio, watching the Bellagio Fountains, sampling Fine Wine and French Onion Soup....what a great way to spend an afternoon.My favorite restaurant on the strip! I visit this place every time I'm in Vegas. It's a French restaurant with breakfast lunch and dinner. It's pricy but good. They have the outdoor patio seating but it's very good. I honestly prefer inside the green room. Plus there's hardly a wait for in door.We came here for breakfast, but arrived not long after they'd switched over to lunch menus.  Our waitress had no problem bringing us a breakfast menu, and that just made my day! 

Ordered their smoked salmon benedict that comes with (what the menu calls) "potatoes" ... but please know that they mean "hashbrowns."  Not a bad thing, but "potatoes" to me says something else entirely; I guess I just visualize large chunks not shavings, besides, most places will state "hashbrowns" if that's what they serve.  Okay, done with the dang potatoes!  

We also ordered the baked scallops gratineés, a side of date-glazed, thick-cut bacon as well as cappuccinos (which were very small in quantity, but good).  Just don't expect to get your caffeine fix with one.  

Service was great, everything we ordered tasted absolutely delicious, and the only slight issue that arose was quickly & thoroughly rectified far beyond our expectations!!  

Definitely stop here while you're in vegas!  I know I'm going back whenever I'm in Vegas again :)I don't know what it is about this place. I always want to dine here when I'm in Vegas. I have relatively no desire to dine at its sister restaurants in Reston and Bethesda. They pale in comparison to Vegas. The service here is always phenomenal, the food stellar. They have a varied wine list, but their "frangria" (sangria) is what brings us here. Yes, not the steaks. The sangria. Most places either add too much wine (a rare instance but not necessarily a bad thing), too much fruit/juice, or water it down with ice. This french bistro chain gets it right, the perfect ratio with fresh sprigs of rosemary to give it that je ne sais quoi. They've raised the price of the sangria to $19, but it's still reasonably priced compared to wine by the glass or half-bottle.

For an appetizer, I ordered the roasted sweet potato soup. This is one of those entrees with a pretentious presentation, but Mon Ami Gabi tones it down a touch. My server sets an average-sized bowl at the table and has a tea kettle that dispenses my soup. It's then garnished with a toasted orange meringue. My friend went simple and decided to get the handmade potato chips with dip. The chips were ridged, crispy and not greasy, and tasted great with my soup.

Their steaks are too thin for me, and I am not a fan of their steak frites. The filet mignon is good but I didn't want to spend too much on dinner, so I got the Seared Sea Scallops with spinach, whipped cauliflower, and brown butter. Four fat diver scallops, cooked to perfection, drizzled with brown butter and garnished with parsley. Add some lemon juice and it was divine. My friend ordered Beef Bourguignon (slow braised in red wine, buttered noodles, bacon, mushrooms). She really couldn't taste the bacon but the beef was very tender. She is a big fan of short ribs so this dish was right up her alley.

We were too full to get dessert and later wandered into Paris to gamble and I won $6 from the penny slots! We have never had an issue walking in without reservations but we generally go to dinner earlier in the night and we're just a party of two. I would recommend reservations for larger parties. All in all, a good night, and we'll certainly be back.My favorite meal in Vegas, especially for breakfast.  Ideal location across from Bellagio.A shout out to Martin, our server, for making our dining experience extra special!

Request patio seating - you'll love watching the Bellagio Fountain performance while you dine.  

I had the trout, it was delicious. I wanted a light meal and this was perfect. It was a thin, tender and very moist - I particularly enjoyed the pan seared flavor and crusted buttery edges! 

My wife and I were celebrating our anniversary there and they made it extra special by surprising us with a complimentary dessert. 

Martin also made sure we were promptly served in order to make our show at Bellagio.great location for people watching and seeing the water show across at the Bellagio. Great waiter. Helped us pick out favorites from the menu. Will make it a point to return to this place when in Vegas.We went to Mon Ami Gabi 2 years ago in a perfect August evening and the place was full of people. We waited for the patio like 30 minutes which I thought was fine considering the crowd. It was worth the wait. We had our table next to the street and the Bellagio waterworks was a spectacular view from where we sat. As for the service, they are very kind and helpful to recommend good stuff on the menu. We took the oignon soup which was perfect and had steak which I can't remember the name right now. What I remember is everything was perfect and we had a great time, thanks for the wonderful experience.My meal at Mon Ami Gabi can be summed up in one word : TENDER.

Tender is a strange word on its own, but when combined with other words like filet and mignon it is perfection.

A group of 6 of us arrived to the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant on a Friday night (with a reservation, which I highly recommend), and waited about 15 minutes to get a table.  They have a huge outdoor seating area, but we requested to sit indoors because it was in the triple digits outside.  We were sat in the area adjacent to the patio, which ironically was really chilly and a number of people around us felt the same way.  Beware the breezy area betwixt the outside HEAT and the a/c CHILL from inside.

Anyhow, the food was AMAZING.  HIghlights were the fromage appetizer with a blend of yummy cheeses, and the amazement that was the Filet Mignon with Merlot butter sauce.  

If you get the server known as 'Georgie,' you'll be in for a treat.  She was absolutely lovely, and took the time to explain many things to us, from drinks to entrees.  She was awesome.

Overall, an awesome experience.. and I'll say it again.. the Filet Mignon was perfect, juicy and tender.  And I do love me tender..Mon ami, indeed!  We wanted a nice breakfast before heading out to the Hoover Dam, so we bypassed the buffet and came to Mon Ami.  We got the crepes and quiche... and lots and lots of coffee.  Our server was fantastic and the room is just charming.  It was a lovely way to start our day.  That same night, we were hungry, but not starving.  Where to go?  Back to Mon Ami Gabi!  We grabbed two stools at the bar and ordered the amazing French onion and a warm baguette.  Perfect!  Also perfect?  My bourbon and Coke was only $6.  It was hard to find just a soda for that price in Vegas, let alone a perfectly mixed drink.  Well done, my friend.Great Al fresco dining , Good food, great selection, awesome bread, we eat here at least three time a month!Good enough to go twice on my trip to Vegas.  I fell in love with the brie and spinach crepe and the cheese board appetizer.  Staff is also very knowledgeable about wine.

Even on a 115 degree day, the patio is comfortable enough to eat on and it's really the only place in Vegas where you can eat outside on the Strip.  Great view of the Bellagio as well.Such a cute restaurant on the strip!

A friend recommended that I visit this place, and I'm glad I did. If you're not picky about where you sit (patio vs inside), I highly suggest making a reservation. My boyfriend and I had reservations at 6pm on a Friday night, and it was already pretty busy. There was a couple in front of us without reservations, and they had to wait 30-45 minutes for a table. 

My boyfriend and I got lucky, and we were seated by the window that looks out to the Bellagio fountains. It was a very romantic, intimate setting with only candlelights lighting the restaurant. 

We both ordered steak frites: the Bordelaise (carmelized onion & red wine sauce), and the Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction). Both were very good, but Filet Mignon Merlot was our favorite. The frites were more like crispy potato chips than fries, but they were very good. 

For dessert we ordered the profiteroles. The portion was HUGE. Between two people we could only eat about 2/3 of it. The pastry was a bit dry to me, so I wouldn't recommend this particular dessert. 

Overall, great food and service in a romantic setting. Worth the visit here if you want to wine and dine in Las Vegas.This place is great for people who need to eat Gluten Free, but still want a nice dinner on the strip. Great selection on their gluten free menu, but not much for vegan. The servers were very understanding and accommodating. And you can't beat that view! Eat on the porch and watch the Bellagio water show every 15 minutes!Great food for the price 
Good service. 
Would have gave it 5 stars but we ordered the beef Wellington which they said the had and then they came back 15 min later saying they were sold out and quickly look for our decision on something else. 

All in all pretty decent for being on the heart of the strip and not being too much of a rip off 

The beef tartar and the duck confit were awesome.This spot is on point. Great steak, great service and great ppl. 

To start off, I had reservations for 3 for dinner before heading to the airport. Thought to ourselves, why dont we have a nice lil dinner before my friends and I all head home from a weekend of partying.  We checked in with the hostess in front and shorty after we were taken to our seats.  We were seated in the patio which was great cause we had a front row seat of the bellagio water show:) and of course every 5 mins we were greeted by the drunks walking by with a "woohoo I'm drunk" lol classic Vegas! 

Now onto the food and service. Our waiter came by gave us bread and butter to start off and told us the special of the day.for appetizer we got escargot. Mmm delish! For my main course I got steak bordelaise. Which was also yum Yums (caramelized onions and red wine sauce Mmm) and can't forget the glass of red wine. 

I can't believe I didn't try this place sooner. Prices were lower than what I expected. I Definitely Had a great time here:)Food: The rest of my group didn't love their food here, but I thought my roast chicken with frites was delicious! The chicken was nice and moist and the frites were great to munch on! The bread before our meal was also great, fresh out of the oven.

Price: Not bad at all. My meal was around $25 or so...most dishes were $40 and under. 

Service: Service here was good. Our server was friendly and took care of us.

Atmosphere: Nice and intimate. You can also dine ouside right across from the Bellagio fountains. I liked dining inside though, it was nice and warm.

Location: Located in Paris right in front.Fabulous and one of the highlights of our trip. We didn't have a reservation, but the wait wasn't too long (35 mins or so at 6:30PM) to be on the patio (which is the best place to be given the weather and people watching aspect). We had the French Onion Soup and warm brie to start - they were to die for!! For the main entree, we got the skate wing which was delicious. The only downfall was the steak bernaise - it was too finely "pounded" and thus no way for it to be cooked medium rare. It had no taste since it couldn't be cooked properly and our server agreed and had it taken off the bill. I would recommend the filet or any other cut of meat other than the hanger steaks that they offer. Service was excellent and I will absolutely be back.Here is very nice place. You can see Bellagio water show and many people. Waiter and waitress are very kind. They are professional. I had a steak, it was so good. I highly recommend to have a steak than others. In my opinion, night time view is better than daytime. One thing, this place is packed all the time, so that they are super busy.I swear I thought this place was a Korean restaurant, where some immigrants couldn't spell "Galbi" correctly in English. Heh, jokes on me now. I def didn't take French class back in school. Anyways, went here for a birthday celebration. 

Fresh baked free bread- 3 star. It was good, but I've had better. Why couldn't they make this better considering that it's a French resto?

Bone-in rib-eye- 5 star. It was a tad tad tad bit overly seasoned (with salt) but it was cooked to perfection, with charring on the outside. I had mine medium rare, and it was delicious. The fries (think french fry chips) were okay. I wish they'd stick with regular pomme frites. The burnaise sauce was SOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOD. Dip that meat in the sauce and it's a game changer! 

Caramelized scallops with pumpkin puree and brussel sprouts- 4 star. The scallops were OK. It was delicious, but scallops are scallops no matter where you go I guess, as long as it's cooked correctly. The standout is the BRUSSEL SPROUTS that were included. This is what brought the dish up from a 2 to a 4 star. 
They were the BEST Brussel Sprouts I have EVER had in my life. It was charred on the edges, and just enough crunch to make this pungent veggie go from nasty to 
fantabulous. You can order these as a side. 

Mussels Mariniere (white wine and herbs) - 3 stars. I wish there was a bit more lemon or garlic flavor in the sauce. It was OK for me. I couldn't even taste the saffron (or maybe it wasn't even in it?) 

Macaroni Gratin- 3 star. This was good, but a very tiny portion as a side for $7.95. It wasn't spectacular or memorable, and I'd skip this next time. Plus, it's carby...I just did you a huge favor. 

Free dessert for my bday- some Eclair with ice cream. Meh, but it was free. 

As strange as this may sound, I'd go back here JUST to eat the brussels sprouts. I'm drooling thinking of this veggie that normally smells like someone let out a huge fart and left it lingering for a hot minute. I have been "de-traumatized" via the Mon Ami Gabi experience.Delicious and great service!  Solid wine list.  

The French onion soup is some of the best I've ever had. Salads are delicious.  Great atmosphere, too.

They have a long line of heaters for outdoor seating (thank god, because it FREEZES in the winter!!).We went there for dinner after our wedding.  We had 15 people in our party and got served with no problems and our server was great!
 My mother and I started with the mussels as an app and they were HUGE, and weren't gritty at all.  Prices aren't too bad, especially for the quality of food and service.  So glad we picked this place.  Next time I want to go earlier during the day so i can try the crepes.I never realize how much I missed French style beefsteak. So so good.
It's a bit pricey, but we would love to come back here more and more and...moreFabulous breakfast today. We sampled crepes, quiche, steak and eggs Benedict. Go for breakfast on the patio. You wont be disappointed!This place is such an awesome dinner option on the strip. Really delicious French bistro food at a great price. View of the Bellagio fountain show from the patio, although they only accept reservations inside, if you get the right table you can still see the show.

But the real show is the food. Steak frites, fresh fish, oysters on the half shell, delicious soups and a really great wine list with variety and affordable options. Love this place.My second visit here and it deserves a review. For starters this is a very cute Parisian place to get brunch with friends and family on the strip. Great atmosphere and service, located at the Paris Casino. I always make reservations via the Yelp app and it's the best way to reserve a spot without waiting for an hour or so. This place can get busy, so plan ahead! Do sit outside in the patio to enjoy the view of the Bellagio and the tourists walking around. Today was cold but they had heaters outside, so it was pleasant to enjoy the first day of the new year and cold winter of Vegas. I ordered cappuccino for my drink, it was delicious. Then we were served warm French baguette. My mom and I decided to go surf and turf style. We ordered the Lobster Roll sandwich. It is a cold sandwich and deliciously marinated. For our turf we ordered Prime Steak sandwich. Literally the meat melts in your mouth, and the fries on the side were yummy. Last time I tried the Classic Quiche which is phenomenal as well. The menu is not overwhelming, and experience has shown that you can order anything from the menu and you will be a happy person! Satisfaction guaranteed. Happy eating!Go and get the outdoor seating(do reservations!). The food was great I got the scallop taste really good. The service was awesome too!Came here on either my second or third day in Las Vegas.  Was looking for something light while I boozed prior to going out that night.  We sat outside watching the traffic on the strip and across the street with the fountain.  Temps were pretty cool outside that evening for how hot it was in the afternoon, obviously being assisted with artificially cooled air.  Beyond the comfortable people watching, we had a few glasses of wine and then I made the french onion soup with gruyere and the tomato salad with Roquefort my dinner choices for the evening.

Got exactly what I expected, a quick light bite to eat prior to getting started with more spirited drinking.  I think everyone else enjoyed their food for the most part.  Would definitely stop back again, as it's pretty cheap for the strip in reality and pretty inline with a lot of other comparable options along this block or three.The service wasn't great, but the food, my god..... was.

I had the Filet with Merlot butter and I have been dreaming of it ever since. The wine selection is extensive and for that- I like as well. The pricing was decent for the quality and amount. I will for sure be back!

Tip: if you pass up the Mashed Cauliflower... there is seriously something wrong with you. It was heaven on a plate. Mmmmm...Had a delicious meal here the other day! For lunch we has the escargot, chicken pate, the skate, and a steak!! All on point!  We also enjoyed the classic profiteroles and some espresso for dessert, again, delicious! Service was great as well! My favorite part might be all the fresh baguette they bring you.... Keep it coming!We went here for breakfast and it was amazing! The atmosphere and the service was superb. The food was outstanding! Had a French waitress. We had a French waitress and really did feel like we were in a café in France but the menu definitely had some American choices which was great for us. On my husband had a lox eggs Benedict which he says was incredible. I had eggs and the most delicious fresh toast with homemade jam! It comes with fresh vegetables and fruit Yum! The coffee was to die for! We will definitely go back here again!Great view when dining on the patio, lovely French atmosphere, and good food. The warm baguette was delicious as well as the sea bass special for lunch. Service was a little hit-or-miss which is why it's not 5 stars.Great breakfast and a perfect view of the Strip.  Get there early or make reservations to get a nice spot outside.Had another great meal and oustanding view from this restaurant on a recent trip to Vegas.  We had a large party of 7 and sat oustide on the patio on a nice spring evening.  You simply can't beat the location and view of this restaurant, right across from the Bellagio fountains.  The food is pretty good, not cheap, but not too expensive either.  Definitely not your typical snooty upscale Vegas dining.  The portions are reasonably sized and priced ($20-$30), with steak, seafood, and even a few pasta options.  I had the steak frite, medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly, relatively tender (it's not a filet, but wasn't bad), and seasoned well.  The dinner and selections worked out really well for both the grandparents and kids.  Very versatile.
Positives: Excellent location and view of the Bellagio fountains.  Recommend eating on the patio (no reservations accepted, supposedly).
Negatives: The wait for patio can be long....we were told about 15-30 minutes, ended up taking 45-60 minutes to get a table.  But it was worth it!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas, you can save some money for the casinos, get a reasonableI am addicted to the restaurant...I can't stay away from it whenever I visit Las Vegas!  I've been for breakfast and lunch and I LOVE it!  The Steak Frite Roquefort melts in your mouth and the Banana Crepe dessert is to die for!  There is a great view of the strip and the service is spectacular!  Definitely give it a try during a break from gamblijng...you'll be addicted too!We went here for our anniversary and everything was fantastic. We learned that a reservation does not mean anything if you want to sit on the patio.  The wait was about 40 minutes which was no big deal.  The Paris has plenty of entertainment and we listened to a band perform.  Our table (115) was slightly on the side but right near the railing with a perfect view.

Speaking of perfect, our server Krisha was amazing.  She explained the menu very well along with the specials.  She was very busy but took excellent care of us the 90 minutes we were there.  She even took a couple pictures of us with the fountains in the background and brought us a complimentary dessert for our anniversary.

All of the food was very good.  I had the fillet and my wife had the strip steak.  The butternut squash and macaroni & cheese sides were also great.  We had two loafs of the French bread and they were both warm and delicious.

The overall service and experience was amazing.  We look forward to returning again in the near future.This was probably the dining highlight of our entire Vegas vacation.  Our waiter Matthew was very friendly and brought with him some very enthusiastic suggestions.  These included:

- The Scallop appetizer

- The Filet Mignon with merlot wine sauce reduction 

- The New York Strip with a special mushroom sauce.

- Off-menu creme brulee.

He was bang on with every suggestion.... (especially that filet mignon-  the sauce was buttery ecstasy!) though the kitchen was out of the creme brulee necessities so he gave us a dessert of our choice and comped it.    We chose the bananas foster and would declare it a victory.  After a glass of madeira the bill came out to $100 plus tip and in Vegas I'd call it a darn good value.Mon Ami is my go to Vegas strip lunch spot. Great food, great service, and if you can catch a spot on the balcony great people watching. The food is classic French fare. I recommend the steak frites or a quiche. Be sure to grab a glass of French wine with your meal. Mon Ami has yet to disappoint!We are members of the Lettuce Entertain You rewards club, so we come here at least 4 times a year, even though it is a half hour drive from our house. The filet with merlot butter/ red wine reduction sauce is my favorite item on the menu. Each steak come with the most delicious tiny little French fries (frites) and you will eat every last bite of them. The last two times we were there (my birthday and valentines day) we had the same server, Demetri, and he clearly loves his job! We never feel like we are a burden on the wait staff, they enjoy working at their restaurant just as much as we do dining there. My one and only complaint is that the valet at Paris is usually full and if you have to park in the garage you need to give yourself 10 extra minutes to get to your reservation on time. I guess that's called a "first world problem". Oh well.On a weekend trip to Vegas, we stayed at Paris hotel. This is right in the hotel! We went on a Saturday night, later. It is really cool if you can sit on the patio, because you can watch the fountain show at the Bellagio! Very cool. However, it was definitely full. We made reservations in the morning and we still had to wait for about 20 minutes. Don't even think about going without reservations unless you can wait for over an hour. I had the Hangar steak. It was SOOO good. I would definitely recommend. Other dishes at the table included one of their specials for the night (Salmon and Pasta/Vegetables) and a Salmon, Spinach and Baby Kale salad. I didn't try those, but they said that they loved their dishes! I would DEFINITELY go back!One of our touchstones in Vegas. Consistent, well priced fare. Good place to chill and relax while watching the Fountains at Bellagio in the background. Not fussy but not a diner. Bistro vibe in a restaurant setting.Food was amazing and atmosphere was even better!! We ate everything! Service was good also except a little slow to take our order, but the place was PACKED!! So it was totally understandableWe've been here a few times on our trips to Vegas, and each meal has been great.  Compared to other prices in Vegas for meals, this restaurant is a great value, and the salmon/rice entree was particularly good.  The ambiance is always good, and the people watching right on the strip from the outdoor seating can't be beat.  Highly recommend.I have been here twice. The first time I came I got the cheese plate, trout, and the warm chocolate tart for dessert. I absolutely loved the cheese plate. The cheeses were served with a sprinkle of honey on top in addition to some nuts and raisin nut bread. The cheese just melts in your mouth and the combination of the nuts and honey make it awesome. The trout was cooked just right with a some toasted almonds on top,and the chocolate tart was the perfect way to end the meal. The second time I went was this past weekend. I knew that it was famous for its steak, so I decided to order one. I ordered the steak bordelaise which is steak topped with a carmelized onion red wine sauce. This dish was to die for. The steak was juicy and tender, and it had great flavoring. It came with a side of hand-cut frites which were also really good. The service was great both times. Definitely coming back my next trip to vegas.How can you not love this place??!! This is in my top three restaurants in Las Vegas. We have eaten here maybe 5 or 6 times and each time has been wonderful. Some of the best service we've had. Last time or server was a older gentleman with a heavy French accent. Very friendly and accommodating to some things that we ordered that were not on the menu. 

We've had steaks, white fish (light breading), salmon, crepes, salads, and this last time an omelet. All of it has been great. I'm not a big "Frites" fan and so I usually substitute mashed potatoes. I learned this last time that the potatoes are so good because of all the cream and butter that goes into it. Good for you....No. Great tasting....absolutely! 

The atmosphere is fantastic with the Bellagio fountain show directly across the street. At night you can see the shows every 15 minutes. The restaurant itself is very classy looking and romantic. It has the look - and location- of an expensive place but the prices are surprisingly moderate - steaks in the low 20's, fish in the high teens and lunch crepes with a salad for about $12.

Oh, and not to be gross, be sure to check out the restrooms just behind the restaurant.  They have a recording playing of pick up lines and things you'll hear at the Paris.  It's English, then translated into French.  It is quit funny and amusing.  I learned how to say: "If you were a sandwich, you'd be a Mc-Babe with Cheese." and "Your father must have been a baker, 'cause you've got nice buns".  So, if I ever go to France, I'll have some French under my belt.   Hey!! That sounds like a pick up line right there!!My ultimate favorite ! I can go there all the time. Sit on the patio, watch the bellagio water show. Excellent service. Can't count how many times I have been there and receive the same wonderful service. Love Mon Ami Gabi love France Paris where you can fall in loveThis place never disappoints!  Whether breakfast, lunch or dinner, the food is always hot, fresh, delicious and the service is superb!  The outdoor patio is the best for the Strip people watching and the Fountains at Bellagio.  

You can't go wrong with any of the eggs Benedict, but try the special of the day as those are always a good choice.  The macaroni gratin is delicious, not overly cheesy; the smoked salmon is always tasty, not too smokey.  Any of the steak frites are great choices as well.  

Overall, great food, ambiance and atmosphere.  Definitely worth the wait!I love this place and with so many bad food places in Vegas robbing us of our hard earned money Mon Ami Gabi lifted my spirits.

By bf and I decided to sit inside because it was cooler than sitting on the patio and not too busy. We were seated in the the dining area just before the cafe. It was a lovely spot because the sunlight was streaming in and it looked like a beautiful, peaceful atmosphere to have lunch in.

Our waiter greeted us and we ordered right away; my bf ordered the Steak Frites and I ordered the Salmon dish. The wait was a bit long but nonetheless we were expecting the best from previous reviews. The dishes arrived and my bf received a beautiful juicy steak (order it medium) with a side of crispy potato "fries". Then the waiter grabs a dish of heaping mussels!!!! I thought to myself, "Am I really going to have to eat this?" since I'm not usually a person to complain at restaurants and actually considered just eating it. I kindly told the server, not our waiter, that I had ordered the Salmon. He said he would check with the waiter. The waiter came over and apologized claiming the buttons are right next to each other and had accidentally pressed the wrong button. Eek! Expensive mistake.

I did wait for my salmon to be cooked and it did feel like it took a long time. I tried my bf's steak and I melted... trying to save my appetite I only had a few more bites but I was hooked. My salmon arrived and it was delicious! It had green peas, snow peas, in a "green" sauce. I'm not really sure how to describe it. It was light, refreshing, and the salmon was flakey. After we finished our meals, our waiter came back and offered to order us a dessert on the house. My bf and I shared the creme brulee which we were originally wanting to order but decided not to. Not it was free! It was a little over done as the crust layer was hard like candy, not slightly crusted, but I was just so happy that they acknowledged the mistake and comped us. Everything was wonderful and I will go back.

P.S. When I came back home to LA, I gushed to a friend that I went to this place for lunch and she claimed that her mother always eats there when in Vegas because the food is so good. Score!Went here for breakfast one early morning and had a great mimosa along with a wonderful breakfast and great views of the strip!  The 5 Star rating speaks more the to wonderful time (including the food and service) and over-all experience rather than just the food.This is the perfect place for a dinner date! My boyfriend took me here on our anniversary so that we could eat at a classy restaurant and watch the Bellagio water show across the street. Our server was very friendly, the steak was amazing, and the price is pretty good (by Vegas standards). I've seen from other reviews that brunch is also apparently great here so I'll definitely be coming back someday to give it a try.Worth the wait for patio seating.  Food is good but not gourmet. Steaks-yes! Frites-no.  Good service and ambiance.  Enjoy the people watching and light show across the street.  Tasty appetizers and gr8 Desserts. On a beautiful morning you can't to breakfast on this patio.The best place for dinner on the strip.

The patio.  That's where it's at.  

Sit on the patio.  Take in the view of the Bellagio water show.  Right from your table.  

Order the steak & frites.  

If this combination doesn't make you happy, then you'd have to be a very, very unhappy person.

It's Parisian & romantic.  It actually feels like you're not in Las Vegas at all.

The Bellagio music serenades you.  The show beautifully entertains you.  The steak & frites & their overall awesomeness impress you.  This dish is top notch.  A perfect steak & perfectly crispy fries.  I couldn't believe how good it was.  A dinner full of happy moments.  

An actually intimate dinner outside on the strip?  Yes.  Right here.  A breath of fresh air all the way around.

5 stars.I've always been a fan of Lettuce Entertain You restaurants, and Mon Ami Gabi is no different.  Service and food is excellent and it is a pretty good value, considering (NY Strip for $30? That is about 20-50% less than most other steak places).  Decor is dim and French in style, and the view out the front leads right to the fountains of the Bellagio, which provide ample entertainment on 30 minute intervals during the meal. 

The food is delicious, definitely recommend the baked cheese appetizer.  Steaks were good, and when I asked for some fresh cut horseradish, that is exactly what I got, not the creamed variety that often arrives.

A nice, clean, civilized restaurant in the heart of Vegas, not bad.Very quick, good food, good wines, and your final bill will be much lower than other restaurants right on the Strip
The outdoor patio is all the rage but you will probably have to wait for a while
Indoor seating is very nice and not too noisyWe had just arrived in Vegas on a Thursday afternoon and wanted our first meal after flying all morning to be great. Mon Ami Gabi did not disappoint. We arrived around 2PM and were seated at an outside table with a fantastic view of The Eiffel and of he Strip for prime people watching. Service was attentive. Food was quite yummy. We ordered a new drink on the menu that had lavender, pineapple and vodka. It was so divine we had two (first bartender made it better than the second). 

We kept it simple with a shrimp cocktails appetizer (fresh, plump and succulent) and with burgers which came with their hand cut fries. Delicious and believe me, it is in fact easy to mess up a burger. The hand cut fries were perfect for snacking on later in the day. 

I wish I had been brave enough to order the lobster roll. Something tells me they would have in fact done it justice. Highly recommend this place.Just got off the plane and headed over immediately. We had a prior reservation for 10:15 but were pleasantly surprised to be seated immediately despite being 30 minutes early.

The food is just out-of-this-world amazing. The ham and cheese omelette was extremely fluffy with a nice layer of melted cheese right in the middle. The hollandaise sauce on the eggs Benedict wasn't too overpowering. But the best part of the plates probably was the sides--the house made potatoes/hash was stunning. Would definitely love to come back for dinner someday.PROS:
-Mid upscale restaurant on the strip = affordable
-Best steaks!
-Beautiful outdoor patio seating
-LOVE the decor and ambience :) 
-Awesome service

FOOD 5/5:
-Baked Goat Cheese ($12.95): Wow this was a delicious appetizer. Hot goat cheese with tomato soup dipped in garlic bread. YUM
-Escargot ($16.95): The escargots has a lot of garlic flavors. Many people are reluctant to try these because they are snails but HONESTLY they are DELICIOUS. If you ever had mussels it has the same texture/taste. 
-Cesar Salad ($13.95): The best cesar salad! Must get!
-Fliet Mignon Merlot ($38.95): This was HEAVENLY! I got it medium rare, and it seriously is so soft. The merlot sauce paired with it is perfect. This was my PERSONAL FAVORITE! Yes it looks pretty small but you seriously don't need more than that. It's filling.
-Bone-in Ribeye ($40.95): This was LUSCIOUS. It is huge! I asked for the steak merlot sauce because I didn't like the sauce that came with the ribeye. Best ribeye I've tasted.

DESSERTS 5/5:
-Chocolate Mouse: My favorite dessert here. So fluffy and soft. I don't like super sweet desserts, so this was amazing :)
-Creme brulee: Rich and tasty!

TIPS:
-If you do reservations, it's only for the GENERAL inside only. They don't allow reservations outside because it's 1st come 1st serve. There's usually always a wait during busy hours!!There is nothing better than sitting outside with your girlfriends drinking champagne eating onion soup and watching the water show at the Bellagio as the afternoon goes by. This is the best patio in Las Vegas. Is it the best French food in the world? No, but hey we are not in Paris anyway. So go, immediately and sit outside on the patio or have brunch on Sunday under the Atrium. Even if you can only stop in for a drink at the bar facing the strip you will be glad you made the effort of finding it. That is a Parisian experience for sure!! 
And in the more traditional event that you would like to eat dinner inside, that too is a romantic endeavor and one that will light your faces up by candlelight and be a beautiful dinner, I promise.
If you would like to sit outside it is the only thing that a reservation is not good for. You must come and sign up as they do not hold tables for anyone. However sometimes I will admit to making a reservation, and then if the wait isn't that long canceling it to sit outside. I know it may be wrong, but you have to know how to work the system to get a good table!!!!!OMgeeee I totally meet up with Bryant M, The fabuleux CM from Columbus Ohio here. Je suis obsédé par lui so Mon Ami Gabi was the perfect place for a tête-à-tête! He said it was better than dining with Brittany, who's giant mug was plastered nearby, I beg to differ but was flattered all the same! (No one beats the queen of pop. No one.) 

We cozied up on the patio around 8 ish (So early for Vegas! Mon Dieu!) but the plentiful coffee and juices quickly revived us. He was on a trip to SF, our mother ship, and I was in town for a Yelper Party (Hi Vegas Elites!) so we arranged this run in. Early means it was still cool out and not too busy, as this restaurant is smack dab in the middle of the strip. I suggest reservations regardless: It filled up by the time we finished (10 ish). 

I had a delightful ham and cheese crepe, the sauce was delicious and I ordered a crisp on the outside, soft on the inside baguette with plenty of butter (Dont judge me!) My dining companion enjoyed his meal as well! 

As with all yummy things on the strip, it was expensive for what it was. But that's Vegas amores! One of the better meals I've had on the strip in my many visits.I had the skinny cinnamon pancake and it was amazing! My mom had the blue berry french toast and my sister had the kale salad. The skinny pancake and french toast came with fresh whipped cream and syrup which wasn't needed. The waiter Enfrain was very nice and friendly. Honestly the portion was perfect for getting started with a busy day in Vegas! Will definitely come back!My favorite breakfast place on the strip. I get the Croque Madame every time! Great bloody Mary's, great staff, beautiful restaurant, & a great view of the Bellagio & the fountains from the patio.j'adore mon ami gabi. i eat here every single time i'm in vegas and whether it's been sitting on the patio, or inside near the windows, it's been excellent. awesome location on the strip with a front row seat of the bellagio fountains. the french onion soup is very well done and the steak frites are magic! my favorites are the filet mignon merlot with butter and a red wine reduction, and the hanger steak with merlot butter. the restaurant is huge, but the service is always great. a consistent favorite over the years (and through the hangovers!)My boyfriend had never tried escargot, so you bet I took him here! 

Inside is very romantic and quiet, but we wanted to sit outside to people-watch and enjoy the chilly weather. From our table, we had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and the craziness on the street-- we loved it. 

Escargot- amazing and my kind-of picky boyfriend loved it! (You have no idea how much that meant to me because he kept saying he'd hate it--I always win!) 

For our main dish we had Steak Frites, which was amazing-- obvi! It was seasoned to perfection and the fries were perfect and crispy.

Great experience!Since Vegas is aside from NYC one of the best places to people watch, this breakfast spot turned out to be ultimately one of my favorites. We'd head over early to snag a spot outside the Paris Hotel and secretly laugh at all the party-goers returning from a late night of revelries and ridiculousness.

Now this place gets pretty busy for breakfast but service isn't compromised at all, at least it wasn't for us.Service here was fast and friendly and in the end...i didn't waste half my morning in silly pleasantries and flaky pastries. 

Breakfast selection is awesome and everything is really good. My only regret is not taking pics of all the food....boohooo...best place for brunch!

always make a reservation so you can be seated at the balcony. 

(good food with a nice view of the bellagio and its water fountain show=the best)

must try is
their french toast #1(never pass it),
i also like eggs benedict w/ smoke salmon.
creme brulee is love
my cousin like her quiche lorraine (its just too big for 1 person tho) 
pair every thing with orange juice or mimosa maybe :)

a must go to place!Only took 5 minutes to walk here from our hotel at Caesars palace. Nice that it's right in the heart of the strip. Got seated right away, we had a reservation I made online 20 minutes before, but there wasn't a wait anyways. Server was very friendly and attentive. Coffee, YUM! (And I'm a Seattle coffee snob). We got the eggs Benedict and blueberry French toast. The eggs Benedict was what you would expect, nothing out of the ordinary or over the top. The blueberry French toast was good. The vanilla whip cream that came on the side was Devine. Oh and the blueberry sauce was delish too. Wish I would have asked for the berries on the side because they made the toast a little soggy. Overall thought it was really good. We had our food within like 5 minutes of ordering. Oh another note, the orange juice is fresh and really good. Also they bring you a little warm banquette, brought me right back to Paris! Lovely breakfast.My husband and I had a late dinner on the terrace of this restaurant. The outdoor seating seems to be walk in only and can be a bit of a wait but sitting right against the railing and seeing the Bellagio fountains light up every 15 minutes while dining really masked any flaws we might have wanted to pick with the food. Both of our entrees: salmon au poivre (you must like peppercorns to enjoy this dish) and steak frites with brussel sprouts on the side were solid. Our server was very nice too. It's lovely for a date night in Vegas.Arrived for dinner  with a party of 16. The waitress was awesome!!! She arrived to the table within a few minutes after we got sat.  I ordered the Filet Mignon Au Poivre, and the Beet & Goat Cheese Salad. The salad needed a little bit more goat cheese & beets and a little less arugula. Filet mignon was good. Bananas Foster was delicious.  Ambiance was nice. 
The best thing about this place was the service from our waitress/ food runners. All appetizers, salads/soups, entrees delivered in a timely manner. Water glasses (and wine) never reached the half way empty point. 
5 stars for the exceptional service which is a biggie for me :)Vegas closes down early, and there aren't many decent places to eat on the later side.  And there are many things to steer away from at this restaurant.  The fries, for example.  They call these fries?  And yet, and yet . . . . There are some terrific wines, not horribly priced.  The steak au poivre is terrific, as good as any SF bistro (except for the frites which, frankly, suck).  The salads are executed poorly as to presentation, but the ingredients?  Actually pretty good.   For example, we had a serrano and mozzarella and fig salad.  Big old pile of the jambon, sliced too thickly, and there was no art in the presentation.  It looked like no one cared enough to make it pretty.  But the taste?  Quite good.  All very high end ingredients, and even the dressing was good.  Same with the heirloom tomato salad (flown in, who knew they cared) and the frisee with lardon.  

So if you order carefully and not on the outer limits of cuisine (you know, plain and simple, don't get creative), you'll get a good, maybe even a great, late-night meal.  Sit outside and it's perfect.  Just like Paris (except it's the Bellagio fountains and hordes of Americans, so maybe not so much like Paris, except it's outdoor bistro dining, so that's like Paris, right?)5400+ reviews on Yelp?  I had to go here!

I got a last minute reservation for my girlfriends & I on a Saturday afternoon.  There are 3 locations to sit in this restaurant: In door, half in door/half outdoor, & patio.  We were seated in the half indoor/half outdoor area which was perfect because it was a sunny, but chilly afternoon.  I was so excited because our table had the perfect view of the Bellagio fountains!  Excellent customer service!

Complimentary Bread & Butter - They give you whole baguettes which were warm & fluffy in the inside.
Filet Mignon Merlot, served with Fries - This is what our server recommended & although I am more of a Blue Cheese type of girl, I could not resist trying their most popular steak.  The steak was juicy, tender, & flavorful!  Unfortunately, I was not a fan of the Merlot sauce & instantly wished I had ordered the steak with blue cheese.  Nonetheless, the steak itself was good.  Their fries are not your typical fries but are very thinly sliced.  Good!Favorite breakfast place in the city. My husband and I live across the street and regularly walk over here. The food is good, not outstanding but the overall atmosphere and location makes it a unique restaurant. It's the ideal people watching spot. For anyone visiting vegas it's a must!This place is terrific. I make sure that we go here every time we visit Vegas. There is nothing better than sitting out on their patio, eating delicious food and people watching. There is sometimes a wait, but it is well worth the wait. Service here is top notch and we have never had a bad experience. 

They have daily specials which is what I normally order. I had the Bananas Foster Crepes last time. They were fantastic. Paired with some fresh squeezed orange juice and a bowl of Cafe Au Lait and I was in heaven. Their omelets and eggs Benedict are also tasty. I always find myself ordering the crepe special usually though. You must try this place while in Vegas. You will definitely not regret coming here.This is great for the price in Vegas. I've only been here twice but it is romantic and has good mussels and great frites, nice burger and steak. Not too expensive but not extremely cheap... I definitely like going here when I'm in town!You do not need me to write a review on this place, as there are currently 5000 reviews for you to peruse. So I'll be brief- the steak is delicious, the service is top-notch, the views are wonderful, the wine and cocktails are delectable, and the frites are crisp and perfect. You should go here. You're welcome.Finding a place to eat at Vegas can be such a pain sometimes. Sure, there are lots of options everywhere. But how many of them actually serve a reasonable portion size at a reasonable price w/o hours of wait time? Well, Mon Ami Gabi is one of them.

We dropped by on a weekday afternoon as we were looking for some quick bites for a late lunch. We're glad we found this place! We were seated in their glass pavilion looking out to the strip. Great location since we get the view w/o the smoke.

We ordered the Maine Lobster Roll and the Classic Quiche Lorraine and both came out above expectation. The lobster roll looks a little small but it's actually quite filling. The lobster was buttery and complemented well with the salad and the vinaigrette. There's nothing special about the fries and a little more lobster meat would have been nice. My wife loves quiche and this is one of the best she's ever had. That's high compliments from her.

Overall, this was a nice pit stop for us to refuel before continuing with our planned activities for the rest of the afternoon. Still expensive but for Vegas standard, it's pretty good.The best part of this restaurant is that most seatings will pit you right in front of the Bellagio water show. Romantic, but without suffering from the pish and posh you get from a snooty upscale restaurant. 

Bread as an appetizer, and both my hot girlfriend and I both had meat from their steak frites section. While I can't say it was a life changing experience, it was definitely above par. I don't believe this is a steak centered establishment, since the palm frites was clearly a show stealer. An absolutely perfect addition to the food, and a definite winner.

Romantic, not terribly expensive, and the staff were accommodating even when we were late.Came here on a Saturday night, after learning that balcony seating was first come first serve, I was totally fine with taking the next available table. We were seated 5 minutes after my reservation time (not a problem), at an incredibly small, slightly uncomfortable table right next to the kitchen. I don't have a particularly big butt, and I'm on the slim side, and this table was so closed to the one next to it that I couldn't even help but bump into it - and there were guests seated at it. A table that small shouldn't even exist in a restaurant like this.

Our server was great, not outstanding and not what I expected given the prices and atmosphere. What is really making me give this place 4 stars is that our food was amazing. Their "house" chardonnay was actually quite good and we didn't wait that long to receive our orders. I ordered a steak with peppercorn sauce, I believe, and my boyfriend ordered a 16 oz porter. 

If I ever visit again, I'll probably choose to wait a bit longer for a better seat. But overall an interesting dining experience, not perfect, but just okay.The fillWe got the fillet mignon with butter and the oysters for my birthday dinner. I loved LOVED the oysters. I live in San Diego where we can get fresh oysters easily - and I thought these were supremely fresh. It was a treat eating every single one of them. 

The fillet mignon was delicious. It was marinated well and had a hint of vietnamese flavor to it I felt like. I also liked how everyone got a baguette with butter before starting their meal. Is it just me or is the butter delicious here as well? 

YUM. And I could not have thought of a better way to celebrate a birthday =)I love dining at the bar by the outdoor patio for lunch.  Jerry the bartender has a great sense of humor, which really makes the experience. The seafood crepe and the chicken and mushroom crepe are fantastic.  It is so pleasant to relax there and watch the world go by.  My favorite bar in Vegas and I get Lettuce Entertain You points!This is an example of another reason Vegas is a difficult place for a normal person.  The entire experience was, frankly, magical.  The service was a bit obsequious, but she was lovely, friendly, and warm.

This is a casual eatery we walked into in Paris and had no reservations.  It was a Saturday night, and we were sat by a lovely, romantic window within seconds.

The atmosphere was incredible.... across from the Bellagio Water Show, and next to a window in a romantically lit restaurant that had a wonderful aesthetic... tiled floors (slippery in heels), lovely deep wooden grain finish on the classic bar.  It was as close to a dimly lit French bistro as you might find out of France.

The food was awesome.... 

The oysters had one of the best mignonette's I have ever had.  For Las Vegas, oyster country (sarcasm button on), they were fresh and shucked decently.  Luckily, nothing like Andy K.

The Endive and Blue Cheese salad with watercress and roasted pear was sublime.  The French Onion soup was great.  Again, I don't like it sweeter than smoky or "zesty"... but it was great.

The Salade Maison was very good, but the presentation of the goat cheese and croutons being the piece of toast with cheese spread ontop of it was confusing... in that Lauren ate that without realizing that was the "goat cheese & croutons" inherent to the salad.

The French Martini was great (grey goose with pineapple, champagne, and chambord....)

The French 75 was perfect.  I subbed beefeater for the sapphire, and it was just awesome.  AWESOME!

But being on the strip, even a casual, non reservation type of meal... the bill came to $140 or something.  1 app, 2 salads, 4 cocktails, one soup.... $140.

I know it is demanding to ask Vegas to be cheap, but to sit for a couple apps and salads and see a bill like that is just... disheartening.

So... go to Vegas with money.  PLEASE PLEASE shove cost out of your head prior to sitting down ANYWHERE.

Because Vegas is pricey.  Check out my Las Vegas as to why.... but it isn't just expensive.  I work in fine dining and high end hotels, and the price point is at least 20%-35% over a normal meal.  

As long as you recognize that, even a casual, spur of the moment meal can be magical, romantic, delicious, and stunning.

I would go back here in a second, with the awareness I wish I had previously had.  I think having not been to vegas much, it is something I simply need to plan for across the board.Very good food   Try the croque Monsieur    Very good sandwich.  Seating outside is awesome.   Best place to eat at the Paris hotel.   Service was greatMy bf & I went there for his 40th bday & I made the  reservations easily through Yelp.
Food: Exellent!  I ordered the wild boar pasta & my BF got the beef chop.  My pasta was freshly made...so soft! The meat was tender & though I was full, I couldn't stop eating. His chop was as big as his head & he finished it all. Including the tasty shoestring fries that came with.
Atmosphere : Gorgeous. We were seated outside with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain water show. I thought it might be cold as it was a January night but they had heat lamps blazing for all.
Service: Awesome.  Waiter was attentive & brought out a bday dessert for my man without my having to ask anyone - I mentioned the bday celebration when making our reservations  (thanks Yelp).
All in all, it was a great time for a good price.  We'll definitely come back next time we're here.Love the service by the staff here, the woman attending to us on xmas eve night ytd (irene? I forgot, but i knew she had short hair) was considerate and professional. The food we had was good too, the seafood platter, the chicken dishes and the trout. Ate our fill!My boyfriend and I had brunch here a couple of months ago.  The food was delicious :)  I had a chicken, apple, and brie cheese sandwich that was delicious.  The view is also amazing.  We set on the patio and overlooked the Bellagio fountains.  There was definitely a lack of shade though but we elected to sit outside knowing that it would be an issue so I don't blame the restaurant at all.Great spot for breakfast, especially if you snag a seat on the patio. They keep the desert heat at bay with umbrellas and glorious misting fans. After a crazy night of drinking and gluttony, pretend to cancel it out with the turkey and egg white omelette (topped with tomato and avocado relish) and a fresh squeezed juice. Or if you'd rather indulge in some carb heaven, the pancakes and waffles are a stellar choice as well.With over 5000+ reviews, I'm not sure what more I can add besides this is a pretty solid restaurant. Ambiance is themed pretty well and even better if you can get a seating at the outdoor patio area to overlook Las Vegas Blvd and The Bellagio Fountains. It is also a romantic atmosphere when  you dine at night. The restaurant is dimmed...perfect candlelight light dinner. (it may be too dark for some since I saw a few people use their flashlights on their phone to look at the menu....lol)

My boyfriend and I ordered the "Salmon, Spinach and Baby Kale" to share. The salad consist of avocados, blueberries, walnuts and citrus dressing. Big enough portion to count as an entrée. Everything on that plate was fresh.

My boyfriend ordered the Au Poivre Steak with Brandy peppercorn sauce. He's a steak connoisseur so of course he would think this was "okay, I've had better." Well of course he would think it tasted ok because he eats at Delmonico's and Carnevino regularly but that's besides the point. (sorry hun....I had to throw that out there! Don't get mad! =) )

For my entrée, I ordered one of their Specials of the Day. It was seared trout (I asked to make sure it cooked well done) with a few roasted potatoes and carrots in the mix. It also included a portion of shell pasta with a light pesto sauce. (see pic attached.) Hands down I would order this again.I went twice in 2 days. This place is a gem. Tre bien!!!! I have not had the genuine steak frites in so long that this was a nice treat. I wish we had one where I live. This is beyond scrumptious.Love Mon Ami Gabi, the breakfast is phenomenal.  Can't beat sitting outside on Las Veges Blvd with the water fountain going off at the Bellagio.  Prices are great as well, especially for the location and quality of food.A nice spacious restaurant! This hotspot is located at the base of Paris hotel and is alongside the sidewalk of the lively Las Vegas Blvd.  My visit to Mon Ami Gabi evoked flashbacks of my time in Paris mid-summer. To my surprise, the decor and food accurately captures the essence of a French restaurant.

My favorite aspect of this exquisite eatery is the affordable pricing and the wide selections on the menu. For less than $20, you can already have a good amount of food. I enjoyed my Prime Steak sandwich, which had tender and succulent meat between two soft freshly-baked bread.  When I took a bite the Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich, my mouth rejoiced after tasting the flavorful yet delicate combination of the ingredients put together.  The marriage of brie cheese and chicken provides a high enjoyable level of savoriness.  Mon Ami Gabi was able to bring sandwiches above and beyond the expectations I normally have. 
Every sandwich (and many dishes) comes with a small basket of crispy potatoes.  They are similar to french fries as well as potato chips and compliment the entrees wonderfully with their lightly salted crispiness.

The service is wonderful as the workers are knowledgeable about everything on the food and wine menu.  One of the IMPORTANT things to anticipate upon arrival to Mon Ami Gabi is the shirt policy.  Male customers must wear a shirt with sleeves (essentially no tank tops).  One of the people in my party unknowingly did not wear a shirt with sleeves to this restaurant.  However, the workers were nice enough to provide him with a complementary Paris hotel t-shirt.  Is the service great or what?this place is a real hidden gem! Mon Ami Gabi is probably one of the older restaurants on the strip but it is really good.  I came here for my friend's bday dinner. 

Its a really big restaurant and is great for big groups! 

I got their french onion soup and it was delicious but a little too cheesey and salty for me.

they have THE best tasting bread i have ever had. They continuously serve you fresh baguettes. I finished almost one whole baguette on my own. its THAT good.

They have a great variety of steaks. ALL of them i would recommend. The filet mignon was sooo delicious and their skirt steaks were great too. You really cant go wrong with any of their steaks. It comes with a HUGE side of shoe string fries!!! 

overall i really recommend this restaurant. Its affordable and tasty! 

recap:
1) good for groups
2) BREAD
3) STEAKS!!!!Wow, I've always loved Mon Ami Gabi for the food, service and outdoor people watching and the Bellagio Fountain show across the street, but two nights ago they surpassed their usual good service!  We had a relatively short wait of 25 minutes for an outdoor table for four.  We had guests from Sweden and were excited to take them here to enjoy the full Strip experience.  We were seated to the left, around the corner near the Paris Hotel entrance.  I knew we were screwed when we heard the extremely loud music and an entertainer on the street about 20 feet away talking over the noise getting a crowd together for his "show".  We couldn't hear each other talk and certainly couldn't hear the music of the Bellagio fountains.  After two minutes I couldn't take it. Knowing there was a wait list for tables outside, I asked if there was any way to have the entertainer move down the Strip some....Sasha, a MAG employee apologized and said they had a permit to be there and unfortunately the restaurant had to put up with it.  Defeated I sat down and told our guests I had no luck...within a minute, however, Sasha came to our table and told us to follow her.  Not only did she find a free table, it was front and center of the fountains and not in front of the entertainer or her obnoxious boom box, out of the deafening zone! Thank you so much for going the extra yard!Love it here.  We go every time we visit Vagas and they never disappoint.  

This time we had a difficult dietary restriction abnormal not only were they very accommodating, they made the food taste great!I had the pleasure of having lunch here with my girlfriend and family recently. We chose to sit out on the strip, a must when you come here. Getting down to business I have 2 things to say: 1) the food is top notch, 2) service is lacking, BIG TIME!

I ordered the Salmon Spinach salad. This was the BEST salmon I have ever had! I spent much of the meal looking closely at the spices on it trying to figure out how they make such an amazing dish. My untrained tongue couldn't figure it out, lol. Everyone I was with loved their meal. This was a prime location for our first meal of the trip, and food was superb.

The waiter on the other hand, was far worse than any I have had in a long time. He was so distant, and disinterested with us. I felt like us being there was inconvenient for him, oddly enough. And gratuity was automatically added for a party of 5?!?! Gladly he wasn't able to ruin our experience with his attitude.

Food is phenomenal, service is disappointing. Hopefully they keep cooking this good because that and location is all this place has going for it.Lovely - facing the Bellagio fountains, outdoor patio, full on french interior, good service, good food? Sooo glad we ate there instead of having Buffet of buffets. 

Food: A-
Ambience: A
Service: A
Value: BWOW....This place is definitely worth eating at and definitely worth all 5 stars!!!! First of all ,make reservations its a  busy restaurant. This place is super cute and a cozy gem that feels like your in Paris......The bread and butter they bring in the beginning was SO good. My Fiance and I tried the "BAKED GOAT CHEESE" as an appetizer....OMGGG IT WAS BEYOND AMAZING!!!! MUST TRY!!!!..Then we had the Filet Mignon and steak, Both were definitely tasty and delicious. So we both loved this place and if your thinking of trying this place out, definitely go for it,Totally worth it!!!!!!:)I went to Vegas for work, i dont really like Vegas but it was all paid for so why not and they dared letting the French man stay @ Paris. Ironic. One plcae I like in Vegas is Mon Ami gabi. I always stay at the terrace and enjoy the people watch. This time I went for days in a row for lunch. Enjoyed the Whispering Angel Rose, les escargots and le burger. Just enjoyable to have some nice French food and wine while staring at all the white trash walikng around with their giant Tequila plastic glass. I do Vegas style At a terrace with some rose because I think it is funny and so Un Vegas and I am French.
Love the place..Considering the location on the strip, and the fact it has a patio facing the Bellagio fountains, I am very impressed with Mon Ami Gabi mainly due to the value of what you get for what you pay. I have eaten here a few times for brunch and once for a casual dinner and it was all very reasonably priced, yet the food choices and ambiance/service could have easily made this a "nice/fancy/special" meal.

I highly recommend it whether you just want a casual brunch, or are looking to impress someone over a meal. It offers both.

I don't remember the name of our server when we ate here last Sun, but she was tall and blonde, and considering we were seated in the bar she was extremely professional (kitchen took a while to get our entrees out and she made sure we were updated, when bf disappeared to the bathroom she asked me if I wanted his salad held for him until he came back rather than it sitting out...). I appreciated this!Overall this place is really good. 

We started off with the escargots. It was nothing special, and we've had better. The baguette was fresh, which was nice. 

I ordered the Hangar steak which was delicious. The steak was nice and thick and served with frites which were a cross between French fries and potato chips. 
My sister had the Filet Mignon Merlot which was also good. My mom throughly enjoyed her Bernaise steak.


Overall we will probably come back.I stopped by on a Sunday evening by myself.  After being told my wait would be an hour, I opted to sit at the small bar at the front of the restaurant. (There is another bar in the back, closer to the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains.)

I opted for the hanger steak frites ($20.95) and a glass of bartender recommended Cotes du Rhone ($10).  I couldn't finish my meal, despite how delicious it was, although I did have a few pieces of the tasty warm bread.

In a city where a steak can easily cost $40 a la carte, Mon Ami Gabi is a great find and value if you have the patience to wait for a table.We were looking for a nice birthday lunch for my sister that wasn't $$$$, had good reviews on Yelp, and was suitable for a 2 and 8 year old. Most of the well-rated restaurants were way out of our budget in Las Vegas, or were a little too fancy to bring kids.  Luckily, we found Mon Ami Gabi!

Everyone's meals were tasty.  I had the mushroom soup, the butter lettuce, goat cheese and apple salad, and the Seafood crepe.  The peas in the seafood crepe were so nice and sweet and fresh.  For the kids, they had the Mac and cheese which came with thinly sliced apples and skinny green beans.  It was so delicious!  I found myself picking at their plates quite often too!

Bottom Line:
The meals were reasonable priced, especially compared to all of the other restaurants in the area. Our waitress was nice and helpful (she suggested the Seafood Crepe).  And the restaurant wasn't too fancy that bringing kids would be frowned upon.  Great place!Mon Ami Gabi is a French bistro located in the Paris Hotel.  I went on the recommendation of a friend who claims it as his favorite Las Vegas restaurant, as well as largely positive Yelp! reviews.  

The interior of the restaurant is dark and dim, with walls loaded with various French-inspired memorabilia.  In any event, I'd suggest sitting outside, which provides prime people-watching territory on the strip.

The bulk of the menu consists of simple bistro classics like mussels and steak frites.  I had steak frites; my flat-iron steak was cooked a perfect medium-rare, as ordered.  Entrees come with a choice of sauce.  I ordered bearnaise, and it was perfect.  I had the privilege of sampling the food of my dining companions, and enjoyed it as much as they did.  One of them ordered a bowl of mussels in buttery, herbaceous white wine broth, and the other ordered a NY-strip with butternut squash puree and bordelaise sauce.  As I said, each item was properly prepared and delicious.

Our waitress was polite and fairly attentive, considering that the restaurant was fairly busy during our dinner.  My only real complaint about the meal was the "frites" component of my steak frites.  I found them to be too thin, a bit dry, and cold.  Maybe they were pre-cooking large batches far ahead of time in reaction to the large number of customers.  That would be unfortunate.

Overall, however, the positives far outweighed the negatives of my visit.  Mon Ami Gabi is a damn good place to get a steak in a great, casual environment, at a far lower price than a traditional American steakhouse.I was soooo excited when I went to Mon Ami Gabi for Mothers Day (finally!).  I have heard nothing but great reviews about it and it sure did live up to the hype.  First of all, their patio seating is literally the best in Las Vegas because you can watch the Bellagio fountain show from across the street! It is an amazing environment to be in. You will feel like you are in another part of the world.  The management was very helpful in accommodating our large party and even when we had more guests join us last minute they were helpful.  Now the breakfast...the turkey and avocado breakfast croissant was sooo yummy. I will definitely be back for more.Two of us went to brunch. The servers were very attentive. The mimosas were great and we never waited very long for a refill. The crepes were very good but very sweet - almost like dessert. The eggs Benedict was amazing! The warm Brie appetiser was perfect as well.  We sat in the atrium - it was the perfect amount of outdoor light and not so hot.Amazing service,and a patio view of the Bellagio fountains. My desserts were scrumptious. And my Quebecer server was thoughtful and quick. All around one of the best meals I've ever hadWe had a dozen fanny bay oysters. Great champagne vinagrettte. across the strip from Bellagio. Reccommendation: not outside. Right inside by the bar. Not under the sun. they have open doors so you still feel outside without being under the vegas sun. 

Ill go again.Place is nice, it looks like to be really in Paris. We were inside but to be sit outside could be amazing, with a beautiful view on Bellagio Fountains.
We went here to have breakfast..and we're completely satisfied. We tried 3 scrumble eggs with bacon, potatoes,bread and a coffee. We paid 40$, little bit expensive but it worths.
Sure to try!!!This is a MUST!  The meal starts with a warm baguette with butter the baguette was perfect. The mushroom soup was incredible the onion soup is very good NOT sal. The goat cheese and beet salad was a little disappointing there's only like three pieces of beet, and it was mostly lettuce spinach lettuce. The next thing we had was scallops gratin the portion was very small only three scallops but extremely tasty. I had the pan fried whitefish with a mushroom purée and some roasted vegetables with nuts, it was incedible!!!!

J-Sun endorsedI know what you're thinking 5 stars for a semi chain restaurant. Its unusual, but hear me out. 
I came here as part of a fairly large group that had made reservations. This was a work dinner and since everyone on the team is in different parts of the country, this was basically one of the few times we'd get to see one another. Needless to say, this led to quite a bit of moving around, seat changing and just general rowdiness on the part of our group. Our server could not have been any better. She had one of those incredible memories. All of our dishes came out at the appropriate temperature and all at the same time and were served to the correct people. This is quite a feat when you have a party of 20 people and the rest of the restaurant is packed. 
I opted for the half order of mussels, some frites and a glass of rose . My mussels were cooked exactly how I like them. The white wine/shallot sauce was divine. I could've imbibed it as a cocktail. My only complaint is that i was served a couple of mussels that still had some of the beard left. I know how hard they are to clean, so I'll let it slide. The frites were the yummy, thin, Parisian kind. My boss was sitting across from me and he had steak and frites. When i looked up from my plate, he was nearly done with his. 
The menu included things for the pickiest of eater and we were served with a great attitude and smile. Those things cannot usually be said about most restaurants in Paris.  We all left with full bellies, empty plates and smiles on our faces. Overall a successful evening.The Roquefort Steak Frites was my favorite dinner in Vegas. The baked pear martini was delicious. If you sit on the patio you have a perfect view of the Bellagio water show.My wife and I come here every time we're in Vegas.

Get the balcony view if you can, and come for brunch.

Get the blueberry French toast. You won't regret it. Get 2 portions. You won't regret it.

The coffee is okay, but I'm picky about coffee.

This is a must visit spot!We eat here every time we come to Vegas!  Can't beat the great food and the view!  Never disappoints!Affordable French restaurant! We were sitting in the "Sun Room" which is gorgeous! I love eating under sunlight w/o all those dust coming from the street... We went there for lunch and got seated really fast. 

Fresh oysters that we ordered that day was excellent, out-of-this-world good!!!! So fresh w/ slight sweetness.... We ordered a dozen.. couldn't have enough so ordered another half a dozen... The Escargots were not bad, really garlicky! My boyfriend has a chicken, brie, & spinach crepe, which was good, not very exciting though... The chicken was a bit on the dry side. I had the butter lettuce salad. Butter lettuce is my favorite lettuce =P I LOVE its vinaigrette dressing!!! It was light and tasty, YUM!

Actually, if it wasn't for the oyster, I would probably rate it 1/2 a star less... Maybe we were just lucky that day..?Mon Ami Gabi was the perfect backdrop for a romantic dinner in Vegas. My bf and I were seated promptly after checking in with our reservation in a cozy little corner of the restaurant which was dimly lit by candlelight. The restaurant noise is a little louder than expected but it is busy and bustling with other diners and waitstaff. From our corner, we could still see part of the Bellagio watershow. 

My bf ordered the Steak Bordelaise and I, the Filet Mignon Merlot. Both steaks were cooked perfectly medium as requested. My bf's steak had good ol' beefy flavor while mine was melt-in-your mouth beefy good. There are a lot of frites on the plate to absorb the meat juices too so you get crunchy frites and meat juice soaked frites. We added asparagus as a side dish which was simple but cooked perfectly with olive oil and lemon. We actually had room for dessert and went with the Creme Brulee which for me, didn't have a custard base that was thick enough but whomever the dessert chef was, he or she nailed the caramel crust. It cracked beautifully with the tap of a spoon. The flavor was still delicious despite the runnier custard. 

All of the staff was courteous but didn't seem genuinely interested in each table but perhaps that was just our waiter. He got the job done though. Maybe the next time I visit I'll try the patio seating.The macaroni was really good, like really good! Like really good!!! The small dish hit the spot, I ordered the ratatouille but I regret purchasing that. I should have just stuck to this beautiful creation of creamy texture on shell pasta. 

Pixar had developed this perfect image of ratatouille and I blame them for my disappointment. The macaroni and mousse honestly made up for it. Thank you for the attentive service. The fresh bread was a vehicle that transported me straight to Paris. It was a live reconstruction of the scene from Ratatouille where Colette closes her eyes and places the bread to her face while she slowly squeezes it.My favorite brunch spot in town! Best waffles I've ever had, super light and crispy! && their coffee is amazing!!This place is a solid five stars. The breakfasts are perfect, I have had the omelette and eggs. For dinner, get one of the skirt steaks, I had the classic. The service, bread, and view on the patio are fantastic. Huge fan!Owning an entertainment agency, we often bring our clients and entertainers to Mon Ami Gabi for many reasons.  First, the bread is to die for - I could make a meal on the bread alone!  Secondly, the Bellagio fountains are directly across the street and you get an unobstructed view as well as the perfect volume for the music being played.  And of course, this is the absolute best place for people watching - it is WORTH the wait to get a seat outdoors for this alone!  The food is good, but really not the main attraction for going there in my opinion!I think this may be one of the only restaurants on the strip that we went to that didn't feel like a strip restaurant (unless you sat outside in front of the fountains).  The service was prompt and the food was cooked to perfection.  My steak au poivre wasn't prepared how I am used to seeing this dish, but it was fantastic nonetheless.  Quality food and reasonable prices.The strawberry waffles were delicious, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. I tried the corned beef hash which was also very good. I definitely liked their breakfast more than their lunch menu.Slightly noisy but great food in Vegas at a very reasonable price.  The steaks were great and the appetizers were a bit heavy but it's French cuisine after all.  Sitting outside is great but hard to get on a weekend night.  Make a reservation on Opentable before you go to Vegas and you'll have no problem.

Wine list was fairly extensive but we stuck to drinks and the bartender certainly didn't skimp on the drinks.  One of the better finds in Vegas.This place was great. The decor was gorgeous, such high ceilings!! My husband ordered a filet mignion, and i ordered a NY strip steak with a burgandy shallot sauce. Both were really delicious. The entrees come with their signature "frites" which are like really skinny french fries. Tasty, probably not what i would have picked had i been given a choice, but they were good enough.

For dessert we shared the flourless chocolate cake. Order it, it was SO good. mmm.holy crap this place is amazing!! ive always seen it and it never occurred to me that i should try it.  

my bf took me here for my bday dinner.  the yelp reviews (pictures) looked pretty good, so why not?  first off, im not a steak person...at all.  but i went out on a limb and ordered the filet mignon with the bordelaise  sauce.  it was the best freaking slab of meat ive ever had! i told everyone i knew that if steak was like this all the time, i would order it every where i went!!  bf got the hanger steak and a beer.  i got a French martini too.  

our server was so nice and so were the hostess's.  we ended up getting there 45 mins early, but they seated us right away.  we could even see the bellagio show from our seats.  

oh and you MUST make space for dessert.  if you love bread pudding, you HAVE TO HAVE TO order it.

i cant wait to go back and check out their brunch!!I had dinner here last week with family.  What an excellent experience!  We sat on the patio on a comfortable Friday night.  People was watching was fun.  We saw a lot of underdressed tourists and even saw a fight almost happen.  Didn't happen.  That was okay.  We saw a fight the next day at the Linq.

We all shared escargots and mussels for appetizers.  The escargots were great in a very hot parsley butter sauce, and the mussels were very good also.  Be sure you have enough bread do "sop up" the sauce from the mussels.  

For dinner, I ordered one of the three dinner specials, sole with roasted potatoes and lightly sautéed spinach.  I was surprised that I got an entire sole (four filets).  Again, it was prepared very well, not overcooked.

For dessert, we shared a very light and flavorful chocolate mousse and a rich creme brûlée which was full of vanilla beans.

We lingered for over two hours laughing and watching the fountain show across the street.  The food, the staff, the ambiance, and most important the company made for a great dining experience!Excellent food!!

The steak au poivre is amazing - but there is not a bad thing on the menu. The service is friendly and prompt, and the food is to die for.  I'll definitely be back next time I am in Vegas.So hard including this name "Mon Ami Gabi" in our conversation
Frustrated friend: "Augh I don' t know, the Gabi thing in front!!"

Came here because
1) Right in front of our hotel
2) They specialize in slabs of cow :)***

I was very set on ordering the filet mignon with merlot butter once I skimmed the Yelp reviews and was told by our waitress that it was Mon Ami Gabi's house special.

By the way, we had the most thorough and humble waitress. She didn't constantly check on us, but made sure that the our food was delivered as ordered. 
She noticed that my girlfriend's cesar salad was dressed when she clearly said "dressing on the side," but my friend insisted it was okay. At the end, the waitress apologized as we got a free ice cream profiterole with hazelnut chocolate sauce. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=DVi5g-v4i81TzV_X5owU2g ..APOLOGY ACCEPTED!!

I would say the filet mignon was too legit (to quit), I know why they're known for it. It seemed to be cooked medium at first upon the sides, but later realized that toward the center it was medium rare as I requested. I expected the size to be "petit" but it was big enough for me to feel guilty for leaving some behind. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=zxQGjORGM_oGCDJZX0IYNg

I wish they had better sides than the frites, they reminded me of chips. I prefer something creamier, less oily & fried things for my steak sides (heh).

Everyone else enjoyed their meal, and everyone was entertained/distracted by our friend trying to slice our table's loaf of house bread. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=Z6_9c7qeqRbbY2VQX3im4g 

Gabi est mon ami!I would give five stars for the location alone! Located inside Paris and across the street from the Bellagio, it offers one of the best views of the fountain show and is a fantastic place to people watch. Even as the crisp winter air approaches Las Vegas, there is no excuse to not dine al fresco as the million heat lamps are out in full force.

I made a reservation through open table for 815pm on Saturday and had no trouble changing it last minute when I realized there was no way I was going to make it. I love technology. Made another reservation for 9 and waited an extra 10 minutes (aka .53783 second in Vegas time) for patio seating. 

I ordered the salmon and my friend ordered the steak merlot and daaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn I'm hooked. The food came out perfect and I was practically drooling by the time it was in front of me. The salmon was flaky, hot, and the bed of quinoa was just the right consistency, something a lot of restaurants can't seem to manage.I found this place at the top of the Yelp! list of brunch places. My girlfriend and I are sort of 'Breakfast snobs', so we had very high expectations. 

I ordered the Eggs Florentine Benedict. My girlfriend ordered a keish. We also ordered a side of bacon, as that is a pretty big deal in our house. :)

Everything was delicious. My eggs were perfectly poached. The english muffin that it was served on was made fresh in-house. The service was sort of slow when it came time for the check, but the place was jam packed, so I understood. 

The prices, including a couple breakfast cocktails, were comparable to price that you would pay at the neighboring buffets (assuming you eat reasonable portions). 

So if you are looking for a GREAT breakfast spot that will not break the bank, and does not serve food that is sitting under a heat lamp, this is the place for you.I've been here twice and both visits were excellent. Good food, service and ambiance. If you like good food, come here.Had a late lunch here on a Monday. Enjoyed the wild escargots, and the baked goat cheese apps. Always like the fresh bread for dipping. 
We had a cheeseburger and the ahi tuna sandwich. The tuna was probably the best of everything we had there. 
The view can't be beat, service is always spot on. A great spot to dine in Vegas. The really should be a 4.5 star review.Great food and ambience. Had the bone in rib-eye steak, that was huge, escargots, and nice view of the fountain, with great company, what can go wrong.TIP: Sit outside! You get to sit next to the strip and see the Belagio hotel right across the street. I can imagine how beautiful it must be for dinner service.

Hubby and I had been pondering about a breakfast buffet in Vegas but opted out since we didn't want to spend $25-$35 at Paris buffet this time around. Well I got the sweet dish: fresh-made crispy waffles served with bacon in the mix with chocolate sauce on the side. Is your mouth watering yet? The waffle was satisfying but it wasn't the best waffle I've had. (Bouchon chicken and waffles are still my favorite.) The hubby opted for the savory dish which consisted of his favorite item: corned beef hash. Luckily for me, I taught my hubby to eat poached eggs and that was also included on top of the hash. Delicious...just add some hot sauce and your set.

Coffee is refillable and served unlimited. Service was great. Thanks Mon Ami Gabi for an overall great experience.Quick, great service. The steak and eggs are to die for! Will be back next time I'm in Vegas!We ate here several times during our stay and we had great experiences both times. Our servers were really nice and attentive. Everyone there was always willing to do whatever they needed to do to make us happy. Superb service and delicious food!Located in front of Paris, right on the strip! Across the street you can see the Bellagio fountains.
I love the design of this restaurant! They have big open windows that let beautiful natural light in during the day. At night, the dimly lit atmosphere gives an intimate vibe. They also have outside seating, which is first come first serve. It's only here that you can see the water show at Bellagio fountain. This was the perfect venue to celebrate my 25th birthday!

Complimentary baguettes: It's pretty cool how they serve their bread as a long baguette in a paper bag, not cut up. Very fresh!

Charcuterie & Cheese Platter: Included three different cheese, salami, grapes, three different pate, jam, mustard, nuts, slices of baguette. The cheese paired so well with the jam and mustard. I loved making different combinations of each item on my bread!

Prime Steak, Bernaise: There's a reason why they're known for their steak! It was tender, juicy, and perfectly paired with the bernaise sauce. I also loved their frites! They're thinly cut and crunchy...couldn't stop reaching over to my boyfriend's plate and stealing some.

Salmon: Classic salmon, flaky, well-seasoned. What blew me away was the peas puree and white cream butter sauce under the salmon. I couldn't stop dipping and swiping all my food into the sauce!

Casareccia Pasta: A very healthy pasta dish filled with peas, radish, asparagus, and a poached egg. The pasta was so soft, taste handmade. The sauce was very light, lemon-y, with a hint of cheese.

We also ordered:
Trout, again with amazing butter sauce.
Filet mignon, again with the tenderness and since it is a better cut of meat, much more juicy!

What a wonderful way to say Happy Birthday to my tastebuds/stomach...they also brought out  complimentary profiterole with vanilla ice cream! I can't wait to come back and experience breakfast/brunch with Mon Ami Gabi!This place is great.  We went a couple years ago and liked it so much, we made a point of going back on our most recent trip.  We were so glad we did! the food is wonderful and TABLE service is great.  The hostesses are pretty much worthless and not remotely friendly, which i did deduct a star for.  They make a pretty awful first impression.  If i didn't know the food was good... i would have left.

Food:  we had steaks, which are seasoned well and cooked perfectly.  And omg, they are so tender!!! we've eaten at some of the high-end steak houses in town, and these were soooo much better, for less money.  We also got french onion soup. It was meh.  Drinks were ok.

Table Service:  top notch.  Our waitress was very friendly, on top of things, and accommodating.  Made for a great experience.Late last night after a couple drinks, and winning a hundred bucks on the sex and the city slot machine (I guess people do actually win on that machine)....my boyfriend and 2 of our friends decided to eat here. Our friends work at Paris and are regulars of Mon Ami Gabi, but it was a first time experience for me and my boyfriend. 
To start out, the view is great! Even though I work at the Bellagio, I never really get to view the fountain show from across the street. Everyone made me choose the bottle of wine for the table for some strange reason, and although my wine knowledge is limited I went with a 2005 Bordeaux blend and everyone loved it. 
We started out with a couple appetizers to share and let me tell you how seriously delicious the escargot was! They were oven roasted in a garlic herb butter and just melt in your mouth. We also tried (much to my hesitation) the chicken liver mousse and I don't know much about pate or liver (except that mine is probably mad at me), but it had such an incredible flavor. They brought complimentary warm rosemary seasoned olives to the table, and if I weren't so excited about filet mignon, I would have been completely satisfied right then and there.
But, then came my perfectly cooked medium rare filet mignon drizzled with a merlot butter and I was the happiest girl in the world! 
I reluctantly shared half of my steak with my boyfriend, but we both decided that next time we will come hungrier and get out own cuts. Our server was great and so knowledgeable about every little detail.We finished the night with after-dinner drinks and good conversation. I slept so well last night :)We ate here once before but I'm a slacker that didn't review until visit number two. But, I am happy to say visit two was just as wonderful as number one.

I came here for one main reason: the first time I came I saw a group of three European dudes enjoying their lunch like it was their last and I covent my neighbors steak frites. So, yesterday I made reservations at 1:30 for a late lunch. 

When you order they bring you a baguette for crusty French bread. Thank you, thank you, thank you. It was chilly outside and this was a real treat. We started with some wine. I had the house Merlot which was surprisingly nice for a $8 a glass house wine. Hubby wanted a sauv blanc and the waitress brought two bottles out and had him try each to see which one he liked better. THAT, my friends, is service. 

Hubby claimed not to be that hungry and ordered one of the specials: French grilled cheese with frites. Now, this seems simple but it had double cream Brie, arugula, avocado and bacon. It was stupid. Crunchy, ooey, gooey, and rich as hell. 

I got the Steak Roquefort. I felt more than gluttonous when I saw the couple next to me share my lunch. Yeah, I can eat. The only reason I didn't give this five stars is that my steak was a little colder than I would like. Granted I ordered it medium rare but it seemed a little room temp like it sat there waiting for my husband's lunch. The frites were totally different. Think wonton chip like potato strips. I really really wanted a side of blue cheese sauce to dip them in. I was too afraid to ask for it as I thought that may move me from glutton to heathen. 

All in all, a loaf of bread, three glasses of wine and two entrees,one of which involved steak came to $73 and the service was impeccable. Not kidding, I loved this girl. We have no idea what her name was but she was Asian and had cute glasses. She was charming. 

I cannot wait to go back. I want to try everything on the menu. Twice. And not in one sitting, though I thought about it.Spectacular! French bistro food at its best! We were fortunate enough to get the patio seating overlooking the Bellagio Fountains so nothing to complain there. The weather was gorgeous. Our server was friendly. And the food was delish! My aunt is vegetarian so she had the veggie platter......wonderful flavours. My cheeseburger with blue cheese was perfection, hubby's steak was cooked just right, Uncle's chicken was tender. For dessert I had the creme brulee which was good but the star dessert was my aunt's white chocolate bread pudding with caramel sauce.....TO DIE FOR!Do you like a little drama with your soup? Do you want a burger that could make you cry? What about a bloody mary that can be a meal unto itself? Throw in a little bit of a view and you have Mon Ami Gabi! 

Sure I wanted to sit outside on the patio, under the perfect Las Vegas sun and pretend I was in Paris, but so did everyone else. Second best option sit inside up against the glass windows and enjoy the sun pouring in onto your face. Actually option two was better because the deuce was all ours. We weren't bumping into other tables. 

What better way to start a Sunday morning brunch than with a bloody mary. Not just any ole bloody mary but the "make it yourself" bloody mary. Bring me half a glass of vodka (yes that is correct) and walk over to the bloody mary fix-it bar to create your little "mary masterpiece". So many different mixes and garnishes. I went with the crisp strips of bacon, pepperoni stick, mandatory celery stick and one caper berry. (I actually went really tacky and piled the bacon in like some of the patrons at the Bellagio buffet do with their plates of food.) Once back at my table I deconstructed the bloody mary and enjoyed each component unto itself. 

I really didn't need food after this ordeal but I went ahead anyway. The soup of the day was a cream of wild mushroom soup garnished with chanterelle mushrooms and celery root puree. The shallow bowl comes to the table with the garnish smack in the middle and then the show begins. From behind her back the actress (waitress) pulls a large cast iron kettle billowing with steam. From high above she tilts it aiming into my bowl below, pouring the most velvety looking soup ever. Not a drop was splattered and just the right amount surround the garnish perfectly. I have one thing to say: D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S What would have just rounded it out would have been a drizzle of truffle oil. Orgasm! 

And at last the main course. A perfectly cooked, med rare burger with Gruyere and yes more bacon. All setting nicely on a brioche bun with a side of string fries and cornichorn. 

OINK! You Betcha!We had reservations for our party of almost 30 people for our 30th Birthday Celebration. They put us in our own room looking out at the Bellagio fountains. Couldn't have asked for a better location for our party. The leader of our group had negotiated a set menu for a very reasonable price (4 courses $65). For spitting out masses amounts of food, the food was Very Good. We had crabcakes for one of our courses that was definitely one of the best Crabcakes ever! Lots of Crab! I picked the scallops as my entree (over mashed cauliflower), other than the scallops being a tidbit over cooked it was really good. Dessert: Choc Cake = Awesome! Decent cocktails! Service was on point! Overall a Very Good Experience!Been here 3 times already and each time, we must order the steak frites. Doesn't matter which sauce you get it with, they're all really good! On our most recent visit, we stuck with the Classique, which is pretty much all butterrr. My steaks are always cooked to a perfect medium rare. The frites are super thin and crispy. Really hits the spot, whether you're eating it for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  

This time, my friend and I also shared the chicken mushroom crepe with kale and creamy brie cheese sauce. Solid dish, but then again, it's hard to mess up a crepe. Great flavor combinations.  

My other friend ordered the seafood crepe. I tried some and I HIGHLY recommend ordering this one over the chicken crepe. Both our waitress and the busboy said this was their favorite dish! There were giant pieces of shrimp and scallop on top of the crepe, so not just some tiny diced up pieces inside where you can't taste it. The sauce wasn't too heavy, as you might expect from French cuisine.

Tip: Try not to fill up on the baguette. No matter how tempting it is. Their baguette with butter is absolutely divine. The only place I had better baguette might just be in the real Paris. But you're going to have all this other amazing food coming your way soon! They kept bringing out fresh loaves of bread to our table, so we ended up taking a loaf back to our hotel afterwards. 

On that note, service was exceptional. Our waitress was friendly, welcoming, and you can tell she really enjoyed working there. We didn't get a seat on the outside patio this time, but instead on a hightop near the bar. I actually really love the ambiance inside. Feels more like a French bistro rather than a Vegas tourist stop.Best bang for your buck in Vegas for a really nice and affordable dinner! We get the steaks with béarnaise or/blue cheese sauce. OMG! Delish! Go earlier than planned and be willing to wait for a first come-first serve spot out of the patio where you can eat your dinner and enjoy a view of the Bellagio fountains across the street. Service is always point and wait staff is super friendly. We make a dinner date night here every time we come to Vegas.Please do yourself a favor and come here on your next Vegas trip! We made a reservation on OpenTable at 9 pm for 2. When we got there, I asked for patio seating because from other reviews I read, the view of the Fountains of the Bellagio was a must. They told me it could be about a 30 minute wait, but to our surprise we only waited about 5 minutes to be seated. The outdoor patio seating was worth it! While enjoying your food not only can you feel the rush of the Vegas strip, you can watch the Bellagio Fountains show, as well as live entertainment from artists playing on the strip. This night we got lucky that a saxophonist was playing nearby which added to the whole ambiance and experience. 

For food options, I decided to order the caramelized sea scallops with the asparagus, snap peas and the minted pea purée. I ate everything single thing on the plate it was that good. Also, my boyfriend ordered ratatouille and I have never tried so what better place to do so than here. It was also very appetizing. Nice location for a nice romantic dinner!We had delicious breakfast and blood mary's here. Then came back at night for a great dinner, bottle of wine all for under $140 in Vegas! Everything was great, with awesome serviceMy wife and I had a great dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi. Compared to the other restaurants in that area of the strip (and considering it's location), their prices were reasonable. We've dined at Eiffel Tower before and their prices were double than Mon Ami Gabi which was just below it. 

The hostess was gracious and was precise about how much time we had to wait. We've made reservations earlier that day through Yelp using Opentable (highly suggest this for any reservations anywhere) and they saw all of our requests such as a table outside facing the strip with a heater. The weather on the night we dined was fairly mild combined with an excellent view of the Bellagio Fountain made up for a truly unforgettable dining experience. The food was superb. My wife and I both had steaks and they were cooked right down to how we requested it. We had a Large Carafe of Sangria which paired perfectly with our entree. For desert, gotta have the chocolate cake. It is superb. 

The only negative about this review and the reason why I only give it for 4 stars was the waiter. He was okay but we expected more coming from a restaurant such as Mon Ami Gabi. Maybe he just had a bad day. He was not rude but his service was just plain and bland and when we asked about his opinion on which steak to order he just said, whatever you want! I think the better response would have been to explain what the different steaks were, how they were cooked and what made them special. I expected a better knowledge on the menu and explaining it to the customer rather than letting the customer figure out the menu. But overall, the experience was very nice. And for the Mon Ami Gabi management if you're reading this, re-train some of your servers so your diners will have the best dining experience. In fairness to the other servers, again, I think our server maybe just had a bad day because everyone else seemed nice.Great food and service. Had the salmon salad - great fish! Had the warm chocolate  pudding cake - was just like warm batter - amazing!!! Be sure to wait for an outside table if the weather is good. Great view of the Bellagio fountains and great people watching.This is the perfect location for people watching and front row for the Bellagio water show. The food is expensive but it is the best seat on the blvd. The three of us ordered the seafood crepes, the eggs benedict and the quiche and salad. Everything was yummy and the servers were professional and attentive. Very francais~~~~Onion soup had delicious gruyere cheese.

Steak was filling and the blue cheese dressing was great! 

The servers were fast and very professional.

A great choice for a classic restaurant. 
If it's busy, don't expect to see the bellagio fountains from the outside patio....This place is actually a treat for locals wanting to dine on the Strip!

I'd usually try to avoid anything out here like the plague because of traffic and doucheyness but wanted to give this place a shot. Came here for a weekday brunch. Here's my breakdown:

FOOD - Was nice. Nothing on the menu screams VIVE LA FRANCE but the quality of the food was good. Things were delicious. Friends got some burgers that filled them up. I got an onion soup that was nice but nothing mind-blowing. The stand-out item was the homemade bread. NOW THAT! Was awesome. Keep requesting that for super exploitation sake. 

Disappointment though. For a French cafe, they don't serve croque monsieur?! Outrageant!

SERVICE - Super nice. Waitress was helpful. There's always staff on hand somewhere to get you what you need. No issues here.

AMBIANCE - Pretty nice. Kinda looks like a Cheesecake Factory haha...sigh. Everyone loves the outdoor patio seating. Vegas rarely gets cold enough to turn it down. There's also a half-way outdoor patio seating you might opt for that puts you outside but not completely on the Strip.

So why minus one star? They originally seated us next to some loud-ass guidos and requested to move haha. Don't let that deter you from trying this place out.Best Sangria I've ever had.
Delicious food.
Very friendly service.This place offers inside and outside dining. Since the patios climatized to the season it is always a wonderful place to either have lunch or dinner or breakfast. You get to people watch on the patio and also a very nice view of the Bellagio Fountains. It is without a doubt my favorite dining place in Las Vegas the steak with Merlot butter is wonderful but my personal favorite is the steak Roquefort.A friend highly recommended this place and now I know why.  It's delish.  The seating on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains in the evening is awesome.  The bread is fresh and perfect.  Really, I think that's the best bread I've had in years.  We started with delicious Duck Confit.  We've been in love with Duck Confit ever since visiting the real city of Paris a few years back and this one certainly did not disappoint.  I had the chicken palliard and my hubby had the Chicken Grandmere.  Both were fantastic.  
To top it off the service was excellent.  We will definitely be back.  

Plan ahead and make reservations early!I love this restaurant! We went during the week so we didn't have to worry about long waits. We made a reservation anyway and got to sit at an awesome table facing the Bellagio fountains. 

Service was great--our server had a super thick french accent which could be difficult to understand, but at least he wasn't snobby in the least. 

Our order:
Drink: Frangria 3 STARS. (sangria with rosemary) - rosemary was overwhelming, and the drink was incredibly sweet. It was okay but I wouldn't order it again.

Appetizers:
Country Pate: 5 STARS. I love pate. country pate, classic, terrines of all sorts. This one had a nice meaty texture to it, and I loved the bread and mustard it was served with. Would definitely order this again. They also have a chicken liver mousse on the menu that I want to try. Next time!

Mixed salad with kale: 4 STARS. Can't remember too much about this salad, but it was good, from what I can recall.

Mussels Mariniere (boyfriend's order): 5 STARS. The rest of the trip, we were talking about coming back to get more of these mussels!!! We ordered a half-order for $10.95 and they were big, tender, and that broth was AMAZING and perfectly seasoned. Best dish of the meal for sure! ***TIP: The resto gives you a loaf of bread at the beginning of the meal. SAVE IT FOR SOPPING UP THE BROTH. Too good.

Bone-in Ribeye: 4 STARS: Perfectly seasoned and very well cooked, but excessively fatty (not marbled--we're talking chunks of fat). I also had a bit of gristle in mine but it wasn't much. The fries that come with the rib eye are SO GOOD. It's like a potato chip made babies with a french fry. crispy and tasty and awesome and they soak up the meat juice and become little crispy meat-juice carriers. My mouth is watering at the thought of it.

Scallops with Ratatouille (boyfriend's order): 4 STARS. The scallops (order came with 4 or 5 large scallops) were perfectly cooked--tender and flavorful. The basil pairing was perfect. The ratatouiile was just okay according to him. Plate portion was on the smaller side, but the awesomeness of the scallops made that okay for him.

We will definitely be back, especially for the pate and mussels. For the price and ambiance (especially if you can get a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains), it can't be beat!Definitely the best meal I had in Las Vegas 
Environment-my uncle said the environment was what he has been looking for for 10 years. 
Service-Awesome
Fooooood!!-baguette was warm and fresh
                     Caesar salad was fresh and the taste of cheese was so good
                     Snails were soft and super flavorful. Don't waste the garlic butter, eat it with baguette 
                     Chickens sandwich was wonderful. The chicken was juicy,bread was crispy and soft, and the taste was kinda sweet.
                      Steak and fries were hella good. We asked for medium cooked steak,which was juicy and flavorful. The fries were also amazing.
Price- it was not expensive at all for this quality.

Highly recommendedI was in town for a conference when a friend of mine said he wanted to have French food for dinner. Considering I don't know much about French food I figured it'd be safe to start my search at Paris Hotel & Casino. The reviews for this place were very good and I can say that I was definitely a fan of the food. My steak was perfectly cooked and it tasted wonderful. The view was a nice bonus as well. We sat on the patio which has a wonderful view of the strip and the fountain show at Bellagio. It definitely makes for a nice place for dinner, and though it's pricey, it doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Service could have been better, but I had a nice experience either way and would definitely go back.Overall eating experience was amazing. Had reservations to sit outside with an amazing view across the street of the Belagio water show. Perfect temperature to dine outside around 6pm. The service was perfect and the food was amazing. I ordered the salmon and salad entree and it was delicious. Fresh spinach and salmon cooked just right. Tried my first creme brûlée there and it was the perfect ending to an amazing dinner.Amazing- we had a working lunch at an outside table with climate control. Our server, Ryan, was professional, knowledgable, quick, humble, confident, a great listener and had a fabulous smile; and he served us quickly. Ironically, they messed up my order (granted- I asked for subs) but he fixed it promptly and it was so good, I would order it again. In case your curious- I got the fillet of grilled chicken, Brie, Granny Smith apples and caramelized onions with butter lettuce leaves instead of bread and a side of mixed fruit. I pared it with cold champagne and it was fabulous. My colleagues loved their meals as well. The view of people watching and the Bellagio was super fun too. I would highly recommend this place.The line to get a table, was a bit confusing.  After I realized I didn't need to sit outside, we got a romantic corner booth in the bar.  Fantastic attentive service, the waiter and busser worked as a team.  Hot bread out of the oven.  Nice bucket of champange, that the waiter kept refilling.
French Onion soup, warm chicken and brie sandwich, smoked salmon, croque madame, each dish fantastic.Definitely a 5 for the scenery on the patio (overlooks Bellagio Fountains) from Paris Hotel.  Everything I had here on this menu was delicious...one thing in particular stood out on this night.  The Creme Brulee.  Get it!Came here for brunch and was seating without a problem.  The patio area seems to be the place where people want to sit, as it was almost at capacity but almost empty inside.  We chose to sit inside.  It had been a while since I'd dined here and never for brunch.  I was not disappointed.

I had the best Croque Madame ($14) ever!  The bread was just so buttery with a light crunch.  The sandwich was so simple yet made really well.  The ham, which I find on the saltier side, was not salty at all!   And the egg on top (over easy) was cooked perfectly.  I definitely recommend this if you are a fan of this sandwich.  In addition, it came with their fries that I love so much.  They look like flat wonton chips and come crispy.

My friend ordered the special that morning, which was a Duck Hash.  Unfortunately, it was not as good as my sandwich.  The dish was way too salty, though certain bites seemed okay.  The bites that were not salty did taste good, so it was a shame that the salt was so overpowering in most of it.  It had a nice blend of herbs and came with homemade English muffins, which were definitely better than the store-bought kind.  I had the fresh orange juice, which tasted like it was not freshly squeezed but store bought.  I've notice many restaurants will call their OJ freshly squeezed when it comes from a carton that says "freshly squeezed."  This does not count!  Not sure if Mon Ami does that, but it didn't taste fresh.  

Service was good, and I'd definitely order the Croque Madame again!  Prices are affordable, too.I was recommended this place by a coworker for the Bloody Mary bar, I am in lovvveeee with Bloody Mary's, but ended up taking my daughter here for dinner. I looked at the menu online and called ahead to see if they had certain things.

Being a local I try to avoid the strip as much as possible. Driving to the Paris was crazy and we had to park pretty far...it was a rush to make our reservation. We made it and decided to sit out on the patio. The patio seating is a first come first serve situation so no reservations needed. We waited about 30 minutes and were seated. 

The ambiance was fantastic. The waiter came right away l, filled our water and brought bread. I was very VERY happy to hear they had the Beef Wellington ($39.95), which is what I ordered along with cream of mushroom soup ($10.95) and the kids steak frites ($11.95) for her. 

My daughter ate most of the soup they brought before the entrees, she kept dipping the bread in it and devouring every bite in pure bliss while I nibbled on the tender pickled carrots. The lemon drop martini I sipped on was very tasty and perfectly made which is a good thing because they were $15 each. The Beef Wellington was tender but a little doughy, nothing that would cause me to send it back. My daughters steak was actually tastier and I helped her with her frites. 

We watched the Bellagio fountains and a dance off that the street performers were doing. It was a great dining experience. I would have given 5 stars except the Beef Wellington was a bit doughy and I wasn't pleased to find that my daughters little 8oz plastic solo cup Sprite was $3.95...she didn't even have a refill. We will go back and most definitely will recommend!The food was very similar to the Chicago location, but they didn't split the french onion soup when we told them we were sharing.  It would have been nice for them to split it like they do in Chicago.  Everything was great, but the service was a step down from the service that you would normally get at the original.  We were still very happy with our meal, but I guess Vegas servers are just a step down from what you get in the Windy City.Hoe me gosh - what an awesome restaurant! Don't be fooled - it's a bit on the pricey side but you totes get what you pay for. Well worth the extra scratch with a killer view to boot! Je t'aime Mon Ami Gabi.

Let's start with the physical space - the inside is dark and intimate and is just like an eatery you'll find in Paris, France. There's the option to sit outside on the patio - they even have water misters to cool the place down during the summer months. Or, pick a spot in between - half inside and half outside with great airflow, plenty of light and lots of room. The tables aren't cramped but rather nicely spaced for large parties or small.

There is a great selection of wine for around $8 to $12 a glass for the cheap stuff. But even those wines are d-lish. You get some bread and butter upon sitting down but don't fill up on it cuz the food is off the hook!

I had me the hanger steak and I almost keeled over because it was so dang good! A huge slice of meat prepared WELL as suggested by our server, Number 55. The rest of my party had other options of steak and one hamburger which was apparently awesome. You also get some pom frites finely cut and crisped to perfection.

The service was attentive and knowledgeable although I never got our server's name - just saw the number pinned to his shirt. I felt that we were well taken care of. Also, I swear we saw Rod Stewart hiding in plain sight. Hey, performers gotta eat too.

Next time I'm in Vegas this will for sure be the first place I think of when it's time to decide where the one fancy meal of the trip will take place. I think my mouth is watering now just thinking about the awesomeness of this restaurant!You know it's good when the chefs around town eat their meals here on their break. Great value, fantastic views, amazing food. It's the real deal for Vegas. 

We had reservations but waited for the patio (30min more) so we could watch the Bellagio views. Be prepared at peak times to wait over an hour for that if you want.

Service was quick and efficient from beginning to end, appetizers fantastic (goat cheese/tomato dip? wow), and entrees were cooked perfectly. Dinner for two was under $80 and honestly felt it was better value than some places I've tried at twice the cost. 

I'll be back...so much more menu to try!Very good food and wine, friendly server, and a great view of the fountains at the Bellagio.Short but sweet update. If you want Eggs Benedict this place is one of the best on the strip. Get the fruit salad it's best to share with someone you love.

Asked to be seated at the outside patio. So you can people which and to be seen!. 

Pictures will be provided.sit on the patio and people watch.. great time.Great food highly recommended. Had the steak and was well done. Perfectly seasoned. Will come backGreat food and atmosphere. Had brunch here with an additional escargot for my wife. All tastes like what we had in Paris :) the bacon, mushroom crepe was nice but I should have ordered a sweet crepe instead looking at what the table next to me orderedExtremely fast service; we got to sit outside right against the rail, and were able to watch the Bellagio fountains several times. Food was excellent, and the pricepoint is nothing to complain about.Mon Ami Gabi was, by far, our best dining experience on our weekend trip to Las Vegas.  We had a 7:00 reservation for Saturday night, so we had no problem being seated right away.  The decor was nice...nothing extravagant, but nice nonetheless.  I ordered the thyme-seared salmon with orzo, spinach, and lemon butter for $18.95.  My wife had the roast chicken & frites (grandmere style) with mushrooms, bacon & pearl onions for $18.95 as well. Both dinners were very good.  I would give mine an "outstanding" rating though.  Both dishes were a little salty, but it did add a lot of flavor to the dishes.  Dinner, tax, and tip for $60.00  We'll definitely de back on our next trip to Sin City!This place has always been a favorite spot every time I visit Las Vegas. We had the privilege to stay at the Paris hotel for the weekend so i recommended this place for my friend's wedding reception. Dinner time is always the perfect time to go and celebrate because of their mouthwatering and enticing selection of food. From the great salads, chicken, steaks and their classic specialties. I ordered a Buttered Lettuce and Arugula salad for myself and my.. it was de-li-cious! They served complimentary baguettes with butter and beets on the side. The rest of my family, being their first time, enjoyed every bite of their meal. '

The service was great! All the waiters were friendly and they treat you royally.

I would recommend: Their Steaks (any is good) The prime cheeseburger with brie (this was soooo good!), and the chicken with mashed potatoes.

And i forgot one more thing, their prices are very reasonable! You'll also get the whole Parisian experience. From the food, to the vibe and the ambiance of the place! This place is off the charts!Christmas Eve, made a reservation but ended up being early. Accommodated to the patio facing Bellagio fountain. Perfect. Sweet waitress, perfect food. Everything is so nice. However, the friggin street art performance whatever ruined my perfect Eve.. the psycho music blasting is creepy and bring a nightmares in my ears.Two things I can recommend from Mon Ami (1) Baked Goat Chees App (2) The French Sangria both will leave a lasting impression. Oh and the view on the outdoor patio beautiful especially with the Bellagio show in the back round.I saw the reviews on yelp and had to give this place a try. We made reservations through Open Table since we went on Christmas day during lunch. I had the prime steak sandwich and it came with french onion soup to dip it in. The baguette was soft and the steak was medium to medium rare.  The fries were thin and crispy. Not too salty or oily. However, you really cant go wrong with french fries. My husband got the Roquefort steak with fries. It was good. The only thing we were not a fan of was the tables. They were so close together that i felt i was joining another parties lunch. We had to move tables to get out of the booth. Yes, I understand it was Christmas day and it was packed but they should separate the tables more instead of jam packing us all in the dining room. Even New York restaurants arent that packed. Overall, the food was good and would go back again. 

ps- The hostess that took us to our table needs to smile more. I know you are working on a holiday, but thats not my fault. So smile and pretend you like your job.The crepes are amazing our waiter let us upgrade the breakfast steak to a filet and substitute the fries for hash browns and it was off the charts delicious!!! The sauce and the caramelized onions, the white cheddar with the eggs.... yummmmThis restaurant is AMAZING. Went here for my anniversary with my boyfriend and everything was exceptional. 

My boyfriend got the filet in butter (?) Forgot what it was called in French... But SO GOOD. Wish I got that... Instead I got a salmon dish, which was also good but definitely not as mouth-watering as the filet.......darn..... 

Service was great! I want to come back every time I'm in Vegas.... For the filet...... Oh, and the patio seating with a Bellagio fountain show was a plusArrived for a late dinner after landing at Vegas. Had a great view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio area. Food was delicious. Would go again.It's a chain restaurant.  And what's with the name of the corporation?  Lettuce Entertain You??  But what a view!  If you're lucky enough to snag one of the outdoor tables, you're almost on top of Las Vegas Boulevard, with a view of The Bellagio fountains.

Reservations are not taken for outdoor tables, so it's first come, first served.  I arrived for lunch at 11:20 am, ten minutes before opening time.  That earned me a table next to the railing, with a direct view of The Bellagio.  There was some traffic noise, but nothing terrible.

I had Steak Classique: a large (10" x 8"), thin piece of grilled steak, tender and with very good flavor.  A large pat of herb butter was on top.  Accompanying it was a huge pile of french fries, cut thin like egg noodles and very crisp.  All in all, a good meal in an excellent setting.

The bill (including a drink, tax, and tip):  $35.Great place to people watch.  And the bloody marys are good too.  Had breakfast here, so I won't comment on the cuisine other than to say they have a good breakfast.Absolutely outstanding! From ambiance, to service, decor and hello....placement! Sit outside, yes even when it's cold they have the heated lamps! You'll catch the water show at the Bellagio, amazing. 

Food is beautiful. I have no other words for it. Oh and it's tasty of course. We had hangar steak frites and mussels marinieres! 

Krisha was our server and she was excellent. 

Haven't been here for anything other than dinner but I've seen this place jam packed from early hours of the morning till late at night!

AmazingSo my friends and I were in town for the Electric Daisy Carnival and decided to go exploring for some amazing eats. We stumbled upon this gem of a restaurant after passing through the Bellagio. We were quite severely underdressed (party clothes) but the staff were friendly and accomodating for us anyways.

The decor is cool. They have the indoor dimly-lit dining room/area, an adjacent glass-view area and a conjoined outdoor patio from there. Very spacious and clean.

A whole meal on avg will be $20-40 as someone has probably already pointed out. I ordered the soup of the day, which was a chilled lobster bisque as I recall. It was creamy and full of crustaceany flavour. Some of my friends ordered the french onion soup and I tried some of it.  It was also divine.

Seeing that this restaurant had an awesome rating out of 5000+ reviews and I was starving, I figured "yolo" and proceeded to order the most expensive item on the menu. That would be the 22 oz bone-in ribeye with bearnaise sauce and frites which costs $40. My steak was cooked perfectly (I asked for medium rare) and my fries were nice and crispy. To top it all off, the bearnaise complimented everything beautifully. I sound silly saying this, but it was possibly the best bearnaise I have ever tasted so far lol.

Unfortunately I've already forgotten our server's name but he was amazing. We got complimentary bread and carrot slaw and our drinks were always refilled without asking. A group gratuity of 18% was already included in the total bill but we decided to tip on top of that simply because we felt he deserved it.

Final rating = 4.5/5 stars. Was it overpriced slightly? Hell yes. Was it worth it? I think so??? Would I come back? Hell yes. It loses 0.5 stars simply for the insane price. Fantastic meal nevertheless.It's ironic that the sunniest, most pleasant place to eat a meal should be in Las Vegas, but so it is. Authentic faux-French finish to everything in the very best Las Vegas style, unoriginal American-versioned bistro fare (steak frite, mussels, steak tartare, seared ahi salad), mostly-french wine list with an unusual number of wines by the glass . The single best server to ever serve me served me here, and the single best oyster experience I've ever had I've had here. Three times.

Wines are around $10 per glass, food is around $20+ per lunch entree.The location is pretty cool!! I sat facing the strip and also got the watch the Bellagio water dancing as I eat!!! It was pretty awesome!!!
I ordered a dish that the waitress recommended and I actually didn't quite like it. Then the waitress even offered it take it off out of the check as I only took one bite of it and clearly didn't care for it!! I say that is a great customer service!! I would definitely go there again!!My favorite place to visit on the Las Vegas strip. Perfect to people watch and enjoy the views.You know over the course of several years Ive revisited Mon Ami on several occasions and each time has gotten better than the last. I used to laughingly refer to Mon Ami as the Olive Garden of French restaurants, homogenized versions of French bistro classics. But as I grow older and (hopefully) wiser Ive found that this isn't really the case. Yes this is a chain but they do try to do their best with what they do. I re-read my previous review (2008) and wow did I just sound like an arrogant dick. I apologize for that and sure I could delete it but think its much better left to show a contrast of me growing up. 

Now with all that being said, I have to say that I always crave their ribeye steak slathered in deliciously sweet bordelaise sauce when we visit. This is Vegas and there are loads of steakhouses pretty much everywhere but for the price point this steak is a great value as well as a great taste! Its slightly fatty, beefy richness is cooked exactly how I love it, medium rare. This IMHO is the only steak on the menu to order. While the lesser priced steaks are alright its only a few bucks more for the ribeye. 

If you haven't tried it, the goat cheese and tomato sauce appetizer is super tasty. Creamy goat cheese melts into the tomato sauce fortifying it with amazing flavor. It comes with a slab of garlic butter soaked bread which is kind of greasy so I opted for hot fresh baguette. The frisée, kale and bacon salad make for an awesome salad that's covered with a single poached egg. You know you can put warmed egg yolks on anything and it'll taste good. The dressing is nicely acid with a slight sweetness that cuts the bacon and egg richness. So good.

Who knows, maybe my supposed standards have gone down or perhaps, just perhaps, good food is just good food no matter where it comes from. Regardless of the case one (me) doesn't need to act like an arrogant bitch about it.This place was great! Considering how pricy restaurants tend to be on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi is a great deal for its price and its location right across the bellagio fountains. 

We made a reservation using open table via yelp, and were seated inside right next to the windows, so we were able to see the fountains. We were a little late for breakfast, but they still took my friend's order for an omelette. I ended up getting an apple, chicken, and Brie panini, and my other friend went with an eggs Benedict. I thought the food and the environment were great! The baguette was delicious, and I really enjoyed my panini-scarfed the whole thing down! I am definitely returning for breakfast or lunch the next time I'm in Vegas.Mon Ami Gabi is was definitely a thumbs up for breakfast/brunch. They had a self serve Bloody Mary bar where you can mix your own drinks. I didn't actually order the Bloody Mary menu, however I thought it was a nice touch for patrons to have that option.  

The food here is pretty good although I have to start with a somewhat negative review. I ordered the Pain Au Chocolat which was hard, flaky, and dry; three eggs (white omelet style) with their chicken sausage, and a frangria to drink. They messed up my order and first gave me over medium eggs. Thankfully because I didn't touch it before our waitress got there she went ahead and fired up another set of eggs to correct the order. When I finally got the my meal I was impressed. I particularly loved the chicken sausage. It had a sweet and spicy taste to it. Really good but if you prefer the traditional sausage taste, which my husband had, is really good too. Overall great place to eat! I love the ambiance. Would have loved to have sat outdoors to enjoy the strip and people watch but that was gonna be additional waiting time for us.My wife and I had a reservation of 20 people here for brunch the day of our wedding, and things went about as well as they could have gone - we were both pleased.  We were missing a person but were still able to be seated at our reservation time, and the restaurant had no problem giving everyone separate checks (we knew they would in advance otherwise we probably wouldn't have gone here with that many people), which made everything easier for all.  The server did a good job considering how many people we had, and it didn't seem like anyone had to wait too long to get refills on drinks, and from what I could tell pretty much everyone really enjoyed their meals.

We both ordered the corned beef has, and were both impressed by how fresh and meaty the hash was - definitely seemed homemade and notches above what I would usually expect (even though we had reasonably high expectations for this spot).  Bonus points for offering gluten free toast.  Just because I'm a glutton and couldn't help myself, I also ordered a half order of the lemon marmalade crepes; it was one big crepe instead of multiples and came with sides of sweet cream.  Flavors were fantastic.

Only tip I would say is be cognizant of where this restaurant is within Paris if you're planning to get there at a certain time.  Maybe this goes without saying in Vegas, where the casinos are vast.  Our group trekked in from MGM and while it was fun to get to walk through so much of Paris, it took a while since it was all the way at one end from where we came in (took the monorail) - luckily we left early and still wound up getting there on time without issue.I've always wanted to try this place every time that I've walked passed it on the strip, and I finally did!  Thanks to a business lunch that was all paid for.

I came in still feeling wasted from the night before and having had 1 hour of sleep, so I don't know if I can rate this place correctly.  I ordered a bacon burger and I must say it was pretty bomb.  I ordered it well done and I liked the texture.  Even the bread was good.  The fries were as thin as onion strings and crispy; just the way I like 'em.

Unfortunately this was all I could eat because my mind was in a different place (probably my bed), and my body was not functioning normally.  Overall I liked the joint and would come back another time for lunch or dinner, but this time when I'm in perfect shape.... I'm not sure when that will ever happen considering this is in Vegas, haha.Reservations for dinner definitely help - huge line out the door for drop ins.  Very good food, well schooled waiters, great view.  We sat outside watching people and the fountains.  Despite the coolness factor, I would advise against it.  First - the various artists and peddlers on the sidewalk - it's loud and annoying from time to time.  Second - constant waves of cold from the a/c and the heat from the street.  Compared to that - inside the restaurant looked muted and inviting - and somehow much more "French".  Excellent experience overall!The food was well priced for what we got.  I think the service was above average but not stellar, probably what kept me from giving it 5 stars.The wife and I went to Mon Ami Gabi for my birthday dinner yesterday.  My wife made a reservation for 5:15, but then because of a show we wanted to see, she decided to play it safe and reschedule the reservation for 5:00.  This was no problem at all.

When we arrived at about 4:45, it seemed a little empty but that's because most people were outside on the patio overlooking the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  We also requested to be seated outside, and we got a table easily (Probably because it was so early).  I would recommend going closer to sunset, as we were partially exposed to the sun for the entire meal.  However, patio seating is first come, first serve so it may be a lot tougher to secure a table later in the evening... (The inside looked very romantic as well)

I tried the Frangria, which was good enough to last me the entire meal.  We started with the warm Brie and the French Onion Soup, both of which were pretty amazing.  My wife ordered the classic steak with the butter sauce, and I tried the one with the bleu cheese.  She went medium, and because I was curious about the difference, I went with medium-rare.  Both steaks were cooked as ordered, and the difference between the two was obvious.  Many restaurants, unfortunately, screw this up...  But not Mon Ami Gabi!

Even though we were pretty full after the meal, I received an ice-cream puff type thing as a birthday dessert.  That wasn't bad either.

Service was excellent!  It seemed the guy filling up water and taking away dishes was sitting behind us just waiting until the glasses or plates were empty!  Our waiter was very attentive, and while we didn't try to test out his knowledge of the food or beverages, we had zero complaints about him.  

So, for the drink, brie, soup, and two steaks, we paid about $85 before the tip.  

For the quality of the food, and the overall atmosphere compared to other restaurants, the price was right!  (Gordon Ramsay steak is an average of $100 per plate.)

While, I'll probably be more interested in trying a different steakhouse next time around (only because I like new things), we definitely want to come back and try out Mon Ami's brunch someday.Everything was just perfect here! The patio, the service, the coffee, the food...everything was on point. I just wish I came here sooner so I could come back every morning.This was one of my two favorite meals in my 10 day stay in vegas.  The service was awesome, very attentive, but not imposing.  The food was very good.  Right amount of time.  We sat outside so we were able to watch the bellagio fountains.  We had the french toast and the chicken and brie sandwich.  I really like the french toast.  It wasn't too sweet or too bland.  It wasn't too soft or too hard.  It just melted in my mouth.  Just right.What a people watching place to eat in Vegas!  Sit outside and watch the march of tourists, Elvis impersonators, Jack Sparrow with parrot, drunken locals, and more. The Bellagio water show is directly across the street  and this is a  spectacular vantage point to watch the show from.

I enjoyed a delicious glass of Sauvignon Blanc from their very large wine list along with a delicious Steak Classic with Frites.  All done perfect!

As I am writing this, the water cannons are blowing once again from the Bellagio fountains!  One of the best in Vegas!Good food, great location, great service, great place to people watch. Located in the front of the Paris hotel. Outdoor dining is available which looks over the Strip and is across from Bellagio. Sugar Factory is next door. Seating is somewhat squished in though, and you have to trek through the casino to get to the bathroom, but oh well . Place is busy , so reservations would be a good idea. Parking avail at Paris garage.I've always dreamed of going to Paris for all the perks and sight-seeing one can do in such a foreign place. Unfortunately, I've heard that the French aren't too fond of ANYTHING American :( Is that true? Because I like the French. Most especially the food! I haven't been able to go to Paris yet, but the Paris Hotel may be the closest I will get to being there for a while, so, I shall enjoy what I have at the moment.

The very first time I went here was with my girlfriend on date. Often times we like to tour the city as if we've never been here and well, Mon Ami Gabi was already her favorite and she introduced this elegant place on the Las Vegas strip. I would recommend calling ahead for reservations as this place tends to become very busy and crowded. If you're lucky enough, request for the patio and it places you right across the street from the Bellagio fountains. It is a spectacular feat when you're with that special person enjoying a lovely dinner! :)

As soon as your server greets, you'll be asked for your choice of drink. I'm a water person so, I'll always get water. For you wine and champagne drinkers, ask your server what they would recommend with your meal. The servers are pretty knowledgable of the perfect dinner match. They'll serve with French bread and a carrot salad or slaw. It doesn't come with very much flavor so if you're worried about ruining your palette for what's to come, you needn't worry.  We usually order the steamed mussels in a leek cream.  It changed recently so it isn't as great as it used to be.  The whole serving size isn't the same size as what it used to be, so you won't get as much as before, but still a tasty appetizer.

And now for the main course.......
Filet with red wine reduction and merlot butter cooked to medium :9""" yum! This is my girlfriend's favorite steak for 1) The flavor of the reduction with the merlot butter, 2) the merlot butter, 3) The way the steak is cooked to perfection so that it melts in your mouth! Mmm... The filet is also served with frites (french fries). I have tried the different steaks like the Steak Roquefort (bleu cheese sauce) and the Steak Bordelaise (red wine). It depends on the flavor you're craving but regardless of which steak you're ordering, your choice will always be a tasty one. I've returned numerous times to enjoy the service, the atmosphere, and most of all the food. I'm already looking forward to the next time while typing this review. So I would definitely return! Enjoy and happy eating!Everything about this place was perfect. From the wait time, the view, the food and the service. Everything A+. We were going to make reservations for Sunday night but realized that the patio seating is first come first serve.  I think that's fair enough. They quoted us 45-60 minutes and we were seated at 60 minutes.  We watched the fountains at Bellagio throughout our entire meal, it was epic. I dined here about 10 years ago but they really changed their menu. It was incredible. We started off with the baked goat cheese and bread which was to die for. We also got a gratin of French onion soup, the best I've ever had. My boyfriend ordered the New York strip with peppercorn sauce and I had the pasta with veggies and goat cheese.  We are foodies and let me tell you, I don't even like steak, and it was the best I've ever tasted.  It was tender, cooked to perfection; and the peppercorn sauce was outrageous. My pasta was freshly made and it was out of this world.  Perfect way to end our vacation in Vegas.  Definitely go at night and wait for patio seating... I promise it's worth it!Love Mon Ami Gabi. The food is unique, ambiance is one of the best on the strip and for a local it's easy to get into (if you park at valet).

My favorite thing on their menu is the skinny pancakes. I usually only go for breakfast or weekend brunch. I've been there maybe 20 times, usually 2 or 3 times a month. A cup of their great coffee, with those great pancakes (I prefer the simple cinnamon) and a couple slices of their flavorful coated bacon is heaven. And you can enjoy the great views and beautifully decorated restaurant. 

I tend to only repeat at restaurants on the strip if they are memorable. Good food and good ambiance is great but memorable food and something you can't find just anywhere is gets you 5 stars in my book.Of my top 5 favorite restaurants in as Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is my go-to place for all things visitor, birthday, or steak and fries related. If I don't make it to this great place at least 3 times a year, something is seriously wrong. 

Let me summarize the main reasons why this eatery should be on your list of places to try while in Vegas (and if you live here, why it should be in your top 5)

The food, service, and decor are a much higher standard than the price point. Sure- you can get impeccable 3 course meal, 5 star service , and white table cloth upscale dining elsewhere, but can you think of a place where you can get all three for less than $50 a person? I know of only two other places in Vegas that give you this level of value, and they only do it for lunch and one is hit or miss on the quality.  
The steaks. As a foodie and self proclaimed grill god, I make my own at home, with only one exception- Mon Ami Gabi. It 's the sauces and fries that keep me coming back. 
Everyone loves the atmosphere! If your entertaining a visitor, or celebrating something with a fellow local, there is a special quality about this restaurant  that everyone loves. I have yet to meet anyone that doesn't rave about MAG. 
.Was surprised to have a nice dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris LV Resort.   We came here for a late lunch and it was very nice compared to what you get for the same price at the awful buffets that we tried on the strip.

We were seated in the glass atrium which had a great view of the Bellagio water display and was air conditioned to beat the August heat.   I ordered the Salmon Citrus Salad.  My husband ordered a simple Croque Monsieur.  We shared an app of escargot.  The meal comes with a nice french baguette and butter.   The food was great. 

The staff was extremely friendly and responsive.  We were surprised to see a French family sitting across from us enjoying a leisurely meal.Another great dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi. There were 2 of us and we decided to share everything.  We started with the baked goat cheese, always a favorite.  We shared a full order of mussels and macaroni gratin (mac n cheese) and Brussel sprouts.  The mussels were big and juicy, macaroni gratin is made with gruyere and was very yummy, Brussel sprouts were made with bacon making them very flavorful.  I have been here many times and am never disappointed.Mon Ami Gabi whisks me away on a journey of deliciousity. 

Located in Paris hotel in a prominent location offering both indoor and patio seating Mon Ami Gabi has a steady stream of diners and can become very busy. The wait times can stretch over an hour, and the patio and dining room wait times are segregated so there's no getting the first available. 

The restaurant has a classic ambiance with a gentle French theme. Nothing garish, nothing thematic, just very classic. The menu offers a nice variety at decent prices. 

Recently I came here for breakfast and ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast. I will admit, I was a little skeptical because as much as I love French Toast I often find restaurants drench it in butter and syrup and it becomes sugar toast. I was immediately pleased to see the portion sizes were reasonable. It was incredibly filling, but I didn't feel overly stuffed or defeated. 

The French Toast was simply amazing. They had a light caramel sauce over the pieces and these delicious carmalized banana slices that popped with flavor. They weren't overly mushy either instead with a nice firm texture. The French Toast itself was perfect. Fluffy, but firm with just enough bananas foster flavor that I recalled the similarity to the dessert without feeling like I was eating dessert. The dish came with maple syrup and fresh whipped cream on the side in individual dishes. I would dab my toast pieces in the whipped cream but left the maple syrup alone. I felt that the maple syrup overwhelmed the banana foster flavor and saw no point in doing that. It was amazingly delicious. 

So, why a 4 instead of a 5? Well, the service isn't remarkable. It feels very mechanized with everyone going through the same routine over and over until patrons are simply numbers and mouths to fill and usher out. There's no warmth, no energy among the staff here. Our waiter came, took our order, checked on how our food came out, and delivered our check. He never smiled, never broke a monotone, barely made eye contact and every person was like that from the ladies at the front desk to the people refilling our water. It felt impersonal. 

But the food is delicious!So freaking good! Came for brunch and was blown away by the deliciousness. Had the quiche Lorraine which was great, and then the seafood crepe. Champagne was phenomenal! Great service. Cozy atmosphere, sat inside and the tables are close but private enough.We he'd brunch on a Saturday morning Easter weekend. Waited about 5 minutes for an inside table. Wife had the crab cakes and I had the corn beef hash. We were both impressed with the food and the service.  Recommend.Our go-to breakfast spot while visiting Vegas! Ever since we discovered this place we have not had a trip where we failed to visit them. 

We always order the French toast and a savory dish to counterbalance all that sweet yumminess. Their French toast is the best French toast I have ever eaten! It comes with a berry topping and whipped cream, but is surprisingly not overly sweet. The two savory dishes that we have tried and loved, so far, are the egg white omelette and an eggs benedict special. 

The service here is always perfect and I love that they take reservations. It's a perfect way to start the day in Vegas B)Overall the restaurant meets the high expectation for a establishment with a Chef who at one point cooked for Eiffel Tower guests. The delicious flavors were reminiscent of classical French cuisine,Weekday lunch no reservation needed.  Great service and great food as well.  Heres the summary:
Complementary bread - hot right out of the oven
Sangria - pretty awesome, lots of depth with the spices vs fruity sugary sangrias
Escargot - butterygarlicygoodness
Steak sandwich - cooked to perfection
Fries - thinly sliced and delicious
Staff - very helpful, informative, and courteous
Ambience - very relaxing and enjoyable
We took a nice warm table on the inside since it was 40s and windy outside.  Its nice that they have that option since the outside sets you along the busy strip to people watch, while the inside provides a intimate dinning setting.  They are known for their Steak which I would want to try on a future occasion (not in a sandwich).  They also have great hours (open late) which makes this place always an option for those awesome vegas nights.This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to on the strip. Fantastic to sit on the patio on a nice day/night.

Being a vegetarian I am always limited to sides and salads on the strip. This place offers great sides and they also do a vegetarian platter which is a huge sampling plate of veggies. (whipped cauliflower very good!)
During lunch, they do a good veggie burger.
My favorite thing right now at this place is the warm brie cheese with honey and pepper and Frangria (French Sangria) - so good.

Can be very romantic as you are right across the Bellagio fountain show and under the Eiffel tower. Great atmosphere!I was in Las Vegas for a convention and staying at the Aria. After days of hotel food compliments of our hosts, I was really craving something spectacular. The reviews sounded promising, so we decided to give it a try. The ambiance and view were great - right across from the Bellagio fountains. We got to see the water show every 15 minutes which was fun. It was freezing out but the heat lamps kept us warm enough. Service there is top notch and we loved our waiter.

As for food, we ordered two bowls of the french onion soup. I thought it was okay but I've had better. I liked that they used gruyere cheese but I thought that there was just way too much cheese and that the soup was a bit salty for my taste. 

As an appetizer we ordered the Chicken Pate. This by far was my favorite for the night. The little pickles and bread they served with the Pate complimented it just perfectly. 

For the entree, I had the filet mignon which was tender and flavorful but not the best filet I've had. The sauce was pretty good and I enjoyed myself. 

Top this off with a glass of Merlot and good company - recipe for a wonderful evening. I would definitely bring some friends back here for dinner again. I'll have to try other items on their menu but I'm definitely ordering the Pate again!Went there for breakfast only. A few times. Not up to the level of nearby Bouchon at the Venetian, but cheaper and strategically located near the "Eiffel Tower" just a few steps from the Strip sidewalk with an excellent view of the Bellagio area. 
Good quality omelettes, strong coffee, everything under control.Amazing. Food is spectacular. The quiche is to die for! Request for David to be your server, he was great.Came here for lunch on a Saturday.  The French onion soup is a must!  My chicken, mushrooms, kale and brie crepe was fabulous, those ingredients blended well together and the hollandaise sauce was not overbearing.  A carafe of the delicious and bunchy (yep, I make up words) St. Germain cocktail is the way to go.

Venue Tips: If you go, try to get a spot on the patio before the hour strikes 2 pm, for a nice showing of the Bellagio fountains in action (the fountains start their thing beginning 2 pm, on the hour and through the evening).  Warning there is scant shade on the patio and you may be in full sun, so bring your sunscreen.A great bang-for-your-buck in Vegas-- really!

Where else can you sit outside with a view of the Bellagio watershow, have a meal of escargot, steak, and dessert for about $40-50?  Ok, there are plenty of places to grab a steak in Vegas with a decent view of the Strip, but I thought this place was excellent and a good price for what you get.

We had a group of five on a Friday night and walked right up and got a table inside right away (it was January, so we didn't want to sit outside).  The service was good, the only thing I thought was weird was serving their warm and fresh bread in a piece of parchment paper on a plate-- I mean, come on, even chains like Mimi's spring for a bread basket with a cloth napkin.  And yes, Mon Ami Gabi is a chain as well, but a small chain.  

The appetizers were fab-- escargot and scallops were the best in my opinion.  In fact, I think next time I'm back, I'm going to get two orders of scallops and a salad... and a steak too?  The wine and champagne we had were pretty good and fairly priced.  And the steak was perfect!  I ordered it pretty rare and they did a perfect job-- and what a deal for $25 for steak.

Dress code is probably smart casual-- you could get away with jeans.  We were pretty dressed up but didn't feel over dressed for a Friday night.

They also have breakfast and lunch that looked good on their online menu and after having dinner there, I'd go back for any meal.

The service was overall good, but I'd like a little more schmoozing ;)So many casino restaurants are a crap chute.  High prices, seemingly lovely menus....but then you get your food and you're like "WTF, I'm paying how much for this?!".

Mon Ami Gabi is a breath of fresh air. Located at the very front of Paris, it's the perfect spot for a casual lunch OR a romantic dinner.  Great for big groups, but also comfy if you're dining solo. 

The menu has something for everyone, the wine list is decent and the service is top notch. But best of all (two things):
1. The food is incredible 
2. The prices are reasonable 

All of the steak frite are delicious.  Cooked exactly as your order and the beef is so tender and so flavorful.  The kale and bacon salad is to die for.  The duck l'orange and asparagus soup (both specials the day we visited) were two of the best things we've ever tasted. 

We love Mon Ami Gabi!We really enjoyed breakfast here. Great seat out on the strip, they have heaters for chilly mornings. The quiche was delicious and rich, and the waffle was crispy and warm topped with ripe, sweet strawberries. The combination of the location, sevice, and food made this a most excellent experience for us. We would definitely consider dinner or lunch after this experience.Went here for brunch on a girls weekend getaway.  The ham and spinach crepe topped with egg was yummy and hearty (big portions), but my favorite was the Bloody Mary bar!  I would go back just for that!  So good!Might be one of the best #foodielicious scallop dishes I have ever eaten in my lifetime. The scallops were cooked to perfection and served with vegetables that were co-stars in the show. I don't like peas, but the pea puree was incredible. I wanted to lick my plate! If you do anything or order anything...order and eat the caramelized sea scallops. If I was in Vegas right now I would go to dinner and eat the scallops.

What made the scallops even better...the service was impeccable and the view was 5 stars! Our server was Assaouir and she knows her stuff. I ordered the scallops and she new the perfect wine to pair with the dish. She was so friendly and had excellent knowledge of the food and wine. 

And if the food quality and service is not good enough for you...go for the view! We sat on the patio and had a view of the strip sitting underneath the Eiffel Tower and across the street from the Bellagio fountain show. Every 10-15 minutes a new song and fountain show was entertaining us. 

Oh, and not to be forgotten is the fresh french baguettes that are served with delish butter. We also ordered dessert...this menu is top notch! The service was on par and the view is world class and classic Vegas. But the sea scallops...they were the star of the show! Don't miss this place...it's worth every penny!Fantastic all around. We had an incredible view of the fountains at the bellagio while dining. Bottle of rose champagne, salmon, and lemon creme brule, all perfect. Highly recommended!!The food here is exquisite. I've been multiple times; I come here every time I'm in Vegas. The service is great, the food is great, the ambiance is great. The restaurant is pretty expensive but completely worth it. Absolutely a great place to be when you feel like dressing fancy and having a classy evening on the Strip.As far as steakhouses goes - this is a wonderful option as far as price points go. Because it's not only a steakhouse, you get a fantastic menu with seafood, steaks, poultry and a small amount of vegetarian fare. I chose the dijon steak frites option and it was excellent. I almost went for the pork chop but really needed a dose of iron. I had the caesar to start and it was quite unique; the chili oil definitely gives it a kick. You can barely taste the anchovy, which some people would like. 

The wine and spirits is list is impressive and the ambiance is fantastic; dark and romantic. It's a bustling environment just like a busy cafe along the streets of Paris. But a look outside the 'windows' has you starting at slot machines.

Definitely make a reservation through OpenTable before approaching as the line runs long most evenings.One of the best French bistros in America! And it's in Vegas?!!  The ambiance of this place brings me back to Paris. Which is appropriate, considering it's located at the Paris Hotel & Casino :-). We had brunch here on a Sunday afternoon, so it was obviously very busy. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive despite the fact that she had multiple tables to serve. We started with adult beverages and the onion soup. C'est magnifique! The soup was warm and savory with very robust flavors. Lots of gruyere cheese and baguette slices to accompany. The beer selection is rather European as well. I opted for a Blanche du Bruxelles, a Belgian white brewski with hints of spices & citrus, while my boyfriend had a Kronenbourg, which I have always referred to as the French Miller Lite due to its light lager flavor. For our entrée, we split the seafood crepes.....scallops, shrimp, peas and cream.....to die for! On your next trip to Vegas, this place is a must stop!went here with some girlfriends for dinner. The atmosphere is fun. The food was delicious, on time, and properly made. We had 2 bottles of champagne. Everything was reasonably priced. I also have sat outside for brunch a few times, yum! great mimosa's and eggs benedict. Servers were polite and all staff was courteous. this is a place I always suggest when friends or family are visiting vegas :)I had an excellent dinner experience here on a Friday night. We sat right by the window and go to watch the Bellagio water show. I ordered the filet with a side of the cauliflower mash. Delicious. I am Paleo, so it was nice that they had options for gluten-free, although the fresh french bread looked pretty amazing. 

I came back the next afternoon for lunch/brunch on Sunday, and the food was great, but the service was sub-par. The server, I believe his name was Jose, was not friendly. Maybe he was having a bad day, which we all have, but it was unfortunate it had to impact our experience. My grandma asked him for a glass of ice, and he completely forgot to get it. Another server, at our request, had to bring it over. When taking our order, he seemed to be distracted. My mom asked if the kale salad had bacon, and he said it did. She asked if she can have it on the side. He said she could not because it was in the dressing. My mom got the salad, with bacon on the salad, and the dressing on the side (that had no bacon in it). The man who delivered the food was very nice, and took the food back. He apologized. Our server did not apologize, never said anything about giving us incorrect information, just said the other salad is on the way. 

I recommend this place for dinner. It was great. It was too bad we received the bad service at lunch, but I would still try it again.Yup, believe the hype and rating, this place is definitely worth trying.  Made a reservation and at 6pm they had seats available still on the patio where the view is definitely worth the wait if there was one.

I went with the french onion soup which was pretty good, though would've preferred if it had a crispier crouton on top instead of something a little too mushy.  That was pretty much my only complaint with this place.

For the main meal I had the steak bordelaise and I was very happy.  Huge portion, steak cooked nice and rare, great sauce, and the frites were very good.

If you're in town and looking for a very reasonably priced dinner that will leave you full, this is definitely the spot.  I just wish we weren't in a rush to make our show time, otherwise I would've happily stayed for dessert.Had the best steak everrrrr... Fillet Mignon Merlot was great!!! And the view of the Bellagio fountain was also nice. Try to sit outdoor though, I think it's part of the experience. It's a bit pricey but if you think of the food quality and ambience, it's really pretty reasonable :)We ordered salmon egg Benedict and corned beef hash poached egg. These are delicious. We love it. Patio or near the window is a good spot.Busy restaurant, but if you can ask for a patio seat it's well worth it. Great food, excellent service and perfect view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain in the evening time. Prices were decent and food selection was broad. I would definitely go back here again!Love Mon Ami Gabi.  The food is great and the atmosphere is trendy and welcoming.

I like the French Onion Soup, but they have a huge selection of wonderful items.

The service is great 99.9% of the time, so let's just say close to perfect.I'm always a little leery about casino restaurants.  And I know, you're all saying..."But, Damon, Vegas is becoming a gourmet capitol."  Yes, I'm aware of this, but, that doesn't mean that there aren't stinkers out there.

Thankfully, Gabi is not one of them.  I've been to Gabi for a wedding party. 
A simple friends get together.  And on Valentine's Day.  Every trip was completely worth the bill.

I'm not gonna give a run down of the menu, mostly because this is the kind of restaurant where you could close you're eyes and point, no matter where it lands you gonna have  a wonderful meal.  ( but make sure what it lands on isn't something you're allergic to, that would suck.)This place is my go-to restaurant while I am in Vegas for business or pleasure. If traveling alone, head over to the bar and grab a drink. Most people there are just waiting for their table to get setup, so you'll have a seat in no time. The bartender last night was a delight; quick wit and good drink recommendations. I went with the bone-in ribeye, which was perfectly cooked, and the garlic spinach, instead of the frites (fancy fries). Both the steak and side were delicious. Make sure you try the merlot butter sauce for your steak, it's out of this world. You can also sit outside and get some good people watching in, or witness one of the Bellagio fountain shows.As a Las Vegas local, this is my "go-to" restaurant on the Strip.  The view is one of the best, but food is just as good.  I went last month after picking up some friends from Michigan.  They arrived late and were hungry when I brought them to their hotel at Paris, so I suggested we get a bite at Mon Ami Gabi.  They were open until 12am that night, so it was perfect.  We arrived just after 11pm, and as a former restaurant employee, I know how disappointed I used to be when people would come just before closing.  I have also experienced staff at other restaurants acting rude whenever I have been there within an hour from closing.  Not here.  The staff was very friendly and my friends loved it.  I got the scallops (my usual) and they were as wonderful as ever.  My friends got salmon and salads.  Everything was great!  I will always tell friends to come here.  Thanks Mon Ami!Great food! Excellent service once you get seated. Never arrive hungry because the front desk is worst tI was surprised at how good the food was here. I wasn't expecting it to be so good. Prices really aren't to bad at lunch time either. Try the lobster roll its amazing and light yet filling.A surprisingly chill (and delicious) place to drop in for a late breakfast on The Strip. Can't speak for it after dark, but assuming it probably gets a bit out of control. Will definitely consider it again for a morning pick-me-up.Pretty awesome gluten free. Although Beth was not happy to be here sadly and was very quick to answer questions about celiac disease. Which should be talked about calmly and with confidence. 

I don't think she was interested in us. The servers around us though looked simply amazing.

Gluten free bun. Gluten free fries in a designated fryer. Coffee that was sooooo good. Also Beth wasn't excited when we asked about milk substitute. We're not stupid we just can't have milk. 

Overall. Awesome spot. You will love the view. Worth it!If you can, sit out on the patio. From your table, you should be able to see the Bellagio fountain show while sipping bellinis.  We had to wait a bit for a table (lunch) but it was worth it.  The quality of food was outstanding...I highly recommend the quiche.Not my first visit but certainly one of the best. Our waitress was beyond attentive and fun to deal with. We ate arctic char this night. What a wonderful treat. I made a reservation in OpenTable you did not have to wait in the rather long line to get seated.One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas because the quality and type of food they serve is comparable to what I ate when I went to Paris. I like their escargot - garlicky and simple, cooked the correct way as the French would.  Great steak frites - I like mine cooked medium rare.  It is a thin piece of steak and it's buttery and comes with frites which are very crispy (please don't ask for steak sauce!!!).  Warm Brie cheese - creamy and is perfect with their warm baguette. Croque Monsieur - the presentation is a bit different.  Instead of egg or melted cheese on top, theirs is cheese on top but it's not melted and the whole sandwich itself is lacking creaminess and it comes with frites as well but it's quite alright. 

You can't go to a French restaurant without having chocolate mousse and profiteroles.  The chocolate mousse is semi-sweet so it's bitter and a bit sweet - the perfect chocolate!  It's smooth as silk and melts in your mouth.  You have to trust this chocoholic!  The profiteroles are cream puffs with vanilla ice cream drizzled in chocolate fudge sauce.  That's a pretty graphic description so I don't think an explanation is necessary.

They're always and I mean ALWAYS busy.  Be smart and reserve a table at least 24 hours ahead.  Their patio has an excellent view of Bellagio's fountain show.  Think date night.

Service has been consistently good no matter how busy they are.  I always leave Mon Ami happy.One of my all time favorite places to eat dinner.  Great food and great service for a reasonable price, considering you are on The Strip in big LV.  I always have the Ribeye steak with papas and it has never disappointed. Outstanding Martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives. The wait can be a bit long, but considering all you get, including an exciting, up tempo atmosphere, it is worth it. IGreat meal for a reasonable price in las Vegas. The warm egg and bacon salad is incredible. The sea scallop dinner is also very good-the butternut squash purée is the perfect touch. Bonus: great views of the fountain show at the bellagio.The food and wine was amazing, but the super high price is going to make this a 4-star.  Although I must admit that the price was a direct result of ordering numerous glasses of wine rather than a bottle.  Dumb.  But it was the best meal we had in Vegas, so call it a 4.5I am IN LOVE with the patio atmosphere. I would gladly wait 30+ minutes to have a good table out there on a nice day. 

We made reservations for 2 people at about 12:45pm and still had to wait 15 minutes. But was well worth it!

They start you off with a Mon Ami Gabi baguette and butter. AMAZING, 5 stars! and they give you another baguette when you're done with the first.

french onion soup - 4 stars. Big enough to share. LOTS AND LOTS of cheese!

crab cake ($15) - 4 stars. one large crab cake over some cabbage and some kind of cream sauce. Really tasty when eaten together but I'm not sure if its worth $15.

Steak Sandwich - 3 stars. The waiter didn't tell us that they drench the sandwich in mayonnaise. I usually am okay with mayo but this was too much. Steak was okay.. 

Fries - 2 stars. What's the hype with these? 

Overall the experience was good. I just really enjoyed the patio atmosphere and the music they play. The food was good but nothing spectacular.. perhaps ill be back for the steak everyone talks about.Oh my goodness this place is magical. The location inside the Paris is key, the service is phenOm, and the food is gold.
Order any of the steaks, French onion soup, goat cheese/ tomato apps! 
Skip the branzino :)I have been meaning to write a review about this restaurant for quite some time now! This place is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE brunch place in Las Vegas!!! If your in Vegas for the weekend you NEED to come here for brunch and sit on the patio. Sitting on the patio makes the whole experience. This restaurant is at the Paris Hotel and you can watch the Bellagio water show as you sit in the sun on the patio talking to friends. AMAZING! Have to always come here when I'm in Vegas.We had a great meal and service.  We came early to get a patio table to people watch the strip.  The large prawn cocktail was as I had expected it would be.  The steaks were prepared as requested and had great flavor.  Our deserts were delicious.  The service was excellent by the busser & server.  It was the best buss service we've received in months.Mon Ami Gabi

Having a meal on the terrace in the evening sits you right across the Bellagio and it's light show.  Wonderful seat!

I do have a gluten allergy and this restaurant does a great job at ensuring my safety.
Our waiter and host were friendly.  I'm not much for french cuisine but my friends are.  They loved the food and wine.  My meal was tasty too, large portions I couldn't finish.  I loved their gluten free bread.  I toast the same UDI brand at home but for some reason.  It tasted way better when they did it.

I would recommend this restaurant.

I took one star off because the restaurant had a weird funky smell to it.  Perhaps they use an old mop or something.  It was kind of a turn off (I stayed at Encore so I was already wowed by the best).

Also I wasn't a HUGE fan of the food.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't amazing to me eitherFor a restaurant on the strip, it's affordable.  And the steak is really good.  I didn't really want to have to write anything though.  It's good though!There's no better place in Vegas for lunch than Mon Ami Gabi. Make sure to ask for a table on the patio to get an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains!very good steak frites, onion soup, cocktails, and desserts. the view from the patio is definitely worth the wait. standard french bistro food, catered to an american audience.Nous avons fait notre repas de mariage hier soir chez mon ami Gabi... enfin un repas correct depuis notre arrivée!!!
Tous les plats commandés étaient goûteux et excellent. Le vin.. un régal
Les serveurs sont aimables et attentionnés.
Bien sûr, on paie le standing mais comparer à d'autres "bouiboui" du coin où on paie 3 carafes de bière 80€, je préfère les dépenser dans un bon restaurant!Bar staff in patio is amazing. Marlin and Adrian were very friendly and just made our day. Adrian suggested the scalops which were a great recomdation..the duck that marinated for 24hrs are to die for !! make it a point to stop by locals !!Excellent service and food, whether you're looking for breakfast or dinner. The gluten free waffles with blueberries are so light, fluffy and tasty. If two of you are interested in different items, try splitting the GF waffles and the omelets. For dinner, the peppercorn steak and French fries are perfect for sharing if you're getting an appetizer and drinks. Be sure to enjoy this restaurant and sit outside and enjoy the view.We have been to Mon Ami Gabi multiple times for dinner, almost every time we go to Las Vegas, and it has always been consistently excellent. The ambience is cozy and romantic. The food is delicious and the service is very attentive. We usually get the baked goat cheese hors d'oeuvre and french onion soup as starters (they also bring a yummy freshly baked baguette with butter) and the steak frites for dinner (au poivre and roquefort are our faves). Like others have stated, it's nice to dine outside when the weather is warm and watch the Bellagio water fountains. Make a reservation to avoid a long wait!We stop here almost every trip to Vegas and have always been very happy with the food. Beautiful views on the patio and great service. Great menu!I have vacationed regularly in Vegas for over 15 years and I've eaten at many places on the strip.  Everytime I visit I must eat at Mon Ami.  I absolutely love it and it is, hands down, my favorite restaurant there.

There are lots of great foodie experiences up and down the strip, and it's important to do your research before blowing up your wallet on something that turns out to be underwhelming, which can easily happen.  That's why I always go back to Mon Ami.  It is consistently good, from the food to the service, and their prices are reasonable, particularly when it comes to steak.  At some of the celebrity chef owned steakhouses on the strip, you could easily spend $40-$60 just on the meat without blinking an eye, and what you spend doesn't always match the quality.  The steaks aren't bad, per se, they just aren't, in my opinion, always worth it.

Mon Ami's steaks are terrific - whether you get the steak bordelaise or the filet mignon.  Excellent quality cow, and always cooked perfectly.  They have other offerings, but I always go for the steaks.  Their apps are great, too - I usually go for the escargot, but their oysters are also excellent.  The atmosphere is very cozy, very parisian bistro (as one would expect at Paris), with a fabulous outdoor patio that sits directly across from the Bellagio, so you get a terrific view of the fountains, as well as prime people watching, from this vantage point.  Excellent cocktails and very nice wine selection.

Also, if you're looking for a place to have a private dinner party, Mon Ami is the place.  I wound up having my 30th birthday dinner party there after looking at other options.  A lot of the trendy hot spots required you to have a set/limited menu starting at ridiculous prices.  At Mon Ami, there was an expected minimum to spend for the bill, but my guests could order whatever they wanted, which was important to me.  The private room was absolutely perfect - held about 20 people comfortably and had large glass windows with a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio fountains - what a magical setting!  

Mon Ami is also a place that shouldn't be overlooked for breakfast/brunch.  Wonderful selection of sweet and savory, from crepes to omlets - and, if you go for an early breakfast or late lunch, you have a much better chance of getting a patio table.  Even if you have reservations, it's always first come first served for the patio, and the wait can be very long at peek hours.

For wheelchair users, the aisles in the restaurant are wide and spacious with lots of room to navigate.  The tables are aptly spaced, which makes seating comfortable.  The patio can be tight when it's crowded, but definitely take advantage of it during off times.  It's worth the view.As a Local it's my absolute favorite spot to take visitors.  Dining on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains is just quintessential Vegas.  The Pomme Frites are spot on, and the soups yummy!Love this place. It is in the center of the strip and if you are lucky to sit outside, the people watching is fantastic. You are right in front of the Bellagio fountains which is also a great site to see when in town. My fiance and I were in town for birthday celebrations and was pleasantly surprised to be able to get a seat at 11am on a Sunday morning. We booked reservations maybe an hour ahead. This place is usually crowded, so always try and call ahead. We got front row seats and enjoyed mimosas and cappucinos. The food is not authentic French, but close enough. Pretty tasty, but if you are counting calories, these butter rich meals are not for you. All in all a great sunday brunch. Highly recommed when you are in town.When I went on vacation in Las Vegas, I had French toast for brunch in this restaurant. This is the best French toast I have ever had in my life. Thick bread with very delicious blueberry sauce (if I remember correctly). Wow, if I have a chance to go back, I will definitely not miss this restaurant. The service was very good. The patio is awesome!!! You can see Bellagio fountain dancing in every half an hour.One of the best places to go. Service is amazing, view is great and food is always yummy.  Been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner throughout all my vegas visits. They never disappoint. The steak sandwich is great to share. The baked goat cheese with warm bread is always a hit. There's a Bloody Mary bar on the weekends. Just a great place. Make sure to call ahead for patio seating. Heat lamps are on outside when it's chilly. Table by the window inside is perfect too. Enjoy!!!Went for a coffee and breakfast one early morning. Cool air outside, little noise on the street (YET) and had a wonderful one hour experience. I do not know if I could sit on the patio during lunch or dinner....just too damn much noise from the street.My friends and I stopped by for a late lunch.  We only had a few hours before dinner so we weren't super hungry.  I ordered the baked brie (served with roasted garlic and toasted bread), one of my friends ordered the arugula salad with walnuts, grapefruit and goat cheese, and my other friend ordered the smoked salmon (served with bread, capers and creme fraiche).  We ordered a small carafe of a St. Germaine cocktail (it was $12.50 for the carafe and we got about 5 short drinks out of it).  Before our food came out they brought us warm bread with delicious butter, and this grated carrot salad marinated in honey along with other things.  It was delicious! Our food came out shortly after and we loved all three of our dishes.  I forget our servers name but he was super nice and prompt.  I would love to go back to try their entrees.  Our dishes were a little bit pricey but definitely not too bad for being on the strip.We had a lovely time at Mon Ami Gabi before seeing "O" across the street at the Bellagio. Reservations are a must unless you arrive early or are prepared to wait. The restaurant is affordable fine dining for the Strip (if you can't splurge for Michelin-starred Robuchon or Nobu) so we thoroughly enjoyed it but only noticed a few drawbacks. 

It was cold and rainy outside so we skipped the patio (though it did have heat lamps) and we liked the fancy, romantic atmosphere inside. The entrance to the restaurant is inside the Paris casino, so there definitely is the smell of smoke inside the restaurant - not overpowering but a little disappointing. 

The service was very professional - our waitress asked us our evening plans and made sure our food arrive promptly so we could get to it on time. We loved the complimentary warm baguette with butter and the small plate of pickled shredded beets that accompanies it. 

Food was delicious. I had the Roquefort steak (blue cheese sauce) with frites and though I ordered it medium-well, I was very thankful when it came out an absolutely perfect medium (usually I order MW because some restaurants either over- or under-cook their medium). The dollop of blue cheese spread over the meat was divine and the size of the steak was perfect - generous but not too heavy. The frites were good, but a bit too salty to finish them all.

My friend ordered the salmon tartare, served in a lovely glass with avocado and a side of gaufrette chips (thinly-sliced waffle chips) that seemed to be house-made. The plate was garnished with assorted olives and caper berries. She loved it all. 

My other friend ordered the warm goat cheese salad - mixed greens, oven-dried tomatoes, and herbs served with a warm, creamy, mustardy but light vinaigrette. It was simple but right en pointe. 

This place is very popular for a reason - it's centrally located and very reasonably-priced for a delicious dinner right in the middle of all the excitement. We all loved our dinners, but the finer details of a 5-star experience just weren't there - the tables were a little too close together (probably to accommodate as many guests as possible), which wasn't a problem until it got very busy right when we left and two other patrons had to literally squeeze into the table next to us. It also is awkward that you have to walk through part of the casino to get to the restrooms, which were not very clean and crowded with casino patrons. Even though smoking is not permitted in the restaurant, we wished there wasn't associated-casino smoke floating in.

All in all, we'd definitely return, but knowing those things ahead of time can prepare you for a great dinner and just a good dining experience.Cute cafe outside of the Paris Hotel.  Their outdoor seating (on a good day) has always attracted my attention but when I went I had to sit indoors to escape the heat and crazy winds.

The interior decor was great and made me feel like I was actually in Paris (err, not sure how authentic it is since i've never been but for the likes of me, it was perfect!)

Best Muscles I've ever eaten in life. I will be back for more... entree order this time.We ate here for breakfast and we loved it so much, we had to go back!  Everything was amazing and waitstaff was super friendly and helpful.  I don't understand the bad reviews at all!  Baguette with nutella was delicious, special benedict was delicious, and french toast with blueberry compote was amazing.Right when we were seated we were given an apple and raddish starter, complimentary of the chef.  It was a nice palate cleanser and a surprisingly delightful gesture.  

We started with the Butter Lettuce and Apple Salad with Beets and Aged Goat Cheese and Onion Soup Au Gratin.  Then we shared the Smoked Salmon with Brioche and Creme Fraiche, and the Skate Wing with Garlic Potato Chips.  Everything tasted amazing!  

We sat on the patio directly across from the Bellagio fountains and we loved the ambiance!  As cheesy as a fake Parisian Eiffel Tower is, the restaurant has a really romantic vibe and we really enjoyed the ambiance.  

Tip:  The wait was an hour long for patio seating, so make reservations or be prepared to wait.  Good thing the pager works anywhere inside the casino!We came here for brunch and were satisfied with everything we ordered. We got the blueberry french toast, seafood crepe, salmon salad, and the corned beef hash & eggs. The free baguette that came out with butter was warm and yummy. My sister and I don't really like sweet breakfast foods, like french toast, nor savory crepes, but we were surprised (in a good way) that the french toast and creamy seafood crepe fit our tastes perfectly. It was on the pricier side for brunch, but I would say that if you are visiting Vegas and want a good place to eat (with a good view of Bellagio and the fountains), this is a good choice!I liked this place. Would I go back? maybe. To many choices to just go to one place in Vegas.
The scallops were very good and the seared tuna salad was OK. Problem is I have had amazing seared ahi tuna salad so my judgment was probably impaired. For the price I was very happy, in this town especially on the strip you pay too much for crap. 
If you wondering were to go and you near go ahead and mozy on in you wont be disappointed.Went here awhile ago - was pleasantly surprised that they had good veggie options (not always the case in Vegas, sadly!)I'm usually skeptical of anything French and anything bistro, but this place rekindled my hope for both these things. Duck confit, filet mignon, chocolate mousse was all excellent. What topped it off was the efficient service. Got in, got out in an hour!Best restaurant in Las Vegas.  Period.  

The service is amazing.  The food is wonderful.  "Classic Quiche Lorraine" is a french dish with simple ingredients, Eggs, Bacon & Onion, but i have to say "It's the best thing i ate in Vegas".  

Dont forget to make reservation.  Anyway, if you live or visit Vegas, you don't want to miss this awesome restaurant.We decided to eat breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris Hotel. We were fortunate a table for 6 was available outside on the patio. Patio seating is first come first serve. We enjoyed views of the strip while eating a delicious breakfast. Two of us ordered the spinach and goat cheese omelet, the eggs Benedict and two ordered the three eggs and hash browns and one ordered the eggs bacon and cheese crepes. The service and food was delicious. The roasted rosemary that came with the dish was fabulous !  We crumbled it in our omelets and bread and it was so tasty !  So much so I am going to try to roast rosemary when I get home !  Recommend this place for breakfast !This is one of those few restaurants in Vegas that are not insanely expensive and in which you can feel like you're in a real restaurant and not in a restaurant that is an extension of a casino (however, the slots are not far away!).  The waitstaff is very good and very quick.  The drinks are phenomenal and the few times I've gone, the bartender was super friendly and hilariously charming (hard to do when you're dealing with so many tourists!).  The food is excellent and portions are fairly generous.  I've only been there for lunches, but I imagine the food is evening better in the evening.  I've tried the chicken, mushroom, and vegie crepe and so far it's my favorite.  Their steamed artichokes are delicious as well.  I highly recommend sitting outside on the patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains, provided it's not 107 outside!Steak & Frits are the best! Pair them with a good Bourdeux, enjoy the Bellagio fountains and your set!loved this French bistro in paris.

great service, good quality food, not too pricey (especially for Vegas)
my boyfriend and i didn't enjoy our steak selections that much, but maybe it was an off night for them.

french onion soup is AMAZING. will  be returning.Beverage - cappuccino - excellent
Food - quiche and ham & cheese crepe - excellent 
Service - ok
Ambiance - great inside and out. Not particularly romantic for brunch, but very French feeling. 

They have a bloody Mary bar where you can pick your own condiments, which is pretty unique.Since my parents are currently in Vegas on a business/leisure trip, I thought I would do a couple of reviews on some of my favorite restaurants I've visited when I was there a couple of years ago. These reviews may not be entirely accurate in comparison to today's current reviews, but nevertheless, they seem to fall well in line with most opinions on this site. 

Oh, Mon Ami Gabi, you are the closest thing to a bistro in Montreal, Quebec City, or heck, even Paris I've gotten to in awhile. I've dined at bistros in all 3 francophone cities, but I have to say, Mon Ami Gabi does a really decent job for being an Americanized French bistro. Plus, the waiters are a ton nicer than you would find in Paris so you don't feel as guilty about the pricetag because you know the level of service equals the quality of the food. I had steak roquefort, and loved the thin cut frites! If you do have an appetizer, go with the fruit and cheese platter. There were some cheeses I hadn't had before like a Belletoile. My parents enjoyed the wine selection from what I can recall as well. The prices were actually pretty excellent in comparison to other super expensive Vegas restaurants, so I felt like it was well-spent here. If it isn't too busy, ask to be seated in the glass interior patio area facing the Bellagio fountains.Great place for lunch. We sat on the patio across from the Bellagio fountain. The food was so parisian that the strip could have been replaced by the Champs +D'Eleyse.Wow i had the trout and it's probably the best I've ever had - simply delicious.  It was well seasoned with a slightly crunchy outside and a moist inside.  Mmmmm!  Friend had the lobster roll which he said was very good.  We shared an escargot but neither of us found it impressive compared to others we've had.  The salads were very good.  Did i mention the trout?  Mmmmmmmmmm.I had an AMAZING experience here and would absolutely recommend it to anyone!

I made reservations for 7:45 and arrived around 8:00 due to Strip traffic. The host joked around about me being late (which I appreciated), but was able to seat me within five minutes despite the long line at the hostess desk!  The person who escorted us to our table was warm, welcoming, and hilarious to talk to!

When making our reservation, we were advised that it would be for inside the restaurant and that outside seating would be first-come, first-serve (about a 90 minute wait at that time). However, we were seated on a deck area that was between the indoor seating and balcony seating. We LOVED this area because we still had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains without the wait (nor the drunks roaming the Strip). 

As for the food, I had the filet mignon merlot, as well as escargot, sautéed mushrooms, and a glass of Sauvignon Blanc. The filet was SCRUMPTIOUS!  One of the best filets I've ever had and reasonably priced. It was so tender and flavorful, and I loved the merlot sauce!  It was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. Additionally, the frites were delicious (albeit salty), especially when you dipped it in the merlot sauce.  I would not recommend the sautéed mushrooms, and the escargot was just mediocre. I was surprised they did not provide toast or pastry puffs with the escargot, but they did serve complimentary bread so it worked out. 

The service at Mon Ami Gabi was great!  Everyone was extremely friendly and comfortable cracking jokes - which I liked. However, they were also efficient and accurate, which is equally important.  The view of the Bellagio fountains was the cherry on top!  The restaurant was not too noisy, especially compared to Sugar Factory. 

If you are looking for a high-quality restaurant (especially a steakhouse) with a view of the Bellagio fountains, but cannot afford Bellagio's high-end restaurants, Mon Ami Gabi is the perfect place!  I will definitely return!Good food, service, and ambiance.  The price is right too.  Great place.The filet Merlot was cooked a perfectly medium rare. Steak frites were crisp and warm. The side of Brussels sprouts were perfectly fried with a bit of char. Hubby opted for the New York strip with frites and was equally happy. The sauce and sautéed onions complimented the cut of meat perfectly. Will definitely hit up the local Mon Ami Gabi back near DC once we return home.Oh my! I absolutely LOVE this place! Thanks to a fellow yelper, I made sure i had lunch here and I'm glad I did! Everything is so fresh and delicious. Oh!! ANDDDDD they have the BEST espresso I've ever tasted.(This is coming from a coffee addict....fyi)

Service is top notch and it's not crazy expensive. I have officially found my "usual lunch spot" in Vegas!Great dinner! Got a cream puff included for my birthday!don't let the tourist location throw you. terrific French food on the strip without the strip prices.This restaurant is a little pricey, but the breakfast is affordable (under $15 a person). We got there a little after 11am, which is when they usually stop serving breakfast but they let us order off of the breakfast menu anyway! I love that they have a gluten free menu! And for gf breakfast options they have gf french toast and regular gf toast that comes with the egg dishes! The bacon and hash browns were pretty good, pretty standard but overall it was a very satisfying breakfast. The ambiance is cute and very French. At first we were seated outside, but as soon as we sat down varies staff members warned us that our table would get very hot very quickly since there was hardly any shade on it. We moved inside. Its a little noisy inside, I would suggest sitting on the patio if you can get a shaded spot, that way you can watch the Bellagio fountain.12 slightly hung over girls had brunch here after our friend's bachlorette weekend.
We had a reservation and were seated quickly (those without waited quite awhile). We chose to sit inside because it was June and very hot. The service was great and the food was too. I dream of the pancakes!!!!Can they brunch or what!

My friend and I were part of the VIP group for SPG and TotalRewards.  We were treated to a complimentary brunch at this restaurant right on the Las Vegas strip!

It was a seat-yourself event where any table left open was yours for the taking.  The tables were already prepared with a delicious cantaloupe bowl of fruit with sides of brown sugar and mint syrup and a plate of salmon.

The entrees were fantastic.  I thoroughly enjoyed the bananas foster french toast - with just the right amount of creamy goodness!  My friend enjoyed the Eggs Benedict, which we read they were known for.

I don't even know what to say about the delicious chocolate mousse.  I mean really - it was melt in your mouth chocolate with the addition of what tasted like the chocolate crunches in ice cream cake formulated into a little ball and served over the mousse.  Texture perfection.

The mimosas served were also quite large - I mean, hey, it's Vegas.... 

Service was great.  Very polite and accommodating for a large group event.I waited way too long to eat at this restaurant. It has this prime location on the strip so I assumed most of its reviews were from tourists who didn't really know anything about finding good food. Boy was I wrong. The fries alone will make me come back here every time I visit Sin City. 

This place is always busy. I was able to score a last minute reservation for five. We ordered a bunch of dishes to try everything. 

We ordered:
- the croque monsieur
- the mussels in a white wine sauce
- caramelized scallops
- filet mignon merlot
- beef bourguignon
- chicken liver pate

My absolute favorites were the mussels and the caramelized scallops. Omg, you have to order those. The white sauce is so good, you'll ask for more bread just to dip it. The caramelized scallops were perfectly cooked. They went down like pure butter. 

The hubby was in love with the croque monsieur and pate, but everyone agreed that the pomme frites (french fries) were the best part of the meal. I've never had potatoes cooked that way before, but it was just perfect and so good. 

Tip: Check Open Table for available reservations so you don't have to wait forever for a table.Great for sunday brunch, really lovely outside seating reminds me of being in Europe. The food is super good and the staff really nice!Excellent Service and food.

We sat outside and were able to enjoy the Bellagio's fountain show while we were eating.

My steak came out perfectly, and my wife loved her salmon. Excellent service, and our bill want that bad, considering we were eating directly on the strip.

Bonus: Mon Ami Gabi is part of Lettuce Entertain You's Frequent Diner program, so we got points good for another dining experience.A go to of mine whenever we head to Vegas. The food is always decent. Service is usually pretty good but this time we got a lukewarm experience. When the waiter realized we didn't want to order an appetizer he just disappeared the rest of our time there. 

I had the steak frites au poivre which was good. The portion size was pretty big and I was quite full afterwards. My boyfriend had the steak with the bordelaise sauce and he loved it. We will definitely come back.Dinner Review:

I love this place!!

FOOD: Daily oysters were so delicious. So fresh, juicy, and oh so slurpy haha. They were medium-sized oysters. 

Duck Confit was impressive. The meat was so tenderly cooked, it just flaked off when you pick at it. It had some dried fruit with balsamic vinegar, together they tasted amazing, but separately, the fruit was extremely tangy. The duck meat was sooo juicy and savory. 

Frisee and Bacon Salad was really good. It had more of a crunchy texture with a poached egg on top. It was so simple, yet so flavorful. It was a nice addition to add to your meal. It was very light.

Bone-In Ribeye was cooked perfectly to our liking. Seasoned very well. A perfect steak is when it's seasoned so well, you don't need any sauce, and this is it. It was so moist and flavorful. It came with thinly sliced fried potatoes that added a nice flair to the dish. 

I was thoroughly impressed with every dish we ordered!

SERVICE:  Service here is amazing. The waiters and waitresses are so nice and attentive. We had a show to catch and was on a time constraint- but they were so quick to serve all the food on time and gave you the check quickly without pressure. 

AMBIENCE:  For dinners, I recommend coming early so you can snag a nice spot in the patio. You will have amazing view of the Bellagio Fountains! If the sun is out, you may get a little sunburn and sweaty though...  Indoors was really cute too. The decor is very french-like. 

Bon appetit!I have worked in Las Vegas quite a bit in the last two years. I work in TV and often I am shooting for 8-10 weeks at a time. I always listen to locals. My local crew members raved on and on about Mon Ami Gabi. Not that I need to be pressured to eat French food. 

My first bit of advice is to wait until you can sit on the patio. While the Paris Casino is a Disney version of the actual Paris, the atmosphere on the patio will make you feel quite Parisian. 

My second bit of advice is that you will more than likely get a spot on the patio during lunch time. There is simply less of a crowd at the door. 

When you are seated you will be presented immediately with a warm delicious baguette with soft butter. I ordered a glass of wine and a steak sandwich. The service was excellent as was the food.

I took my time here and felt no pressure to leave. It was delightfulthis place is a gem in vegas especially for lunch time dining.  we got the steak frites and also the seafood crepe .  most things are a rip-off in vegas but i thought this establishment was very fair and well-done.Our friends from back east recommended this place and also to have Stephanie as our server. Well when we came to Vegas last week we had a fabulous lunch and terrific service from Stephane, who has a French accent that is REAL! She helped us with menu choices and was so warm and welcoming. We even got a hug upon leaving. The Chicken Brie sandwich is delicious, as was the seafood crepe and skate wing. Ask for your fries well done and they are superb. Great atmosphere and on our next trip to Vegas, we will visit our new French friend Stephanie! Well done.I had my vegas moment here.  We had 9:30 reservations at Mon Ami Gabi, and we arrived at 9pm and were able to immediatly be seated outside on the patio with a table against the railing and were able to both sit so wer could watch the amazing views of the strip and the bellagio water show.  Our waiter, Chris, was there and attentive with a warm bagguette and a carrot salad that my girlfriend loved, I only got one bite.  Next Chris suggested a bottle of wine which was perfect.  We started with Duck Confit, which was amazing the tastes and textures were unbelievable.  We both ordered steaks which were perfect.  Here you can order the cut of meat then any of the sauces you want, these steaks were great.  and the frittes cannot be described you need to have these.

We were not rushed through our meal, nor did we wait on any of the courses, Chris kept our wine glasses full and was very nice.  We savored our meal for 2 hours as we watched the bellagio water show 5 or 6 times, and the river of people on the sidewalk would be worth it to watch anytime.  

This is hands down my favorite resturaunt on the strip, it is perfect

oh and it was a little windy last night but the angles of the building and the heaters made it just fine to wear a short sleeved shirt.Always a pleasent experience going for a meal here. From the goat cheese to the escargot and most importantly the service. Shana who normally always takes care of us was off today but we were impressed by "Bryan" who has just started serving since November. What a personality and had a lovely story to share about him passing the restaraunt as a child wanting to work here. 
Besides the food guys I have to say you must visit Mon Ami Gabi for the pleasent service. I have not had one bad experience there regardless of the usula staff that recognizes you. They are so good...... Keep up the good work guys I wish I could be smiling constanty on a day to day basis just like when I am sitting and enjoying my meal there.Very decent steakhouse. Most people are here for the view but if you don't want to wait, they offer opentable reservation for indoor seating (no view).  I opted for the latter as I did not want to wait nor I care about the view since I have been to Vegas countless times.  We were seated immediately and the servers were very efficient taking care our orders and rush it for us per our request.

The meal itself was fine, not stellar but up to the point. Very solid 4 stars dining.  Escargot was meh, too watery but lack of the real chewy escargot taste to it.  Caesar salad was good, again not memorable. We opted for the famous hanger steak with our choice of dressing/sauce (My recommendation - get peppercorn dressing).  It compliment the steak well.  For the price, I think it is quite a good value in Vegas!

Don't order their oyster, it was bad.We were looking for a quick bite to eat before heading home and through some yelping my friends discovered Mon Ami Gabi. We ordered some mimosas to start, they were good but it tasted like there was 0 alcohol in it :/ I ordered the salmon eggs benedict, it was very satisfying~ but nothing I can't find at any brunch spot in la. I tried some of my friends seafood crepe, never tried a seafood crepe but it was pretty good. The food was good, nothing special, it was good to just try. But I do like the ambience and decor of the restaurant. Maybe it's better for dinner than brunch.i had a wonderful experience here.  if you have to, just go here once. do wait for the patio seating so you can have a view of the bellagio fountains.  since it was my first time here, why not eat some escargot - snails soaked in oil? butter? and pesto? the snails were chewy and had the same texture as oyster or mussel... totally edible and all i felt like i was eating was butter. 

the drinks are good.  martinis are creepers.

the main course i had was the steak frites.... i think that's right.  it basically looked like a fajita steak and potato chips.  it was still good anyway.  definitely coming back.great french bistro

what i ate:
- baguette: i usually dont mention the bread, but this bread was pretty amazing! came out warm with lovely butter and some type of corn orzo salad
- sea scallops gratinee: very flavorful, but decided this was not the best way to eat scallops. the flavor of the scallops was covered by the sauce. although the sauce was amazing. i soaked up every bit with baguette
- steak au poivre: i was expecting a much more peppery and flavorful sauce. i ordered the steak rare, so that it was very tender. of course, amazing fries
- skate: delicate and flavorful. the bite i had was delicoius
- seared sea scallops: i should have ordered this as my app instead of the gratinee. perfectly cooked

pros:
- reservations: they were so gracious and accommodating. we changed the reservation about five times before we got there, and then ended up needed to move to another table to fit in one more person. despite all the changes they were very willing to work with us
- food: excellent french bistro food. everything i had was cooked well
- service: attentive. constantly filling our wine glasses and water glasses

cons:
- outside bathroom: i guess this is just one of those vegas hotel restaurant things, but restrooms are always located outside. kind of a drag to have to walk a bit to get to the ladies room, especially if youre seated way inside the restaurant
- price: definitely not cheap, but honestly, not that expensive either. it really depends on what you splurge on - if you get an app, if you get wine, it all adds up.... i got an app, an entree, and had two bottles (share them with three others) and got away with paying $70 - tax+tip included

would i go again? ... im not sure. while dinner was great, it wasnt crazy amazing. there are just so many other restaurants in vegas that i want to try. despite my caution about going again, i am still very glad i had dinner here.Crazy Jerry, Mississippi Mike from Jersey and the local Joan that is how my brunch started. The staff is very friendly and funny especially sitting at the bar. I have been here before but never reviewed it until now. The food is fantastic and the portions are reasonable for the strip. Thus far I have had steak here (not 5 stars but good, probably 3) a mushroom omelette which was also good and a solid 4 and what I ate today a Brie chicken Apple crepe with salad. It was also good just was not a 5 star meal. If I could give an extra half for the staff I would but Yelp does not allow it. So 4 stars it is. The prices are fair and the food comes out quickly.one of my favorite favorite restaurants in vegas!!!! not only is the food amazing but the view is an added bonus!!!! this place never disappoints.

they have the same kitchen as the eiffel tower restaurant upstairs so you are basically getting the same food but for less! i recommend sitting on the patio for some good people watching and it is right across the bellagio water show so u can enjoy the show and food at the same time.

their steaks are pretty amazing... cut thin, perfectly cooked and seasoned. the red wine reduction sauce is to die for.. i also have tried their filet mignon, im not a big fan of super thick cut steaks but i really enjoyed theirs. thier pomme frittes were perfect as well. 

the price range is actually very reasonable. the food here never disappoints and it doesnt have all the superficial trimmings of a fancy vegas-y restaurant. just honest to goodness straight forward good food. a must see here in vegas.I came here on my birthday and ordered the escargot with garlic-herb butter for $17 and bordelaise steak frites for $30.

The escargot was drenched in the garlic-herb butter (yum!) and was fresh. I only wish they gave more than 6 pieces :D

I wasn't a fan of the frites but the steak itself with the red wine sauce and carmelized onions made it amazing.

To the other people who said their steaks were thin - order the filet mignon or the rib eye next time!

TIP: If the weather is permitting, ask to sit outdoors with a view of Bellagio's fountain. It's so pretty at night!

The view, ambiance, service, and food were all up to par and the reviews justify the magnificence of this place~Five stars for ambience and service! Our party of 8 was seated on the patio, where we enjoyed a view of the Bellagio fountains. The warm bread, nice wine selection, and desserts with attentive coffee service stood out for me. As a vegetarian I didn't have many options (at a steakhouse on the strip i didn't expect to) but the side dish Brussels sprouts were incredible. The vegetable tagine was the sole vegetarian entrée option and while I enjoyed the flavors (preserved lemon with almonds, especially) i feel like it was too light to be a meal. I wish it had been a heartier tagine with chickpeas, served with rice. Everyone else at our table loved their meal including my partner who is a foodie. I would absolutely come back for the sweet ambience alone though. A great pick for a memorable family or group meal. Def get reservations and be sure to sit outside to get the full experience.Have eaten there twice in the last six months. Food and appetizer were just fine. As a meat eater I find their steaks to be better than average, about an 8 on the 10 scale. Consistency is very important and we've found no variations in the good service and food.

Note the waiters can be distracted because it was noted they have to set up the tables once cleared by bus boys (is that term still allowed?)Very good food, and a nice experience delving into the realms of French cuisine. The Ambience on the patio outside is very very nice. If you have the opportunity and can select seating, try the outside patio, the view of the Bellagio and the Las Vegas strip is exquisite. A good dish is the Diver Scallops, and the reserve Filet Mignon with a side of the Gratin Potatoes, just amazing! The waiter recommended pairing the Filet Mignon with a dry wine Cabernet Sauvignon, which worked perfectly, try this recommendation and you will not be sorry, this wine compliments the dish perfectly! Definitely recommend.Considering it's not located in Paris but in Hotel Paris, I wasn't sure what to expect going to dinner at this restaurant. The one plus is if you are willing to wait hour for an outdoor table, you will also be able to enjoy the Bellagio water show which is across the strip.

The food was just perfect, had the escargot and a steak friet that were cooked just right. On the wine front, well there is everything any wine snob would enjoy. Since I am not one who like to wait, made reservations for the inside dining room and asked the server if we could move out to the deck for desert. It worked out perfectly as it was slowing down by the time we got to the desert and tables opened up outside.

Service was fenomenal, server very knowledgable and accommodating. I will definitely return to Mon Ami Gabi in the future.This is my one of my loves in Vegas. The Paris Romance is a to die for pineapple tasting, sophisticated cocktail. I always get the escargot appetizer (and dip the bread in it). I love it all here, you can't go wrong with French cooking. Snag a table on the patio on a nice day and you have landed in paradise.Came back, because I have fallen in love with this place, and will come every time I am in Vegas.  I had the quiche lorraine this time, and WOW!!!!!!  Ohhhh so amazing!! The Hubby had the blue berry waffle/pancake (can't remember) but I do remember it being amazing!! Soooooo blueberry -eeeee and made well.  They offered to send us with coffee to go!! They are the best!!One of the most reviewed places in Las Vegas, and the good news? The food is legitimately great! Entrees average $14-20 for breakfast, but it's worth it if you are enjoying a nice view with it as it really is a great experience on a nice day. 

Come early to enjoy a coveted seat outside before it gets too hot. (Warning: the fountains don't start until later depending on what day and season it is.)
Service is efficient as they use the head and assistant waiter method. 

If you have a sweet tooth like me but need something savory, get the breakfast combo that has 3 eggs, date-glazed bacon, crispy seasoned hash browns, AND gorgeous baguette with raspberry preserves and whipped butter. It'll satisfy your sweet tooth, promise. :D 

The downside? You have to pay to park at Paris :( Definitely recommend carpooling with friends if you're driving down and meeting up here.Sometimes I feel like being the two F's. Fancy & French.  I like to wear pretty pretty dress, throw on some pearls and maybe throw on a beret and say "Bon Appetit!"  Then I like to take a stroll down to Paris and eat brunch by the Eiffel Tower. What a life I live...

Oh wait...did I forget to mention that stroll is to the Paris Las Vegas? Or that I eat my beautiful brunch at the DIVINE Mon Ami Gabi French Bistro that happens to be by the replica of the Eiffel Tower? Oh..I didn't?

Not to fret! This truly is the next best thing when it comes to french cuisine and dining in Las Vegas.

Mon Ami Gabi is truly one of my favorite places to eat in the city let alone on the Strip. They truly capture the classic french bistro from the decor of the restaurant to the meal that sits in front of you.  

You can sit on the terrace as well as inside their beautiful what seems to look like an beautiful atrium. Either way you have a magnificent view of the Bellagio Fountains which play every 15-30 min. Meal and show! 

The food is absolutely delicious. My favorite breakfast item are the Blueberry Waffle and the Eggs Benedict The Blueberry Waffle is to crispy with a light airy inside which truly compliments the homemade blueberry glaze and fresh whipped cream. It is light as air ad doesn't give you the feeling of eating something heavy.  When it comes to the Eggs Benedict it revolves around one word : HOLLINDAISE. Hollindaise sauce is an emulsion of egg yolk and butter. It is a creamy delicious touch on top your poached eggs place on a slice of  french baguette. 

If you like French Onion you must try theirs! It is truly the best I have had in Vegas. The guryere cheese baked on top of the soup is amazing. I could possibly eat that alone. 

Now time for tips:

1. If you plan on going on the weekend for any meal, I HIGHLY suggest you make a reservation.  They are very busy and the wait can be up to an hour.

2. Try going during the week it is not as busy. 

3. If it is blazing hot outside, do not sit on the terrace. You will fry. Plus the umbrellas don't move they are bolted into the ground. So shade is not always an option

Personal Request:  Please say bon appetit...just for moi. I will love you forever. Pinky Promise. 

BON APPETIT MON ANGE!
                           (my angel)This place is consistently good every time I visit Las Vegas. Make sure you try the French onion soup.The steaks taste great, especially for the price, and the service is great! Patio seating is first come first serve, but the view is worth the wait! Watching the Bellagio water show while eating dinner makes for a great dining experience. Definitely make time for this place!Came here for brunch on a Saturday.  I like the fact that they allow you to make reservations less than an hour before you arrive.  Brunch is packed, so reservations recommended.  The patio would be perfect for a nice day, but in 100 degree weather, we decided to sit inside.  Ambiance & decor is nice/romantic and service is good.  This restaurant would be nice for a date, casual brunch, or bachelorette brunch.

The food.. delicious!  We had oysters, strawberry waffle, eggs benedict, corned beef hash.  The oysters were really fresh - highly recommended.  Everything was well made and tasty.  We expected the brunch menu to be a little bigger (they only had about 5 main items).  For those who like bloody marys.. they have a bloody mary's DIY bar and they can make a really yummy, savory and spicy bloody mary.This is one of my favorites to catch brunch/lunch. On a sunny day you can't beat the sidewalk cafe feel of it with the Bellagio as a backdrop across the street you can feel the life of the Strip as the people go walking by. Ideally, you should ask for a table under an umbrella as the direct sunlight can get intense. If this is not for you, then you can ask for a table inside of course. 

It was about 1045am and the breakfast menu was going on for only another 15 minutes; ok since we preferred to be taken in right away and the couple ahead of us had to wait til 11am for the lunch menu. It didn't matter to me since I was able to order my favorites off the breakfast menu anyway. I ordered the French Onion Soup, beautifully presented in a tall tureen with melted Gruyere on top, you can taste a hint of dry white wine in it. I also had the Croque Madame which is an open faced grilled ham and cheese sandwich topped with a fried egg over easy... wonderful as you break open the perfectly prepared egg yoke, it oozes out over the sandwich. Delicious, it was served with some curly endive lightly tossed in a vinaigrette and some skinny pommes frites. My wife had the Bene du Jour: an eggs benedict with smoked salmon and asparagus. She said it was just ok, the brioche that it rested on was not toasted too well and a little chewy. Oh well, I enjoyed my plate. I had a Macchiato espresso too and I thought it went well with my meal. 

I love this place... I would definitely try to hit it up every time I'm out in Vegas.Had a lovely brunch here after a long night and it was delightful! Sat on the patio (a must on a warm day) and had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains. That alone made the meal worth it.

The food was tasty, though nothing in particular stood out, maybe because the morning was a bit of a blur. I enjoyed the french onion soup and the waffles (or was it french toast?) were yummy as well.

If it's a hot day and you do sit outside, be prepared for many a passerby to stop and put their faces next to you while they try and enjoy the mist spraying along the fence of the patio.On a perfectly mild sunny day in vegas, it was a great choice to eat on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi overlooking Las Vegas Blvd. As soon as we entered the restaurant from the casino entrance, from the dark interior, it was like stepping into a whole different world once we got seated on the patio. 
Usually when servers rattle off the specials of the day, it goes out the other ear for me. But after looking over the menu and half heartedly deciding on the spinach and gruyere omlette, I heard the server mention Bacon and Spinach Eggs Benedict and i was sold! Quiche Lorraine with bacon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=4Ua39HREZlvlYbEf3EP_ew for the dude and my friend got the dish i was thinking of originally http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=5luau0SKUmjSVfXBalxsMQ. We all agreed that my dish ended up being the best: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=T3jPSmE56xcETgTqjegttw.
The quiche had a nice crust, but was kind of monotonous. (i love breakfast sides and this had none). The spinach omelette was ok- i enjoyed my omelette at Max Brenner much more. 
I've only had eggs benedict a few times elsewhere and i have to say this one was very yummy- the eggs were perfectly runny and the bacon (i believe it was applewood) was nice and crispy. 
We were too sweets wasted this time to order the pancakes, french toast etc, so next time i would like to try those or the steak dishes with a side of their onion soup!I LOVE THIS PLACE!! soo romantic in a way.. (if you sound out the noise from the strip) haha. Its located right in front of PARIS on the strip. My steak was cooked to perfection. medium rare is best always. HOWever the fries were not that great.. so try to substitute that crap.This is the second time I've eaten here and both times I had a great experience. We came in here for lunch on a Friday and it was getting pretty busy in the patio area, but we lucked out. (Just a heads up, if you make a reservation you will be making it for indoor seating only.  The patio can be requested upon arrival.)
I got the chicken and brie sandwhich. Chicken was moist, caramelized onion was delicious and the added sliced green apple was a delicious combo. It also came with a side of fries. (Total was under $20).
Make sure you look at your bill closely, we had an automatic gratuity added onto our separated checks.As a part time resident of Las Vegas from New York I find it hard to find the equivalent of one of the many small inexpensive bistros such as we have in the Big Apple.  Look no further.  Great food, atmosphere, service, etc.  Not expensive and on the strip!!  I eat here at least 3 to 4 times a year.  Plus they keep giving me money on my frequent diner card.  I wish they had a restaurant in NYC.A trip to Vegas is not the same for me without a visit to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. Love this place. 

The Pommes Frites - LOVE THEM. I get them EVERY TIME I come here. And that crusty bread they serve prior to the meal with the real butter...just give me champagne and I'm on cloud 9! 

Love the steak, mac and cheese side dish, lox and toast points, croque monsieur and madame...wine...just love this place! 

I usually ask to sit in the dining room that faces the Bellagio fountains (adjacent to the outdoor patio), so I can enjoy the view while staying in the air-conditioned room (I'm from San Diego...I don't need any more sun). 

I am missing those Pommes Frites already....going back in September (YAY) - can't wait!Sat on patio and watched Bellagio's water show while eating. Was amazing! Great view. Try the filet mignon or the steak with bleu cheese atop... very goodWhat can I say that 2800 people haven't already said in their reviews? Christy G. and I always try to dine at Mon Ami Gabi when we're in Vegas, and every visit has been spectacular. For one, the service is always impeccable. The location can't be beat, with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and truly top notch people watching. I particularly like watching the drunk bambi-legged girls ("weenie wobbles") trying not to fall in their too-high heels :) Or even worse, the ones holding their heels and walking down Las Vegas Blvd in their blackened bare feet *shudder*

The Onion Soup au Gratin ($9.95) is a definite must-have. The broth is rich and savory, packed with perfectly soaked baguette slices and caramelized onions, and topped with about a pound of melted gruyere. I crave this soup even when it's triple digits outside; it's that good. 

Another staple is the Filet Mignon Merlot ($34.95), which comes with a merlot infused butter and a red wine reduction. The filet (medium rare for me) is always perfectly cooked and melts in your mouth. I don't personally care for the frites that everyone raves about, but they've always been super accommodating about switching it out for another side at a small upcharge. I've had the pommes puree, garlic spinach, sauteed mushrooms, and the macaroni au gratin - all amazing. 

I'm always way too stuffed for dessert, so I won't comment on those. They also have a pretty substantial wine list, and about two dozen wines by the glass. And if you stop by for brunch, the build your own Bloody Mary cart is a godsend! 

Bottom line: don't miss out; this place is amazing! Ask for a table on the patio and come hungry!This was a perfect restaurant for us last night. Convenient to the show we saw at Paris. Short wait even though they were busy. Great service (thanks, Billy!), good food, and good drinks. All at reasonable prices (for Vegas). The cocktails were pricey (around $15), but a good classic steak frites for $28 seems like a good price to me. 

Started with warm baguette at the table. Our party ordered the steak frites. They serve it several different ways. I got the classique, which I loved. It comes served with an herb butter on top. Others in my party got different sauces. Everyone was happy. Steak was well cooked for each order (we had mix of medium rare through medium well). 

If you want to splurge, in terms of price, try the French 75 cocktail. If you want to splurge, in terms of calories, try the bananas foster. The chocolate mousse was good, especially the chocolate pearls, but it wasn't as amazing as I had hoped it would be.Excellent food. Friendly server! Great view to the Bellagio fountain! The Maine Lobster roll is delicious and portion is generous. Oyster was very fresh, albeit a bit small. French onion soup is not salty.I ate here for breakfast, lunch and dinner throughout my week in Vegas.  Each meal was great.  Sat on patio at night for view of fountains and ate sea bass (so delicious).  For breakfast: had quiche, very creamy and delicious, great fresh squeezed orange juice, above average coffee.  Had crab salad for lunch also very good.  Overall I recommend this restaurant for any meal.  Service was consistently good, food was always above average and the ambiance is nice especially at night on the patio.Love this place! Great views, great food and great service!  We love the steak frites, steak at pouvre and we have gone for sandwiches for brunch.  Love the steak sandwich.  Ask for outdoor seating to watch the fountains.Restaurant  bajo la torre q enmarca Las Vegas, súper lindo e igual si optas y te toca espacio para sentarte fuera del restaurante, puedes apreciar el show de las fuentes que queda en frente. Servicio amable, y nuestra entrada de caracoles con un tipo de salsa verde en verdad primera vez que como y pruebo esto y fue de lo mejor, mi café y mi desayuno que fueron huevos Benedict  muy ricos. Espero la próxima vez que valla me toque comer afuera :)Solid food; great service. Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains across the street.So good! I was surprised at how great this place was, considering it's on the strip. I had the Croque Madame with some of the best fries I have ever had...better than any I have had in France. It even came with a few cornichons. Yum.Amazing restaurant right on the strip overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Must eat here every time.  The bread and steak is great.Probably my favorite meal during our Vegas trip. Really didn't expect much from the "fake Eiffel Tower", but it met & exceeded expectations. It was surprisingly easy to get reservations on the same day. It wasn't the exact time slot DH wanted, but very close. The staff seated us on the patio, which approximates Euro style open air dining. Well, as close as you can get in Vegas.

The patio has abundant heat lamps, so you're not freezing your derrière off, even in December. It's the most popular spot because you can get a perfect view of the Bellagio's fountain show. We were given a small loaf of warm french bread. And a shredded carrot salad thing. How nice!

DH got a Beef Wellington ($39.99), which had a thin pastry crust, and beef which was medium rare. That's as rare as you can order it. He was quite pleased. It seems hard to execute & it was done perfectly. "It was sufficiently rare and very tasty."

I got the salmon salad ($20.95). Salmon was perfectly seasoned & cooked. It was so moist & silky. Loved it!!

We didn't get dessert here. Had to stay awake for a show, otherwise we would have gotten a glass of wine. Service was a little slow. DH had to ask several times for water refills.

Overall, I'd be happy coming back to "Paris" in Vegas again!What makes Mon Ami Gabi a growing institution in Vegas? 
It has a pedigree....the Chicago location..and now in Vegas( they have been there since Paris opened)  
They have a very professional and committed wait staff.
The view at night on the patio is one of the best anywhere in Vegas, and no better place to watch the fountain show at Belagio. 
The food, especially the steaks with Pomm frites are magnifique!
It's got a great vibe even when busy, which is pretty much all the time. 
They make a great martini. 
They have an organized and honest system of checking people in when they are slammed. 
Love the crunchy french baguette with carrots.  
They serve a full menu at the bar.
Nice french onion soup :)  
Mon Ami Gabi Jet' amieGood italian food-request to sit outside so you can see the bellagio fountains and people watch!Love, love, love this place!! By far, my favorite breakfast spot in Vegas. The various eggs benedict dishes are delicious!! I love the salmon benedict but they prepare eggs in any style and they're all absolutely delicious. The baguette toast is yummy especially since it's served with fresh whipped butter and fruit preserves. My boyfriend had the lamb benedict and loved it! The coffee is splendid and so is the atmosphere. The service is wonderful. I recommend the outdoor seating that overlooks the strip. Go!!I don't know what people's problem is, because I loved my dinner at Mon Ami Gabi. A steak dinner on the strip, with a great view and reasonably priced. What more could you ask for? Ok sure, the steak could be thicker, but it's perfectly cooked with delicious sauce and a huge side of perfectly thin, crispy frites! Plus you can easily upgrade to a filet for a few dollars more. I was torn between having the french onion soup or the macaroni gratin on the side but I quickly decided on the macaroni. Boy was I glad I did! The side is plenty for 2 to share and sooo delicious! Plenty of creamy cheese sauce and crunchy breadcrumbs with parmesan! YUM! They have a nice list of wines by the glass, I went with a spicy Cote-du-Rhone that complemented the steak perfectly.
Personally, I think it's pretty hilarious that people are concerned that this is a tourist trap. I mean, HELLO! it's on the strip! Isn't this whole street the glaring, glittering, bare-assed definition of a tourist trap? Given everything surrounding it I think that this place is a gem and an exception to the  Vegas rule of being over-the-top expensive and more glitz than substance.Hands down , definitely one of the bests in Vegas . The best onion soup I've ever had . The brandy peppercorn sauce was so darn good. Decor of this place is all about the details . Everything was thought out from top to bottom . We watched the Water show from the Bellagio while having our awesome dinner . Our server provided exceptional service through our entire time there.We came here two different nights for dinner, because it's one of the few places in town with gluten-free options.  The only other place that had a separate gluten-free menu was PF Chang's, which just can't compare in terms of taste or price.  Here, the gluten-free menu is full of great-tasting variety (not just salads!), from appetizers, to entrees, to desserts, and even gluten-free beer.  They offer free bread, and even offer free, tasty gluten-free bread with butter and olives.  We had great filet mignon, huge scallops with pureed pea sauce, jumbo shrimp cocktail, salmon, tomato sauce with goat cheese, and roasted veggies over quinoa.  Even if you're not GF, the food is delicious, and the restaurant has outdoor seating with mists so that you don't get too hot.Yes, believe the 100's of reviews! Awesome steak & french onion soup! Though portions are a bit too large, there's no rule you have to finish everything on the plate.Excellent brunch and over all food. I'm French, it's real French food. Not an Americanized version. Call for reservations, we didn't and had to wait for a table in the atrium. It was worth the wait :)I have walked by this place every time we come to Vegas but never dined here. Went a little after the lunch crowd around 2pm. No wait, sat inside as it was a bit chilly out, but I recommend sitting outside and people watch.Our waitress suggested the onion soup. This was very good and perfectly seasoned, not too salty.I had the chicken and brie sandwich with caramelized onions and thinly sliced Grammy Smith apples. My husband had the pulled pork bahn mi sandwich. Both came with pomfrites and a warm delicious baguette. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. This is place should be on your bucket list for Vegas.Service was excellent!! Our server Tracey was very attentive and always smiling. The goat cheese appetizer was amazing!! Our server went the extra mile for us by asking the chef to prepare a lunch item during the breakfast menu. :)We were two adults with our three kids who came across this oasis of a restaurant in an otherwise scuzzy area of Las Vegas sidewalk replete with mentally ill citizens and last night's party trash.  We ended up so blown away by the quality of food and service that we came back the next morning again!   Sampling only the breakfast options, Gabi aimed to please:  we have a dairy and gluten-allergic daughter, so we asked our friendly server, David, if the kitchen might accommodate a non-allergic waffle.  Not only did he/it do so but our daughter loved it!   Besides that, the other waffles, fruit salad, crepes, frisée with poached egg, incredibly flaky pain au chocolat and endlessly refilled coffee in the French-bistro-like environ, made for two very memorable meals and rendered Mon Ami Gabi nos ami pour toujours!  If only we could return for dinner!  Next time...This place is such a nice treat of great service and French ambience after a long day of work.  This also happens to be right up my wife's alley since she loves the French culture.  Aside from all of that, it's an exceptionally well run restaurant with excellent food..and I mean excellent; all of the food servings.

This is now my second visit and this time we decided to go with the chicken entree and shrimp cocktail.  I'm so glad my wife and I decided to share, because the servings are very generous.  Mashed pototaes melted in my mouth and acted as a dipping sauce to my chicken.  The macaroni is the homemade style with French taste flavoring, also very good.  For dessert, we had the chocolate cake and let me tell you it was so rich full of flavor.  It reminded me of Disneyland Grand Hotel room service...the absolutely best!This is one of my favorite steak houses and I have eaten here every time I have gone to Vegas, whether for business or pleasure, since my second trip there with my wife in the early 2000''s.  The wife loves it too!

I always get the Bone-In Ribeye, cooked medium, with Bearnaise Sauce and Bleu Cheese on the side.  Excellent!

I also love the Macaroni Gratin.

Mon Ami Gabi is located at the Paris Las Vegas (one of my favorite hotels).  A patio table is worth the wait and also gives you a front row seat to the recurring water show at The Bellagio, across the street.

When I'm in Vegas on business, vendors and potential vendors have treated me to Mon Ami Gabi, sometimes on my recommendation and sometimes because they already knew about it.  Basically, I've been blessed in that probably half of the meals I've had here were paid for by others in business.

I hope to keep coming here on my future Vegas trips, regardless of whether or not I'm picking up the tab.

Love this place!Solid breakfast. We were seated outside with the view if Bellagio fountains. Cool spot . Fluffy mushroom omelette with brie cheese and very thin and crispy hash browns. Very good. The blueberry waffle was excellent, served with real whipped cream on the side. coffee was just ok. Ketchup, butter and jam are served on the side in little ramekins, which especially the jam one, was sticky with jam all over. With everything else so nice it stood out and is easily fixable . But the food was great and we will be back.It's a good thing we made reservations!  This place was packed on a Sunday brunch.  The place we were sitting had a view of the Bellagio water show.  What a way to wake up.

The food was excellent.  I got to try their crab cakes. Although the crab was good, the salad that goes with it was excellent.  Now, I could have had the crepes, which are great, but I was in the mood for frites, which is like a combination of a french fry and chips.  Basically, I think they cut the potato in to thin slice french fry shapes.  Then they do a quick fry to it.

Anyway, I ordered the fish and chips.  Now, normally when you think fish and chips, you think of getting five or six fish pieces,  like chicken tender shapes and all.  But not this place.  They give you a whole fillet of fish that is wrapped with panko bread and fried.  The fillet was at least a foot long.  That is a lot of fish!

With some champagne on the side, this was a great brunch and a great way to say goodbye to sin city.We come to Vegas about 4 times a year. Mon Ami Gabi is a staple for us. We make sure to hit it once for breakfast and again for dinner. Food is always outstanding and it's right on the strip. Bonus: Outstanding view of Bellagio fountainsThey give you a hot loaf of french bread at every table. I had a salmon spinach salad which was really good. It's a little pricey, but hey, it's Vegas. This was the only place I can find a decent healthy meal at a not over the top price. The waiter was nice, but he could have came by my table more to check up on me. I didn't get my bread until my food came, so I had to nurse my water to stave away my hunger.We went in March.  I know late review, but it was great and I'd go again.  I loved there soup special of the day which was Mushroom soup.  It was delicious.  I would go again and again if I could.  I say with out a doubt to try the Bloody Mary Bar.  They serve you with a tall glass of Vodka and you get to put what every you want in it.  A trillion different garnishes.  SO worth it.I fell in love with the corn beef hash here and Nutella waffles it's amazing we end up eating here for breakfast almost every morning the service top notch and the restaurant is super clean and stays tidy. Go back for dinner and have a steak and steak frites there amazingIt may be part of a chain, but the food is really good.  I'd definitely recommend getting reservations.The steak tartare is fantastic!  I'd come back to Vegas just to dine here.  Great selection of imported beer and wine as well!I love Mon Ami Gabi! This is my go to breakfast place in Vegas. 

Patio seating allows you a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains which makes this place that much better. The ambiance inside of the restaurant is pretty nice but a bit darker than I like. 

Service is good. The food here is amazing. I've ordered their Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon which comes with a side of  perfectly crisped hash browns as well as their Banana Waffles and both were delicious. 

They also have a Bloody Mary bar that's pretty cool. I can't wait to be back!Very god restaurant, Always full of people. great onion soup!Food is AMAZING. Service is subpar. OK, we came in with 18 people, but just split the checks if we ask for that. Again, steaks were to die for, but our waitress was only OK.Always a staple of our Las Vegas trips. A must for breakfast. Fresh whipped cream on our french toast. Sausage that is house made. Attentive staff, even if there are issues they are on top of things.Omg!!!! BEST steak house in Vegas. We were recommended by a bartender in Vegas and wow was not disappointed will definitely be back. The cheese platter and filet mignon was what we ordered and the steak was juicy and full of flavor.We had breakfast here on our recent stay in Vegas atmosphere is laid back. The food was very good. The service was outstanding.
The location that puts this venue over the top. Even inside the porch the view of the Las Vegas strip is perfect. Watching the crowd walk by while you sip your coffee is just a world class people watching experience.The food and service were great. You need to make reservations! The bad part is that you cant reserved in the patio. The wait was 2 hours when we got there for the outside patio. 

We tried: filet mignon, ny strip steaks - great, juicy and tender will eat again!

Also tried the fish special - I was a bit disappointed as it was very thin and in the small scale for the price. It was tasteful - the butternut squash was delicious!

The sangria is a plus! Mix of red and white wine. Not too sweet.

Will go back next time I am in VegasFood was great and arrives super fast. Would recommend it for breakfast. Make sure to have reservations and arrive early if you prefer to sit outside.Back here again. You will need reservation for this place cuz it's usually packed. The bread to start with is fantastic. We had the crepes and they were excellent.We came here for a bachelorette party dinner. Started off with bad service. Our reservation was at 8pm. We were not seated till about 9pm. Left 15 girls hungry and annoyed. 

However, food was delicious. No one had any complaints! I had the hanger steak accompanied with sauteed mushrooms and garlic spinach. Fritts on the steak I didn't really care for but the garlic spinach was fabulous. 

There was a guy... not sure exactly what his title would be but he was always around with fresh bread and filling up our water glass. Huge thanks and compliments to him. He made me forget that we started the dinner with poor service.One of my good friends recommended this place before I left for Vegas.  I'm glad I've went there.  To get the outside patio there was a hour wait.  We said that's ok, we can sit inside, so we were seated right away.  They walked us all the way close to the patio where the cover was.  That was pretty good too.  We were surprised that we got to sit there.  You don't get the outside breeze that day and you get all the natural sun light.  GF had the salad and the soup of the day.  I had the escargot and sliced duck sandwich special.  Soup of the day wasn't great, but my escargot and sandwich was great.  Service again was good too.  If you can get there early to outside seating during the summer, you should do it.  That day was pretty windy, so we made the right choice by sitting inside.Mon Ami Gabi was so good for lunch, we went back for breakfast. I highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time. You can't sit on the patio which is only first come first served, but we got a table just inside the patio so we had a similar view and I couldn't see it being worth the several hour wait others went through to sit on the patio. Getting seated immediately was much nicer.

The service is a tad bit slow, but if you go knowing that, it won't bother you much. Plus, it's a restaurant attempting to recreate a Parisian dining experience, which is much slower than the meals we're used to as Americans. This restaurant works like a well-oiled machine and food was consistently great with interesting specials offered.

The reason we chose this restaurant was because I can't eat gluten and this restaurant was rated as safe by people with Celiac disease so I trusted this restaurant to prepare me a good quality meal that wouldn't make me sick and they delivered twice. For lunch I had a burger on a gluten free bun which was delicious and cooked perfectly with Bleu cheese on top. The thin fries they serve were also great and we were assured everything was prepared in a separate section of the kitchen to avoid cross-contamination. The staff made me feel very safe eating there which is very rare. My meal even came with an allergy stick in it and the person that delivered it stated it was gluten free as well. Having all the staff on the same page and having these quality control pieces in place is the best way to cater to allergies in a restaurant. Also had the creme brulee which is well worth over-stuffing yourself.

For breakfast I had gluten free French toast with a blueberry sauce and fresh whipped cream. It was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had, even when I used to be able to eat normally. My bf had the skinny pancake (crepe) special with cinnamon and Nutella and hazelnuts. The waiter apologized for not being able to make gluten free crepes or waffles but that was fine with me and expected, although I would say it isn't hard to find a good waffle and crepe gluten free recipe if Mon Ami Gabi wanted to send their gluten free customers to heaven. 

All and all, great atmosphere, a relaxing meal, and outdid my expectations and I didn't get sick. Totally awesome. Merci, Gabi!We came here for brunch before heading back home! Be sure that you make reservaation so you don't have to wait in line. Also they won't let you in until everybody is here! 

I ordered Salmon Eggs Benedict which was good but the muffins were little bit hard. I was surprised with the hashbrown that they put on the sides. It was tasty, golden, crispy outside and soft inside.  My friend ordered the blueberry french toast, we all love it! The toast was soft, the sauce wasn't too sweet, perfect!

For the coffee, oh my ..... UH-MAYZING! Who wouldn't like Intelligentsia coffee? If you want strong, roasted bitter taste coffee, go for their house blend. If you want something smooth and soft, go for the cafe latte. 

I will come again!Delicious food!! I love the steaks (I always have a Filet Mignon) with the Merlot Butter that melts and oozes flavor! I love the "frites" that come along the side (french fries). They are so yummy and I normally don't care for french fries.
  I have been here about a dozen times and I am always impressed with the food and the quality of the items. It is a great date spot...has a romantic appeal to the atmosphere with great views of the Bellagio fountains if you get to sit outside.
  Leave room for dessert and enjoy the most insane Bananas Foster Crepe!! 
  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it is really pricey and you have to walk so far from the parking garage to get there. That might be a good thing after eating so much!!Ate here again and Tammy was our server. She was awesome. The coffee here is perfect. I wish they sold it by the pound so that I could bring some home. Really good food and great staff.I'm always scared to try new places because the food often disappoints me but this place have great food from the appetizer to desert and the staff were great from the manager to the host!
Great place, great people, great food!
The place is a hot spot so get there early or make a reservation!Excellent food, very good wine list, attentive service. Also offer a gluten free menu.I made reservations on Open Table for two at Mon Ami Gabi after reading all of the raving reviews here on yelp. We drove into Vegas on a Friday night and parked in the Paris Paris parking lot. After spending the next few minutes trying to figure out how to get to the restaurant from the casino, we arrived promptly for our reservation at 7pm. The waiting area was packed by the time we arrived. There was two lines, one with reservation and the other without. We waited about 15 minute before we were seated. We were seated inside next to the window with a view of the Bellagio fountains. I was hoping for this since the view of the fountains is one of the things noteworthy about this restaurant (being that it's across the street from the Bellagio). You could pay more for a better view and eat at the Eiffle Tower restaurant. We couldn't hear the music when the fountains were on but we were able to catch the fountain shows every time it went off (I think it was every 15 minutes).

Our waiter arrived and explained to us the special. It was a bit difficult to hear him due to the noise but hey, it's Vegas and it was a Friday night. Given that it was a steakhouse, we decided to order the steaks. We were served bread while we waited. Our meals arrived about 20 minutes later. Portions were big and steak was cooked right.

Overall, for the price, view, food, and service on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi is an excellent option. Place is very popular so reservations is highly recommended even on a weekday night because again it's Vegas.Yes. Yes. Yes. My sister took me here and I fell in love with it. It has great views, fabulous ambience and very tasty food options. I have never had French food before, I was actually shocked at how much I enjoyed it! It's a pretty hoppin spot, so make sure you have a reservation. We had the trout special with vinegar and salt potatoes! It was amazing! We had the baked Brie also and it was just ok, I've actually had better. From now on when I'm in Vegas, I will have dinner or lunch at this spot! Add it to your list!Excellent French breakfast on the Strip. I had the Quiche Lorraine with a side of the best strips of bacon I have ever had in my life! My beautiful girlfriend had the waffles and a side of eggs. We paired all this up with coffee and macchiato. Delicious and a great price for the quality and atmosphere. Well done!The service was accommodating and patient. It was nice sitting in the sun out on the patio as you could watch the strip alive with people passing by.I love cheese but I've never been a huge fan of mac and cheese. Well this place is the exception cuz they have the BEST mac and cheese I have ever eaten or seen in my entire life. (btw I haven't seen/eaten a lot of mac in cheese so take what you want from what i just said.) Be warned, it has a LOT of cheese (probably why I like it so much)...and to make it even better it has a nice crunchy top. My friends and I got one to share and we all loved it! It might be a lot to eat by yourself b/c it's really rich.  Everything else we had here was pretty good too...but the mac and cheese is what sticks in my mind.  Has a cute outside patio area right next to the strip makes for great people watching on a nice sunny afternoon while you are enjoying some mimosas. :)Another exceptional visit. Great meal, great service, great wine and great view on the outdoor patio. I never miss the chance to visit during a Vegas trip!4.5 stars.

seated almost right away as a walk-in during brunch. got a nice privately located corner booth spot. service was very good and attentive, and menu offered lots to choose from. 

corned beef and hash was delicious, one of the best I've had, though I wouldn't preferred my egg slightly more runny. butter lettuce and arugula salad was perfect, light and refreshing, the pate with toast provided a very large portion, but the pate itself was a little bland and dry which was the reason for the -.5. 

other than that our waiter was very helpful and made some good recommendations on non-alcoholic drinks.It doesn't get much better than a birthday dinner in Paris; especially when you don't have to go through customs to enjoy it!

The incomparable Jonathan D. made reservations at this Strip landmark in advance.  However,  upon arrival we were thrilled to discover that a patio table dead center across the street from the Bellagio fountains was available.  The time? 7pm. The time the Bellagio fountain show starts? 7pm.  Yes, please.  I dined on the Catch of the Day, Arctic Char.  It was delicate and delectable. Mmm. Jonathan enjoyed the house specialty of Steak & Frites.  I'm not much of a carnivore, but dang that was some amazing steak.  Above all else, the service was impeccable and I look forward to our next trip to Paris someday!Must Try the Filet Magnon. Sauce is tasty!
Scallop in the appertizer is delicious too!

We ordered 
-Filet Magnon
-22oz ribeye
-scallop
-onion soup
-a glass of rose wine

the bill is about 130 with tax and tip.One of my most favorite places on the strip. I highly suggest the french onion soup and an early reserved seat on the patio!!My number 1 all time favorite restaurant! If you want the best dining experience, request patio seating and enjoy the bellagio watershow.  Make reservations in advanced, or you may not be able to get in without a very long wait during the weekends! Enjoy!Great atmosphere, food and service.  They ran 15 minutes late on our reservation but we got an excellent table (covered patio section which is air conditioned) which is the best for people watching. Keep in mind a reservation is only for an inside table, you have to get in another line to get on the list for outside.  The wines were very inexpensive and the kale/egg salad was fantastic.Ordered eggs Benedict and sat out on the balcony - very good. Reminds me of Sara Beth's in NY.My, this place is right on the strip with a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountain. I recommend that you tell the cashier at the entrance to give you a seat outside with a fountain view, you will have to wait but not long. 

From the many times I had breakfast here I really enjoyed the bread. The steak and eggs for breakfast is delicious and I would like some more. They marinated the steak to a flavour of herbs which I like.

For dinner I had the biggest T bone steak ever. That was huge,nearly as big as my both hands. I really enjoyed it and had to take half of it home. 

Really recommend the escargo (snails) to anyone who hasn't eaten any. My favourite French appetiser. They are cooked in garlicky olive oil and explore in your mouth with delicious taste. I always have this at any French restaurant I visit.Every time we go Vegas, this is probably the one restaurant that automatically makes our list of restaurants to go.  It's never a matter of IF we come but WHEN!  So we always like to come for breakfast and sit out under the covered patio.  And we've never been disappointed coming here therefore I believe they deserve 5 stars.  Amazing food, great service, and beautiful ambiance.  The only thing is there's usually a wait, which isn't so great but they can't help that for being so good.  Everyone is generally friendly, except for some of the hostesses but I guess they're just grouchy from being so busy.  Anyways, let's get to the best part...the food!  I've been here so many times but here's what I remember from my most recent trip:

French Toast = AWSOME! They have some of the best french toast around.  They used to have more flavors like bananas foster but now it's just blueberry but still great!

Chicken Brie and Apple crepe = Awesome! Yep this was also a winner. Their cream sauce is delicious and the crepe is so soft and flavorful. Great combination of flavors!

Corned Beef Hash = Mmmm! Yep this was also delicious!  They had big flakes of corned beef and flavored it to perfection.

Salmon and Quinoa = Yumm!  Again, delicious.  However, my mom doesn't like farm raised salmon but they said they get more consistent quality with farm raised over wild.  I was surprised she orded it anyways.  

Chicken Sausage:  This was a side order but boy was it tasty!  They were kind of small but very very flavorful.  

So basically...I can't wait to come back!We sat in the sweet spot of the dining room closest to the street: at one of the tables just inside the open french windows, sheltered from the midday heat but with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains across the street.

The design is French brasserie all the way; the service is cheerful American. This may be the perfect combination.

Let's pause for a moment and offer thanks for the baguette. It's placed on your table in a paper bag. So chic. But the taste: the shattering crunch of the exterior, the fresh and chewy interior, the joy of its union with the rapidly melting, slightly salted butter . . . You could just eat the whole thing yourself, or you could order lunch. Both are good choices.

We shared the butter lettuce salad, which allegedly included asparagus (didn't see many; maybe husband stole them while I was having an affair with the bread) and a huge round of goat cheese. Briefly considered slathering the rest of the baguette with same, wolfing down the whole thing, and returning to the room for a nap. No! Discipline!

Ahi tuna burger was moist and delicious. Lots of wines by the glass; the riesling was refreshing.

But whatever. I primly rolled up the top of the baguette bag and popped it in my purse. Nana would have been proud.Loved the food and the views that this restaurant provide.  Lovely service and one of my favorite restaurants to go everytime I'm at the strip.First tip, sit outside. You will have an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains across the street. It's worth dining at the restaurant for the view itself, but the food will blow you away as well. Our waiter had a fake French accent and was pretty cool to talk to. 

My mother and I came here for 1 reason... to eat their steak frites. They are to die for, and like I said on my profile, they would definitely be my last meal before I died if I had any say about it. 

They first gave us some bread. It was a baguette, and it was delicious. I think I could have eaten the entire baguette if I wasn't so anxiously awaiting the steak frites. When the steak finally came, it was cooked perfectly, and the french fries were nice and crisp. I couldn't ask for anything more. The portions were pretty big, so I didn't finish, but I still had some room for dessert.

We ordered the bananas foster crepes, and excuse my French, but HOLY SHIT, they were delicious. They were definitely one of the best desserts that I've ever eaten. The crepes were extremely thin and filled with bunches of sliced bananas and this caramel sauce... if you were thinking that this couldn't get any decadent, they were topped with vanilla ice cream. I experienced pure bliss while eating these crepes, and you will too. 

So yeah, overall if you're looking for moderately priced food on the strip with a good view and an epic dessert, you should definitely try Mon Ami Gabi.I've always passed by this restaurant and finally decided to take a dive and try it. The first thing that caught my attention is the extremely cute setting. The restaurant is located in front of Paris and is staring onto the strip and Bellagio.

My boyfriend and I stopped by for brunch/lunch. The weather outside was just perfect, nice and sunny, and we were lucky enough to catch a showing of the Bellagio water show while we were eating.

The wait staff is extremely attentive. Service was very good. Our food came out fairly quick. For an appetizer we ordered the baked cheese. No joke, this was the best cheeeeeeeeesilicious thing I have ever eaten. 3 different cheeses baked with marinara sauce and garlic bread. Holy moly was this good. We ran out of garlic bread fairly quick (there was only one piece *insert super sad face*) but have no fear cause there was a complimentary baguette (fresh baked) and we used that to top off the rest of our cheese.

We both ordered steak for our entree. It's a thin cut, not the usual chunk of meat I'm used to. But regardless, it was still delicious. Both our steaks came with something called frits. It's a mix between potato chip and french fry. But nonetheless, delicious with our steak.

If you want some brownie points with your girl, take her here.Breakfast was amazing.  Great menu, prices not too crazy and service impecable.  Get the crepes!Best breakfast/brunch I had in Vegas.  The waiters were incredibly attentive and great at guessing what you want to drink when you're a bit hungover & jet-lagged.  I recommend bacon waffles with an extra bacon explosion side, like our waiter said "you only live once".  In addition to the delicious food and wonderful service, this place won me over fully when our waiter made a mycology joke.We had a small birthday party here. The food was great and the service was five stars. Definitely recommend this place.I'm not sure if there's a better value for your money in Vegas. This was the best meal I've had in at least a year, and the total bill for two came out to under $100 (before tip, anyway).

Just an excellent steakhouse with top notch service and quality in everything, from the cuts of meat to the sauces, the bread and even the French onion soup. I was shaking my head in disbelief at how good every bite was, and the bill was half of what I'd expect given the quality and service. Highest recommendation.I had dinner here with my two girlfriends and were serendipitously given a table with a view of the Bellagio fountain show. Atmosphere was absolute perfection and very romantic. There is quite a bit of a wait (approx 20 mins) even with a reservation so it can be a bit frustrating at first. However, once you are seated, the staff is wonderfully efficient and serve you freshly baked French bread (very tasty) and butter with shredded carrot appetizer (on the house) before you can bat an eyelash. Our entrees were served to us within 5-10 minutes of ordering. Amazing! 

I ordered the Steak Au Poivre, which is with the black peppercorn sauce. It was cooked to a perfect medium and tasted delicious. Entrees typically come with a mound of thin French fries. We shared a bread pudding, which I cannot remember due to the overconsumption of Sangria that night. But I remember that it was tasty and served a la mode. My most salient memory of this place---they have STRONG sangrias. Order them if you want a nice glow during dinner. 

Overall, I really liked this little cafe. It's a bit different from my usual, which is just your average mom and pop hole-in-the-wall shop. But I found it to be nice without being overly pretentious. 

Tips: Make a reservation because this place is veryyy popular and packed with people on the weekend.Beyond yummy! The seafood was so delicious... scallops ahh highly recommend!They have a dedicated gluten free menu! They have gluten free bread! Great sauces in all their dishes. Sit out side for a view of the Bellagio Fountains.Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas is a MUST whether you are one person or a group of 20!  The location, food, service, pricing and experience is a combination that is hard to beat!  Every time I go to Vegas - It is a MUST!

This trip we had a company party (about 20) in the private dining room overlooking the Bellagio fountains and I must say it was a highlight of the trip!  The service was superb from the drinks (My choice - grey goose slightly dirty with blue cheese stuffed olives) to dessert (My choice - banana's foster crepes).  We were allowed to order off the dinner menu (rather than a fixed 'group' menu) which was an added treat for everyone.

We ordered about 8 chilled seafood platters to start our meal which was plenty for 20 people....amazing chilled lobster, shrimp and oysters!  Worth every penny!  People loved the french onion soup (we were able to get the recipe)!  You can go wrong with any of the steaks (signature hand-cut fries are a MUST) top it off with banana's foster crepe or creme brûlée and you have gone to heaven!

- Not in a group?  The terrace is fabulous for any meal but no reservations outside!Excellent food, great view, and service with a smile.  We always eat there for breakfast every visit to Vegas. This last visit, we ate there three days straight.  The pancakes (crepes) are as good as it gets and the chicken sausage is unbelievable.  Where else can you eat right on the strip, people watch, have a view of the Bellagio, eat excellent food, and be pampered by caring, knowledgeable staff?best steak sandwich & pomme frites!!Amazing. Sat outside for breakfast looking at the bellagio under red umbrellas. All the food is so good and taste made from scratch (whip cream for waffles, jam for toast, whipped butter). Am going back for lunch now.One of my favs in Las Vegas.  Divinely french with delicious food and if you are lucky enough to snag a patio table you get the added bonus of great people watching.  

The escargot are very nice and garlicky and the steak is always cooked to perfection.  We had a vegetarian with us one visit and they were so amazing and accommodating, it was unbelievable considering how busy this restaurant always is.  Never had a bad meal or experience here.

Do yourself a favor and reserve a table - a walk up may be over an hour wait at certain times.I had two trips out to Vegas planned for July, the first was with my husband, daughter and my parents and the second was with my college sorority sisters. The trips were back to back weekends and Mon Ami Gabi was one of the highlights of both trips!  

The first week we were able to get seats on the outdoor patio, the Bellagio fountains make for an excellent table side distraction when at a restaurant with an excited 4 year old. I was a little underwhelmed by my Steak Bordelaise, but everyone else RAVED about their steaks. The Frites and Escargot were excellent.

The second week with my girlfriends the wait for an outside table was 2 hours and we opted out of that, however they seated us on the inside where we could still see the fountains and amazingly the 28 year old women were as enthralled with them as the 4 year old had been the week before. This time I got the Steak Bernaise and it was so good! All the ladies loved their steaks as well, and for the price it really can't be beat. We each got an entree, plus 2 veggie sides, 2 apps and 2 bottles of wine to share at the table and our per/person cost was only $53, including tip. Can't be beat!Came here for a bachelorette party dinner. Straight off, they were extremely accommodating in holding our reservation since it took us a bit longer than expected to get ready. As one would expect from such a restaurant, the service was exceptional. Our waiter was courteous and had a sense of humor. He also made sure we got our food and check in time for us to make our plans later in the evening. 
Food was amazing as well. All of the steaks were delicious and the French onion soup was incredible. Definitely stop by when you're in town.It was late and the husband and I hadn't eaten dinner yet.  I was fearful that we wouldn't find a thing considering it was prime time dinner time in Vegas on one of the busiest (for weddings) weekends of the year (10/10/10).

Mon Ami Gabi, is not only fun to say, but is a casual french-style dining experience.  The menu had all sorts of good red meat choices: steaks and whatnot; and some onion soup, etc.  But the pricing seemed ... eh ... a little high.  But whatever, we managed to get a seat at the teeny bar (seats 6-8) and talked it up with the bar guy, really cool dude.

This is going to sound boring, but Dave and I ordered the onion soup and shared a burger (we did not intend to go all out this night), which was the perfect choice for the bar seating, right?  Heck yes. The burger was simple in its presentation, nothing out of the ordinary, but the cooking temp and size and vehicle were stupendous and delicious!  So juicy and came with some great skinny frites (those French!!).Not a bad choice I made for dinner, if I do say so myself.  Directly across from the fountains at the Bellagio,  inside the Paris casino, it's about as European as you can get in Vegas.  It's dark, romantic, and seductive, the waitstaff (or at least our waiter) has excellent manners, and the busboys refill your water regularly, and the prices are very reasonable for the level of service and quality.  An excellent, well-organized, French-style restaurant.  They made a little boo-boo on my girlfriend's order, but from my standpoint it was just about perfect.  Oh, and Betty H. just reminded me of how they put a mini baguette right on the table in the bag - a classy touch, and fresh, tasty bread to boot, with your choice of whipped butter or whipped carrots.  I chose . . . both.

You might think that a vegetarian foodie (some of you don't understand that there is such a thing, but I'll let you catch up) wouldn't be able to find anything at a French restaurant, but au contraire, mon frere - they have a vegetarian sampler that is anything but an afterthought.  Garlic spinach, some spicy lentils, asparagus, potatoes au gratin, green beans, and whipped cauliflower . . . it's like someone made your vitamins delicious . . . and I thoroughly enjoyed every bite, and my beat-down-by-Vegas body was reinvigorated.  The wine selection is good, but I opted for the brewed-in-Quebec triple Belgian beer, the Fin du Monde, and like Frank the Tank would say, "It feels so good when it hits your lips . . . so good!"

One word of caution, though - the bathroom is out the door inside the casino and around the corner, so depending on where you're sitting, it might be a hike . . . and the water and the wine keep coming . . .PROS:
+ Great spot for large parties.  We called in a reservation for 12 people, and we were happily surprised that they were able to accommodate on short notice.  We even called twice to push back our arrival time and they were able to accommodate.  They sat us in a sectioned off room which was right under the Eiffel Tower with a good view of the strip.  

+ Our server was really sweet and very helpful.  Service was great!  Drinks, bread, and water kept on coming!

+ Filet Mignon - my wife to be ordered this and it did not disappoint.  I don't normally like filets but this was one of the best (if not thee best) that I've ever had.  If I could re-do, I would've ordered this.  

+ the mussels... delicious!

+++ we were celebrating 5 birthdays... and we got 5 free desserts!  free desserts is always a +++

CON:
(-) But alas... I ordered the Bison Ribeye special, Medium-Rare.  The first bite was amazing, as well as the 2nd and 3rd.  But from then on, the rest of the steak was deep purple in color and pretty much RARE.  I tried to keep going and normally I would've been okay with it, but it was difficult to enjoy.  I talked to the server and explained and she said they would throw it back on the grill.  I was hesitant because I knew what would happen... and it did.  When the steak came back, it was well-done.  boooooo.    

But this did not ruin the evening.  This place is awesome and I would definitely come back.  Our bill came out to be $100 per COUPLE, including a generous tip and almost everyone had a drink or 2.  Great ambience, location, service, and food (minus the undercooking/overcooking situation).  If I had ordered Medium to begin with (or if medium-rare was done right), then this would be a 5star rating.This place is really good!
Made a reservation on Open Table for brunch and did not know they had a Bloody Mary Bar so I was even more excited when we sat down and learned this information!!

The bloody mary is made with a heavy hand of Kettle One Vodka and then you head over to the bar. They have SO MANY OPTIONS! At least 4 different base mixes, olives stuffed with different special treats, cucumbers, jalapenos, at least 15 different hot sauces, Worcestershire, fresh ground pepper and BEEF JERKY!!! That absolutely blew my mind. I would never think to put beef jerky in my bloody mary but it was awesome!!

I had the Croque Madame and it was sooo good. The ham was succulent, the bread was perfectly crisp, the egg on top was cooked to perfection, the cheese... everything was so good!!

BF got the Nutella Waffle and it was unlike any waffle we had ever eaten. It was so crisp and light to the bite. The nutella was not overpowering and it was such a subtly beautiful waffle I just dream about it. 

Our server was awesome, our scenery was spectacular and without a doubt, whenever I am in Vegas I will for sure eat here, at least once!!Totally cliche, totally touristy and totally awesome!

We wanted breakfast  and didn't feel like walking around to find the perfect place.  Well, we got lucky and found a perfect place without even trying.  We were sad to find out brunch is only on weekends but our server was great and let us order breakfast even though they were on the lunch menu.  I had poached eggs with corned beef hash and it was really tasty.  Sitting on the patio is totally worth it, the people viewing, being across from Belagio fountains and the Paris atmosphere was better than expected.  I hate waiting for a check and I hate waiting for my change after I pay.  None of that going on here, the staff is so attentive walking back and forth that it was such a quick process.  The cool thing is you never feel rushed, I really appreciated the entire process of paying.We went there after our friends wedding for wedding dinner. They sit us right away outside with amazing view of Bellagio Fountains. The food was great. Their steaks are the best!Mon Ami Gabi is the kind of French Bistro friend we all wish we knew back in our own hometowns.

For me, the number one draw was the View ... not the view of the Paris Hotel & Casino, but the view from the outdoor patio of the Bellagio Fountains across the Las Vegas Strip. There are two dining options at Mon Ami Gabi: Indoor or Patio. Indoors is going to be a "finer dining experience" and much shorter wait. Even though we had reservations, it took about 20 minutes to get seated on the patio. The wait was worth it. We lucked into a table right in the middle directly across from the Bellagio. If you come after 6:00 p.m. the fountain show is every 15 minutes, so, plan accordingly.

Our meal was $195 for my wife and me. It was a bit over-priced, but still a rewarding couple steaks, drinks, and sides. And did I mention the view? Olivia had the 22 oz Bone-In Rib Eye Steak with Bearnaise Sauce ($40) while I got the Filet Mignon Merlot with Butter & Wine Reduction Sauce ($35). Both steaks were 4-star cuts of meat with the filet tender and the rib eye juicy. They came with the house Frites and we added sides of Asparagus (3-stars) and Mushrooms (3-stars).

I stuck with the house Pinot Noir (Mon Ami Gabi 09 $8 each) before/during dinner while she went with 3 rounds of the Le Fleur cocktail ($13)  which was super sweet thanks to St. Germain and Bacardi Limon. For dessert, we split a Creme Brulee ($8 - 4 stars) and had a Latte. We were in no rush to leave thanks to the Fountains of Bellagio view and relaxed pace of our meal.

Our server was especially bland. I'm sure his job must suck serving tourists all day, every day, but a little enthusiasm or acting like you cared about our experience would of been nice. Oh, who cares. Just bring us another round of drinks.

Anyhoo, come for the view. Enjoy some steaks. Dream of being in Paris. You're on vacation at Mon Ami Gabi.Brunch on Christmas Eve was wonderful! There was no wait for party of four for outdoor seat. The interior of the restaurant is classy and full of varieties of wines. We ordered corn beef hash and poached eggs and salmon platter. Delicious!I had a great experience here. The only thing I'm docking a point for is the portion of the braised beef on my beef eggs benedict. Otherwise it would've been a 5 star place for me. The flavor in my dish was good. The French toast was delicious. The atmosphere was nice and so was their service. (Yes the fries were good too, but the steak was just OK in my opinion...) Pretty solid place for brunch!6 girls and a really nice "sex and the city" feel breakfast.

we didnt have to wait long and got seated outside. it was a little windy but they had heating lamps outside. we knew we wanted some mimosas and the waitress was nice enough to let us know that a bottle of champagne would be cheaper than  a glass each. Cool! 

i ordered the crab cakes egg benedict i think it was called, and it was really good. nice big pieces of crab and you can taste it really well. the egg was done just right and the hash browns!!! sooo goood. 

my friend had the chocolate bacon pancakes which were such a treat! really unexpected flavors and really yummy, more like dessert but it was delicious. 

others had the original eggs benedict and etc, but we were all quite happy and satisfied with our meal. I think it was $26 for each person with tip.

will definitely come again! and try that onion soup!I had one of the best steaks at Mon Ami Gabi I've ever had. The steak is a very generous portion and thinly sliced. I ordered medium and got exactly what I'd asked for.  The steak with carmelized onions in red wine sauce was TDF! The frites were a bit over salted, but still yummy.  The side spinach was heavenly and loaded with garlic.  For a party of 10, it was not difficult to get a reservation. If you are looking for a nice dinner while in Vegas, Mon Ami is a great choice. Steaks start at $24 and end at $39 for a bone-in cut.This is the best place to eat breakfast. Price is perfect. We spent 50$ for 2 people and fully satisfiedVery good salmon
Nice ambience
Nice view 
Good serviceHaving a great time hanging out at the patio bar.  They have the best crab cakes in the universe.   Nothing else compares with these.I come here every time I go to Vegas. Love the ambiance, love the view, and LOVE the food! Great quality of food and that fancy restaurant feel without an exorbitant price.Get a seat outdoors with a view of the fountain under the heat lamp (if you're going in FREEZING February like I am).  

And if here for brunch, definitely get the corned beef hash with poached eggs.  It was GLORIOUS!  Definitely the best I've had.  Not too salty.  Eggs were poached perfectly.  All in all, it was a perfect meal to start my day.  Oh...and get a glass of fresh squeezed OJ or grapefruit juice.  Was delicious!

Great service, great food, and not to mention my awesome company.  Will definitely be back!Really really great place.  Small bar, but friendly bartender, made up for the short wait for our reservations.  I don't know how long it takes to be seated without one, but it's in the middle of Paris casino so there's stuff to do in the meantime.  The food is quite good: I had the Ahi tuna salad and mooched off my girlfriend's steak and frites.  The frites are a little funky, but still tasty.  Prices are what you'd expect from a Vegas restaurant, but it's worth it for the food quality and ambiance.I've heard many great things about this place.  The ambiance was great.  It was raining so we didn't get to enjoy the patio seating =(

But the food was delish

the FRITES!

I can just sit there and eat that all day long.

I started with the warm goat cheese salad.  This is where I found my love for goat cheese.  Who knew...

I'm a brie kind of girl

Didn't think I'd even like it.  BUT damn, it was amazing 

The staff was amazing.  They were on point with refills, informative, and patient.  Must go back!Another home run! My high school friends rarely fails me but we never studied the French equivalent for "cleared the fence".  
If you ever find yourself in Sin City, don't walk by without grabbing a strip side seat and glass of freshly squeezed juice in the morning.
The portion size is plentiful and the date covered bacon should be recognized as an equal gift to the US just like the Statue of Liberty.
My slight ding against the 5 stars is that our server seemed a bit rattled and non existent to our table of three.  She inquired about our need for jam and butter and returned with it when we asked for the check. My waistline benefited with the lack of turn around!So the reason why this is getting 4 stars is because the steak and the scallops were sooooo yummy! However, the restaurant is kinda cramped and the waiter was quite rude.

Let's start from the beginning: it was my friends 21st bday dinner!

Customer service: our waiter was rude about our drinks and just very u invested in our table. His name was Ibrahim. He was ok just didn't care much for us as customers and was rude with my friends drink. Which I did not appreciate at all.

Food: So, I split my steak with my friend and she shared her scallops! 
I had the hanger steak and it was cooked perfectly and sauce/butter they used to cook the steak made it taste so decandant. It was a little sweet but in a good way! The fries that were served with my steak were delicious and crispy! 
The scallops were also very appetizing. They had this cream sauce under them that tasted amazing! The scallops were cooked well and melted in my mouth. 
However, I was very disappointed in my dessert! I LOVE cremé brûlée and caramel! So I ordered the caramel cremé brûlée. When it arrived to the table and I took I bite it was cold.....and it's suppose to be warm....I was so sad.

Atmosphere: it's located inside the Paris hotel, and so I thought it might have a more elegant feeling but it didn't. It was very dim in the restaurant and very crowded! I also went on a rainy day so we couldn't sit outside. Overall it felt very casual.So I decided I wanted to take my BF out to a nice lunch, I of course went to my handy dandy yelp app on my phone. We got waiter #32 he gave us some amazing recommendations (I think that he should be promoted to a tag with his name instead of his number) We started off with the Country Pate it was impressive , I've had better though. Then with the recommendation of our waiter i had the scallops AMMMAAAZIINNGG. I then ordered the escargot. WOW!! The sauce it comes with was so good i was wetting my bread in it to, it was perfectly buttery and garlicky. if i couldve licked the plate i would've. :)  We also had a pitcher of frangria their version of sangria so awesome. My bf had the steak cant remember the name but the sauce was wow amazing perfectly cooked, the waiter was really attentive and kept checking on us. Would bring us fresh bread whenever our was out. We were stuffed so really werent sure if we wanted to have desert, our waiter recommended the bread pudding. Now mind you I HATE bread pudding and so does my bf, but we decided to go out on a limb, WOW OH WOW!!!!!!!!!!! MUST HAVE, one of the best deserts I've had. The ambiance was really enjoyable we people watched and enjoyed the breeze and the sun. Over all experience AMMMAAAZZZIIIINNNGGG!!! Definitely will be back for brunch!I had the best time here. There is a bit of a wait but it is well worth it. They give you a pager so you can gamble a bit and have fun. After they paged us they sat us down outside. Being a tourist: this was the best location to be at. You can see al the craziness and appreciate the Bellagio fountains. Molly, our server was extremely pleasant and professional. We ordered a carafe of their sangria. Which was yummy, a bit too sweet but the ice took care of that. We had the escargot. It wasn't in the sell, so that was different.... it was a bit too garlicky for my liking and the flavor wasn't very full. I would not order it there again. We also ordered their onion soup which was great!  Especially with the fresh bread they serve. OH! I almost forgot, their butter was amazing! There was a bit of a wait but with a place that packed you cant really take that into consideration. My friend ordered the merlot filet mignon.. Divine! The fries were a bit greasy and since they were thinly sliced the grease was a bit more concentrated,  but were still delicious! I had the mussels. Holy moly! Their garlic sauce was amazing! I would have taken Molly up on the offer for more bread had I not been so full! Only 2 mussels weren't opened, The steak was cooked just right. They had a special salad, but my fat cousin decided to join us. He ate it, lol.The salad had great presentation. Some sort of fish, maybe bass? Not quite sure. We also asked the server if it was okay for him to join us in the middle of us eating, she didn't mind. We requested a dessert and a drink to be placed in front of him as soon as he sat down. HAPPENED IMMEDIATELY. I FREAKING LOVED THIS PLACE!  Next time in in town I will DEFINITELY visit again.Fabulous restaurant and service. I feel like I'm in Paris. The view is phenomenal and I wish it wasn't so cold I could sit outside.  The coffee is great and my server has thought of everything. Debbie is the best . Everyone in Vegas has such an interesting story.  When I first walked in I thought it wasn't open but as I was walked to my table the space opened up and  I guess it seemed like the old saying I was so far behind I thought I was first. Even though there are a lot of people it isn't noisy.Location, location, location!  That should be enough said, but based off the LOCATION, I gave it 5 stars.  Now, if it was based off of the crappy server we had.........  did I mention location?

Food, eh, good enough, considering the...... location!

A little overpriced for what you get, but the location is great!Wonderful from start to finish. Friendly, attentive staff and delicious food. Only negative was people were just allowed in to wait at the bar but ended up standing around my table and trying to steal tables. Overall an amazing restaraunt.Oh man! I ordered tons of food just for myself cause my gf wasn't able to eat as much of their tasty food. I ordered their french onion soup and it was amazing. The cheese melted on top and the broth was sooo sweet and tasty. I had their bloody mary bar and now I know how to make one myself. It was tasty as well. Got me buzzing at 12 noon. Then my entree came; which was the lobster roll...oh man it was good. You can taste the freshness in the lobster meat.Got to sit outside, directly across the street from the Bellagio. This location is perfect for people watching. 

The wait staff were absolutely perfect. A a somewhat picky patron, and former waiter myself, these folks were perfect. They were always around when I wanted something, and never hovering when I didn't. No one did that thing where they bring you your food, and two seconds later, ask how is everything before you've even taken a bite.

I had the french onion soup, the frise/kale/bacon salad, and a burger with blue cheese, bacon, and fried egg. All were awesome. I'd order all again.

I highly recommend this place. Including two glasses of wine, the whole bill was $64.11 for two people. Technically, that makes it fall into the $$$ category, but it's on the low end of it.ここは、良かった！
席の位置が重要！噴水のショーが見れる場所がおすすめ！！
料理もワインも良かった！I LOVE THIS PLACE. It's in a gorgeous location - if you sit outside you have an amazing view of the Bellagio as your backdrop. My party of 6 came here for lunch on a Sunday, and we were seated immediately. 

I ordered French toast from the Brunch menu, ~$10. I don't even like French toast all that much - but it was perfection. The toast was soft and spongey, and it came with really good blueberry jam/sauce. The whip cream was also very light so I didn't feel bloated after. 

The $3 coffee was also really great. They give you free refills, which I failed to realize when I gave a waiter my cup. It's not too bitter, and tastes perfect with a bit of cream. 

Other notable/good dishes:
+ Jumbo Lump Crab Salad Tartine
+ Most of the salads 

After the meal I felt full in a very satisfying way - great place to sit and relax and enjoy your food and the view.My wife and I ate here before a show at the Paris. It was too cold to sit outside, but the bistro feel indoor was fine. House wine was reasonably priced and good (though I am not a connoisseur) and the warm loaf of French bread was delectable. French onion soup was rich with no shortage of onions or cheese.  I had the Beef Bourginon which was excellent. My wife's prime rib was huge, tender, and cooked to perfection. It was accompanied by creamy scalloped potatoes and al dente green beans. We each took 1/2 home for lunch tomorrow. By Vegas standards, the prices were reasonable, as we got out at under $100. We will return next time we're in town.I was here for a client lunch and after some confusion when we checked in, we had a good experience.  I had the Classique steak frites and it was really good.  I wished we had been able to sit outside since it was gorgeous but it was packed.This could be a 3 star or a 5 star, my first time there was 5 star.  Great seats looking right at the Bellagio Fountains,  Great steak prepared perfect and very good service.  Last night proir to us ordering the service again was very attentive,  once or meal arrive till we were finished not one single person checked on us.  When you serve steak you need to check back almost instantly to make sure it's done correct. What was unbelievable is our server had the table behind us and in front of us and walked by us 3 or 4 times bringing things and checking on them.  My friend finished before me and his plate sat in front of him for 15 minutes and mine for 10 waiting for anyone. I had to flag him down for the bill.  I let him know all of this he said a simple"my appology and disappeared.  He came back with the bill and set it on the table and walked away. Service last night was a 0, food again was great though.  I won't write them off due to that guy, but bad service can kill a meal for me.My favorite place in Vegas. Had another wonderful terrace breakfast. Wait for the terrace was 15 minutes. They move the line quickly. Classic eggs benedict were cooked to perfection. Pleased to see a gluten free option. Service was excellent. This restaurant moves with a bustling fluidity of a true french culinary experience. Champagne cocktails were also great.I've attempted to dine at this place twice. The first time, I didn't have a good experience, so I came back another time. I met one of the restaurant managers, Chris Manna, he made sure my boyfriend and I were well taken care of. There's always someone that will take something as a bad experience, but with a little acknowledgement, it can always be turned around.. that's that Chris did for us and your view of Mon Ami. Now we've gone back a few times and we enjoy eating at this restaurant.Did not like it the first time I went there.  Getting better every time since!  Give it a chance!I love this restaurant!!  HUGE portion sizes, I recommend sharing an entree plate rather than ordering individual plates.  

The fresh french bread is delicious with the room temp butter.  it just melts in your mouth.  Skip the escargots..the dressing on it was to overwhelming.  I ordered a yummy roast chix. and my BF ordered the steak bordelaise; it was great up until you have a bite with the carmalized onions....so if you order this, request for no onions.My friends and I came here for brunch/lunch and didn't have to wait long for a table.  It gets packed on the weekends so make reservation if you have a large group!

It has a nice ambience to the place.  Seat indoor or outdoor.  You get a great view if seated outdoor in the shades.  

Service is great...our waitress is attentive to our needs and if we want something extra or water, she gets it to us right away.  Excellent service!

The price is pretty reasonable.

We ordered and tried the following:
*Onion Soup Au Gratin - It's like you're class French onion soup but even yummier.  The grueyere cheese just melts in your mouth (5/5)

*Chicken, Broccoli & Cheese Crepe - It's your classic crepe..delicious and with just the right flavor.  (4/5)

*Steak Frites - Apparently it's what some were raving about so overall, it was pretty delicious!  Well marinated and savory.  (5/5)

*Sea Scallops Gratinees - It's mixed with caramelized fennel, onion marmalade, and mussel cream.  Sounds yummy?  Yes indeed!  Well-seasoned flavors to go with the sea scallops. (5/5)

*Endive & Roquefort Cheese Salad - fresh ingredients..you can definitely taste the freshness!  The roasted barlette pears they added into the salad makes it even yummier! (bonus point) (5/5)

So stop by Mon Ami Gabi if you're ever in Vegas to enjoy some yummy food! =)DW and I dined 10/26.  She ordered sea bass, I had Filet Au Poivre frites.  Entrees were outstanding.  Another plus, we were seated in the cafe section indoors, but with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  Service was spot on.  I consider Mon Ami Gabi to be a very good value for a restaurant on the strip.

Overall a very enjoyable meal on the strip.One of the better restaurants in Vegas. I go specifically for the Chicken and Brie sandwich which is amazing, with caramelized onions. The service is always great, servers are friendly and prompt. I recommend Patio seating if it's not too hot or too cold, for a view of the strip and people watching.I picked this place because of the great reviews, I have no idea what some of the bad reviews were about, but this was amazing. I was supposed to go with a friend, but they got sick, and well I wasn't about to waste a great reservation, so I enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi alone. Don't feel bad for me though. I was so happy with the food that I hardly noticed the pity looks. 

I wasn't a fan of the fact that reservations, and walk ups were in the same line, but whatever. I was there early enough that the line was not super long. 

I ordered the Paris romance drink, and it tasted as if they were able to create the sweetness of first love. The mussels were outstanding. The broth was even better with the french bread, and I wanted to bathe in it if it wasn't slightly unsanitary, and well I was already getting odd looks. 

I ordered the filet with mashed potatoes, and I think that my steak was cooked perfectly. For dessert I ordered the creme brulee, which so happens to be my favorite dessert. I wish I can say that this was the best that I have had, but it was still really good. Over all I would go back, and I really enjoyed everything. The wait staff was attentive, and nice, and nothing was big enough for me to not give it 5 stars.Filet mignon with merlot butter is their most popular dish with good reason.  It comes with these perfectly ribboned thin cut fries that you can dip in the rich delicious sauce.  The filet was perfectly cooked.Great atmosphere! Great food! What an awesome way to spend a late Sunday afternoon in the sun.  Outside patio is worth the wait.I came here for lunch on a lovely Friday afternoon. It's directly across from the Bellagio hotel.. if you sit in the patio area you might be lucky enough to catch the beautiful water show! not sure, if you would be able to hear the music though. Location wise, it's one of the best places to eat on the strip! It's smack in the middle of the strip.

Avoid sitting in the patio area in the summer time. It'll be too hot to eat in the scorching sun! Be sure to wear sunblock and sunglasses! :-)

The food was really tasty... the bread was so buttery! :) I ordered steak and fries! My friend ordered crepe/scallops/shrimp... it was so creamy and so delcious. My other friend ordered the open face BLT with avocado.. it was a little messy to eat... but it was delicious nonetheless.Came here last year in September for my 21st bday wknd with my boyfriend. Had lunch here before leaving for the airport for our flight. Forgot what we ordered, but whatever it was- it was pretty great. We sat outside so we had a lovely view of the Bellagio. Service was good. I think this was the first time I tried escargot.Be prepared to wait... I've been here a few times and I think my second time there was a great experience.  Our waiter was so helpful and he had a french accent which was very fitting.  I was here for easter weekend and was a little disappointed that I have't seen him again, but still a good experience.  I ordered the Lobster roll which was delicious.  The onion soup was a little too cheesy, but still good.Believe it or not, my friends and I got a recommendation for Mon Ami Gabi from our cab driver! On our cab ride from the airport to the hotel, the cab driver was giving us a song and dance about being able to get us into the clubs, so while he was on a roll, my friend asked him where he would recommend to eat. It was interesting to hear what he said even though we had all been to Vegas before.

Am I glad we listened to him! He told us to check out Mon Ami Gabi around 2:30pm for lunch in order to catch the 3pm fountain show at the Bellagio. We went on Sunday around 2:15pm and asked for a table outside on the rail (like the cabbie told us to ask for). They told us it would be a 45 minute wait especially for a table outside. But it turned into more like 30 minutes. We killed time at the casino ; ) 

Everything was perfect, except that is was SOOOO sunny and hot on this particular day, so we ended up rushing through our meal due to the fact that the seats "on the rail" have to cover above. Even with that, the service was perfect, the waitress was polite and fast and the food...was AMAZING. Two of us got the same sandwich special and my other friend got one of the club sandwiches. We all liked our food. Yum! The sandwich I had was chicken with pesto, grilled red peppers and yummy cheezy-ness! YUM!

The lunch prices were surprisingly reasonable for such good service and food, $9-$15! Seeing (and hearing) the Bellagio water show was so fun!

My recommendation is:
1) During the day, ask to sit outside, but under and umbrella!
Or
2) Go for a super late lunch or early dinner when the sun is lower in the sky or dark : ) It must be beautiful then!

Highly recommend it, but if you need a very specific time, call ahead and make a reservation so you get to see the show! Check out times here:

Monday - Friday
3:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. - show every 1/2 hour
8:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. - show every 15 minutes

Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays
12:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. - show every 1/2 hour
8:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. - show every 15 minutesWe ate here the second night there.  Food was really good.  We were by the fountains and that was nice.  Lobster roll was on point.  Definitely best thing I had.  My boys liked the food too.  It was a good night.Had the steak sandwich. Good food great location. Too hot on the patio at 4:00 but the view was great. It would have been nice to have more shade.This restaurant sits right in front of Bellagio hotel, right behind the Eiffel Towel. Great food breakfast. Great view.This place was amazing, and much better than expected! The first day we ate here; we all had a nice beverage to get the morning going and sat near outside but not so near that we heard street noise or felt the cool air. 

Everyone loved their respected dishes. We ordered; Salmon Plate, Croissant Sandwich, Chicken/Brie/Apple Crepe, Blueberry French Toast, Eggs Benedict, Bacon, Breakfast Potato. 

Total for all of us was $140, which is not bad for 6 people plus drinks and tip. 

My friend and I returned the next morning and had a bagel with cream cheese and potato's - which again were fabulous. 

This is definitely my new breakfast spot!Great for breakfast, and the only place we go for breakfast when visiting Vegas. We usually order the Turkey Omelette and the Eggs Benedict. Service is great and the coffee is too.Spectacular service and great food. Their filet migion was amazing and cooked EXACTLY how I wanted it. The bar also did a great job with my kettle tonic. If possible, seat yourself outside for a great view of the Bellagio water show.Simply perfect and decadent French cuisine. I knocked out a whole baguette by my self with the best fois gras I have had In a while. The salmon was fantastic. Keep up the great work!This was the spot for our Valentine's dinner.  Although we had made a reservation months ago, there was still about a 20 minute wait since it was packed!  We didn't mind, as I got the play the slots while waiting.  

Once our table was ready, we were seated in my favorite area with a view of the Bellagio fountains.

The fresh baguette was warm and delicious.  It came with a carrot concoction I'm not crazy about and cold butter which I love.  We were so hungry that we ate the entire loaf before our food arrived.  

We ordered...
Escargots - Delicious!!!
Crab Cake - Yummy!  My husband gobbled most of it up!
Salmon Tartare - Fresh and delicious!  But there was more avocado than salmon.  
Butternut Squash Puree - tasted like baby food.  Would have been better with shaved cheese and herbs on it.
Mac and Cheese Side - with all that cheese melted on it, it was difficult to get to the pasta.  Once you got to it, it was cold and bland.
Sauvignon Blanc - We finished the bottle and it was perfection with our meal.

Our server, Ibrahim was professional, funny, helpful and attentive.  The food was mostly good.  

Will be back again but will not be ordering the mac and cheese or the butternut squash.This place has one of the best steaks in Las Vegas for the price, whenever I have someone visiting from out of town this is on my list of places I have to take them, the view on the patio is absolutely breathtaking and you'll catch the Bellagio fountains at least a couple times during your dinner which is fantastic if you aren't used to them, but the best part about this place is definitely the steak I highly recommend the peppercorn one I order it every time and it is absolutely amazing! Their steak frites are AMAZING!!! I literally try to bring everybody that is visiting Las Vegas here! I would give it 10 stars if I couldI had made reservations for a group of 6 on a Friday night and for some reason it never went through (quite possible that I made it for the wrong location...oops!) but they were still willing to help us and accommodated us with a table right away! Our waitress was very nice and gave everyone a sample sip of the wine they ordered which I thought was great! Everyone raved over their meals, especially those who ordered steaks. The warm French baguettes that they bring to the tables before dinner are also fantastic! I highly recommend checking this place out. I haven't had the brunch here but I hear it is amazing so I will check it out next time I'm in Vegas!loved the filet mignon! so tender and juicy!!! :)Don't miss out on some of the best French onion soup you've tried. If the fresh bread isn't pipin hot send it back & ask for more... It's worth the request. Also if you sit on the patio expect to be rushed as they new to turn over those best seats.. But I'd rather take my time and sit in the inside patioYay me for being review #4000 (I think)!

Anyways, my sister, brother-in-law, and I stopped by Mon Ami for a late dinner around 10. Worst part about Vegas is that if it's open, it's busy. The hostess originally told us that they were not accepting walk-ins until 11 but my sister was clever enough to make a reservation through Yelp for 10:30.

After losing money at the slot machines, we were seated promptly. Our server was a bit awkward but extremely helpful and courteous. We ordered 2 hanger steaks, 1 mac & cheese, and a kale salad. The hanger steaks were exquisite. They were super tender and the fries were super thin and crispy albeit over salted. The kale salad was okay. Nothing special. The macaroni and cheese was pretty good too though but I believe technically it would be shells and cheese. 

We also shared a carafe of "frangria" and it was good but I would've preferred regular sangria. It was almost too light and juicy. It was almost like watered down wine. 

Overall the dinner was good but pricy. I would come back since everything in Vegas is expensive but at the same time it seems more popular than it deserves.Great patio seating!! You have the people walking the Strip, the Bellagio's Fountains right across the street, and the Sun shinning on your partied out face...haha. The staff here are dressed in white shirts, black ties, and black vests that give it a Euro/Paris Café feel.

The food is great too, Everything tastes and feels fresh. From the simple salad to the New England style lobster roll that comes with crispy wedge cut potato chips. Another great dish here is the quiche with asparagus. Nice crusty texture on the outside and creamy on the inside.

The inside of the restaurant is very nice too, especially the bar. It make you forget that you are in a Vegas Casino restaurant.

This is my must stop every time I am going to hit the road back home because the food is not greasy or heavy that it doesn't get me sleepy for the drive.Thanks for my fellow Yelpers, I tried this place and was so pleased!  The food, service, and the view is exceptional!  

We came for breakfast, and I am NOT a breakfast  person!  Nothing on the menu sounded good!  And I'm not usually a picky eater!   I went w/ the waiter's recommendation for the Corned Beef w pouched eggs!  I don't even think I like corned beef....until now! Very tender and flavorful!  My hubby got the French Blueberry toast b/c we over heard some old lady raving about it outside the restuarant!  I have never enjoyed French Toast b/c it's usually way too sweet for me! But I MUST SAY! OMG!  Their French Toast is to die for!  It was not too sweet and the blueberry syrup and fresh blueberries were amazing!  So amazing that we had to come back for it the next morning!  Oh their coffee and OJ is very very good too!

I would like to try their dinner menu next time! Cuz if they can blow me away w/ breakfast and I don't even enjoy breakfast, I am pretty damn sure they will make my tastebuds have lil seizures for their yummy dinner! Or so I hope! Till then....

Oh! great view of the Belliago Fountains! 

Great tip!  For breakfast, ask to be seated INSIDE!  You will still get amazing veiws of the fountains but w/out the heat!  We got seated at the open door way so we get the AC, coverage from the sun & gusts, and gorgeous views of the fountain show!  Totally 'WINNING" status!Love, love, love this place! Really great and even affordable food, lovely outdoor seating accompanied by amazing service. My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered; corned beef hash and eggs, croque madame, steak and eggs, chocolate-hazelnut waffles! But my absolute favorite was their escargot! I would say one of the best I've had - yes, in Vegas! Crazy! It wasn't even on the brunch menu, but they still brought it out for me, so sweet =) I love that! 
(July 2012)This review is long overdue! 

I have been eating here for years, it is always on my "must have" list when visiting vegas. I have NEVER been disappointed with the food or service in the many years I have eaten here. 

I love everything on the menu. EVERYTHING. Honestly you cant go wrong. The french onion soup, the bread, the steaks, the seafood, dessert - it is all fabulous. 

Thank you mon ami for being my favorite vegas restaurant!Love this place but check in today was less than normal. We had a reservation for the inside, but because it was so beautiful outside we decided to ask for out side seating, which we knew meant we were on a waiting list. Tiffany was less than polite and acted as if I were trying to get away with something. I realize it was a holiday weekend but that was over and today was a new day. Then we were seated on the railing and Sarah was our server. She took us to where we remembered. Great service friendly personality and watching the water show at night was just so very romantic and what we needed for our 20th anniversary thanks Sarah!!Admittedly, have only eaten here for breakfast/brunch.  But we've had that meal here many, many times (this is one of the "mandatory" stops every time we're in LV).   Staff has always been excellent, the place is very cute (we always try and eat on the patio) and the food delicious.   I *looooove* the skinny pancakes (cinnamon of course) and the Quiche Lorraine.We had a party of 17 for dinner and the servers were fantastic, and food was great. 

The standout dishes was the bone in rib eye, the filet, roasted bass fish special.  The scallop gratinees and salmon tartare was also fantastic. The only disappointment was the tomahawk pork chop which was dry and not tasty. 

We had one child, and the kids plate was adorable with a good balance of chicken, fries, and veggies.my girls favorite place to eat in las vegas.   very very good food.I love this place. The food is 4 stars but the view of the bellagio fountains are 5 stars. I ordered the trout with string beans and my boyfriend had the sea bass special with mash potatoes and mushrooms. The food came out so fast it's almost questionable how they made the food so fast. But I have no complaints, the fish was cooked wonderfully moist and flavorful. With 2 drinks and 2 entrees the bill came out to $60. The price is pretty reasonable when you consider the breath taking view. I ate my food slowly and got to enjoy the fountain show at least 5 more times.They take no reservations for outside. Depending on the time of day or evening the wait could be as long as 90 minutes, sometimes more.
Here is my secret. After you give your name at the front, go directly out back were is another bar. Usually standing room only but the people watching is great. You will notice some of the asst. managers walking around in suits...Let him or her know that you have made a reservation and slip them a nice gratuity saying you would be very happy if they could help you..
It has been done for years and it still works. It's not a guarantee but I have been pleased with the results.

Outside is great, very crowded, close sitting...but some of the best people watching in the city.I go to Mon Ami Gabi every year when I am in Vegas for work.  I usually stay at the Paris, so it is convenient.  Plus, the views from the patio is of the Bellagio water show every 20 minutes or so.

We started with our usual Escargot appetizer and it is great paired with the french bread at your table.  Buttery pesto garlic deliciousness.

I am simple at M.A.G.  I've been so many times, I've honed in on one item - the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter.  The meat is so soft, you swear you can cut it with a fork.  And the flavors are off the charts.

I was too full to attempt dessert.  But I've had it before and it does not fail.

I'm a big fan of Mon Ami Gabi.  It is a great place for a fancy dinner, or a dinner meeting, or just to eat and people watch the freaks in Vegas make their way down the strip.It was extremely crowded when I ate here during breakfast hours.  I suggest making a reservation beforehand.  

The smoked salmon eggs benedict  was delicious-- it was the best I've ever had, in fact.

Overall, good food in a highly touristy location on the strip.Great food, great service, got the lobster roll sandwich... very tasty but a little small for my appetite but perfect for a lighter lunch meal.Fantastic bistro food with a great wait staff. We split French onion soup and a steak frites Boredelais and were stuffed. We had a couple glasses of wine, shared some laughs and relaxed easily in this dark, comfortable bistro.

Frankly, if you skip this you're missing a wonderful spot.Perfect, Prefect, Perfect... This is an amazing restaurant.  The food is perfectly made, the location is perfect and the service is perfect.  Every time I go to Las Vegas I always stop by this place for lunch.  Relax for a few hours in the outdoor seating while you see the Bellagio's fountain across the way.Service was great.  Even though we showed up at noon and the breakfast service was done, when we asked, the server said they would still make stuff from the breakfast menu.  The eggs florentine and the french toast were both great and reasonably priced (~$15 each) .  The frangria was excellent.

Would definitely come back for breakfast.Service was great. Filet mignon and salmon was excellent. But I feel like I've had the same dishes else where for a third of the price. Escargot was bland. I probably won't order the chicken because it was half of a rotisserie chicken and I don't want to work for the food. Unless I'm at boiling crab or eating kbbq then that's understandable. 

We came with a party of 18 and they provided complimentary champagne for all the ladies. When we received our bill, 15% gratuity was added - ok. But an additional 5% for table charge because we called in to reserve a table. 

Over all..my experience was a little above mediocre. Nothing stood out to me as far as service and food goes, other than the food being perfectly cooked.This was an amazing experience for both dinner and brunch. The environment that the restaurant provided was very nice, as it was my first time dinning there.  The heatlamps make a warm outdoor seating enjoyable with a view of the Bellagio water fountain display is a sight to see. The service is quick and everything we got was mouthwatering.Just returned home from my trip to Vegas and felt compelled to write this review.  I stayed at the Bellagio across the street, and I dined at numerous places during my 4 days there.
Mon Ami was the best.  
Service was top notch; staff all friendly, thoughtful,  knowledgable, and made excellent suggestions.
Food was delicious, steaks were much better than those I had at much pricier haunts (such as "vooDoo"),  and the view of the fountains was spectacular.  I ate here 3 times in 2 days (2 breakfast, 1 dinner), and sitting in the morning shade while drinking coffee and watching the fountains be test-fired is one of my best memories of my visit to Vegas.Ask to be seated outside in the evening! No matter what you order, you will love it. A little pricey, but the service and food are totally worth it! Perfect for the Paris Hotel! Excellent for a romantic dinner or to hang out with your girlfriends!This place is amazing. My boyfriend and I went during CES, and even though we didn't have a reservation like almost everyone else did, they got us right in. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. The food is to die for. I have eaten all over the country and in many other places around the world and this is the only place I have found that A) cooked my steak exactly how I asked for it to be cooked, and B) paid attention to every little detail with the food to make it perfect. 

The only reason I could not give it 5 stars is because I did get some plastic in my food on accident, and working in a busy restaurant I know it happens from time to time. They apologized sincerely and were very understanding.

I would definitely go back in a heart beat. Tip for others though, it does have outdoor seating where you can see the fountain across the street but you get seated faster and have way better service inside.I ordered the butternut squash spinach salad and it was tossed really well. The spinach gave it a sweet nutty taste I love. We waited to sit outdoors for the fountain show and it was well worth it. The view is amazing.Came here for a nice romantic lunch with my girlfriend. The menu is very french, but also has some great seafood options.

I had a lobster roll, while my girlfriend ordered an omelet. the omelet was less than terrific, but the lobster roll...mmmmm....my mouth just started watering even though I ate it over 2 weeks ago. 

great wine and cocktail selection, along with a bloody mary bar during brunch.We stopped in after a long flight for some apps and a glass of wine before we hit the strip to hard, 
We ordered the Wild Escargot and the Mussels in White wine. Both were great, you also get a fresh baguette, you will want it to sop up the juice from the mussels, my favorite part 
The only downside was the waitstaff, they were all hanging out in front of the bar, literally two feet from us, but never checked in, and it took forever to get our check.I visited this restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner. It was nice experience to try all. Service was consistently good. My server were forgot my drink once but he apologized and got my drink right away. They have nice selection of wine, which I love.
Smoked salmon platter and banana foster waffle for breakfast. I loved them so much. Waffle was so fluffy, sweet with banana and Cinnamon powder. 
Onion soup au gratin is very tasty also. Classic in french restaurant.  Mussel mariniere with herb, white wine. Its good starter of the meal. Fish and frites, french version of fish and chips. It wasn't greasy, very light and crispy. 
Steak Roquefort, steak with blue cheese. It cooked as I wanted, came with their special fries. I liked it. Slow braised lam shank was my favorite. It came with nicely cooked couscous, melt in my mouth. Just so good!
When I go back to Vegas, I'm going there again.We went here twice for breakfast. Had the Bananas foster waffles with fresh whipped cream, they were amazing!! Perfect seat out side on the terrace.After making a reservation at this steakhouse on the strip side of the Paris LV resort, we were seated promptly at our reservation time.

You can choose to dine inside in the French inspired dining room, or outside on the patio facing LV Blvd and the Bellagio Fountains.   We choose outside, and it was a good experience.  It was a cold evening on the strip in December 2012; however, the heat lamps kept everything quite toasty.

I had a steak that was cooked nearly perfectly to my liking.  I would give the food an easy 5/5 and the atmosphere ranks high in my book as well.

The only reason I dropped it one star, is because our server was not the most friendly of people, and I truly felt rushed and unattended to during the course of my meal.  

Of course, chances are, if I tried again, I might roll good with a new server.Last night in Vegas and our friends and I weren't too hungry.  I've read about this place and wanted to try it and since we were walking by on our way to Caesars, we decided to eat here.  Was planning on just getting the french onion soup since it was a little cold outside and I love french onion soup.  We requested a table for 5 outside since it was nice and we could watch the Bellagio fountains while we hung out.  

The mini baguette that they brought out to eat while we wait for our food was pretty good.  Crusty and chewy, just like I like it.  Like I said, I was planning on the french onion soup but when I heard that one of the specials was bouillabaisse, that's what I wanted.  I like seafood.  It was cold outside.  Perfect.  Soup was very flavorful and fresh.  The mussels and clams were tender and sweet.  The fish was perfect.  Not mushy but just firm enough.  And last but not least were the scallops.  Nice, big and sweet.  Not tough but tender.  And to top it off, some really crusty bread slices to sop up the liquids.  Trust me, you want to get all of it.  

I also shared the chicken liver mousse with my buddy.  That was delicious.  Put that on the toasted points and it was a homerun.  Put a little of their mustard on it and it's a whole different experience but still a winner.  

The service was solid.  The atmosphere was fun and not boring or stuffy.  I would definitely eat here again next time I'm in Vegas.One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Every time I go I get the Prime burger with blue cheese, and frites on the side. I haven't been able to try anything else because I love this burger so much!! Their prices are very reasonable. $13 for the burger I get. We went last night on a saturday at 7pm and waited an hour and a half for a table on the patio. The service is great as well.Classic, delicious and fantastic atmosphere and service. 

You will probably see Mon Ami Gabi, it's right out front of Paris so it's tough to miss. You should go in and check it out. 

We went to Mon Ami for a work function and had a prix fixe menu. Everything we had was classic and delicious. In addition to tasty food, the place offers fantastic service and an atmosphere and view that are second to none. Some people will wait for hours to get an outdoor seat to see the fountains at the Bellagio. 

The menu prices aren't even that bad for a good Vegas meal. 

Would dine again. 

Five *****This was just an amazing place all around.  the wait for the patio is well worth it (first come first serve).  There's no replacing having brunch across from the Bellagio Fountains.  The drinks were well made and decently priced.  The real star of the show was the incredibly wait staff.  They anticipated everything you could want.  Coffee was refilled the instant I thought I'd want more and the main course was brought out at a perfect time after the appetizers.  The baked goat cheese in tomato sauce was delicious!  Somehow they got the tomatoes perfectly roasted, but not burned at all.  Eating here was a real treat and I can't wait to go back.  Just be sure to get there early if you want an outside seat.  Otherwise I highly recommend a reservation for the dining room.Good gluten free options! Great gluten free flourless dark chocolate cake! Best fries!!!

Great salmon and onion soup!!

Good service!Overall a really nice experience. If you sit outside on the patio, it's a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountains. You get more of a "Parisian vibe" if you sit inside though, so honestly it's a win-win no matter where you sit. 

The free bread appetizer is literally a huge loaf of bread. Doesn't seem very hygienic with everyone digging in on the same piece of bread, but maybe that's how they do it in authentic Parisian cafes? No idea LOL. 

Ordered the chicken and mushroom crepe. Delicious. Everything on the menu looked good and I would love to go back :)After  making a reservation we almost canceled it after seeing the place from outside. But we ended up having dinner there and the food was actually good.Loved the scallop appetizers and my quiche was AMAZING!  Creamy soft custard redefines what quiche is for me. Onion soup was delicious too.This is our daily breakfast place. The first morning the Paris lost power halfway in.. So sad! We did get free Bloody Marys though! We went back three times after that. The service is so good here! And of course the food is outstanding.Super surprised by the quality of steak at this place. We had a group of 10 for dinner. The waitress was calm and a damn good sport for taking care of us the way she did. Everyone was happy with their meals. $38 for a bottle of red wine in vegas that was pretty decent?! Major score.Dinner review only, we hear they do good breakfast.  Overall, Mon Ami Gabi is quite good. 

I'd give the food a 3-4 stars.  The room a 5.  Service, 4-5 also.

It's a huge place. Very dramatic and Belle Epoque in feel (palms, mirrored walls. soaring ceilings , right out of Gigi, you know? Half expected Maurice Chevalier to pop out from behind the host stand and say "Thank heaven you made reservations, mes p'tits because just LOOK at those lines, hoh hoh hoh...!")

Prices are fair. Most dishes solid brasserie quality.

I'd give a solid 4-5 stars to the steaks and the escargots. Hubby enjoyed a sublime brie starter.

The only downer was the Steak Tartare. In fairness, it's not a dish they prepare often (Vegas crowds being more "cook my meat please.")  It was just too coursely chopped and under-seasoned, not to mention gristly.  I would definitely pass on that particular dish. I'm 99% sure the person who prepared that dish had never in his or her life eaten it. 

But - service was very good, and we really enjoyed our dessert (a light, true chocolate mousse) and drinks.  A classic Kir Royale made it feel un peux Francais despite the location on the strip.

Warning:  They mention the place is overlooking the Belllagio fountains.  Not exactly.  Their PATIO is on the opposite side of the street from the Bellagio so if you happen to snag a patio table (bonne chance with that, mon ami), you'll see the show (over the traffic).  Most tables are indoors.

It's loud, but not unpleasant.  We opted to share the banquette so we could hear each other munch and say "Thank heaven, for leetle vacations..."We had a company dinner their so I am unsure of the price per person but it was good. The appetizer with various cheeses was really good.We ate here for lunch based on Yelp reviews-- we wanted somewhere unique to the area, inexpensive, and yummy-- and this fit the bill!! 
We both ordered Frangria- it was a great, inexpensive fruity option that paired well with lunch. We also ordered the Tapenade appetizer because I am a sucker for olives- it was great, but so is the crusty french bread that you get complimentary, so an appetizer isn't a must.
I had the quiche Lorraine, which was delicious and a giant portion. My husband had the steak sandwich, which he also really liked, and those little crispy fries it comes with are fantastic. 
It was a lot of food- so much that we only had an appetizer and dessert later on in lieu of dinner. Price was good, there wasn't a wait, no complaints here! We will definitely back next time we're in Vegas.Was just there for Saturday lunch in December 2009. Started with a fresh hot baguette for the table..which was delicious. Crunchy and soft in all the right places. 

I got the Croque Monsieur ..that was divine! Ham and cheese and a fried egg.. on great bread. So so good!! My friend got the special of the day, which was a duck and fig open faced sandwich, which was spectacular as well. Someone else at the table got the steak sandwich..which was plain compared to our two dishes. It wasn't bad, it was just bland and boring. He ended up eating some of my sammy. 
My other friend had the Eggs & Beef Bourguignon and said it was mediocre at best.. 

Becareful of the mimosas. We got a couple..and when the bill came it was $10 a pop!! So not worth it, since you can get unlimted mimosas at all the brunch buffets for like $5. And they tasted the same.I was very impressed with this tourist-trap.  I had to eat on the patio, which was an amazing view of the business strip with a performance artist right by corner singing Sinatra. Yes, there is also a bus stop there, but you can see the Bellagio fountain.

As far as food goes, it's average. You don't come here for the food, you come here to get a front row seat to the street performance artist guy in the wheel chair singing Sinatra from a portable amplifier.This is a reasonably touristy place on The Strip, but a great view of the Bellagio Fountains across the street. Filet mignon is the house specialty, as you might guess for a French steak house. Wife loved hers. To be different, I ordered a regular steak with Bernaise sauce. Was flavorful, a bit chewy and gristly, but I like that in a steak that is not a filet. French fries are fabulous, different in shape and texture from any other place I have eaten. The Frangria (think that is what they called it) was good and a good price bargain.We always come here when we are in Vegas.  the outdoor seating is perfect for people watching.

The breakfast is good.  I recommend the french toast.

In Vegas, most breakfast is average (think Denny"d, iHop) so its best to pick a place with the best atmosphere.I found this place on Yelp and saw great ratings. I decided to come here for my bday dinner while in Vegas. The ambiance was very cute and the food was amazing. My only con is the customer service. Our server seemed very dry, disengaged , and bored. We honestly received better service from the busboy than our server. But overall the food was great. The steak was cooked perfect and the asparagus was very flavorful.I love the Paris Casino and this restaurant does not disappoint.  You must sit outside to soak up the scenery and for the people watching while you eat.The lobster tail in the seafood platter was excellent, as was the guacamole ceviche. The steak came out well done even though I ordered medium rare, but the waiter resolved it pretty quickly. The food was worth the wait.A prime location being the center of the strip, with patio seating right up against the sidewalk. It's because of that i never tried this place before, believing people only ate here because of how trendy it is. Well, i was completely wrong. This place is legit, had breakfast and lunch here and it did not disappoint. The price was just right!Vegas tradition for boyfriend and I to eat here every Vegas trip! :)

They have never disappointed me with food. EVER. 

HOWEVER the last time I went with my boyfriend, I got a horrible waiter who was obnoxiously rude and just didn't seem like he really enjoyed his job. Although I love the food and I'm never scared to throw down the bills here because I'm always satisfied, the servers need to keep in mind that a lot of people going are expecting top service. C'mon your a restaurant right in front of the bellagio show, on the strip with patio seating. Show customers a little decency here.... be nice or at least come when we obviously want to order or need something... 

ANYWAYS enough about him...

escargot- yum
salmon- yum
steak- yum
ALL the desserts - DELICIOUS
croque monsieur- yum
au poivre- yum

I can go on forever... if your in vegas, stop by and give this place a try! u won't regret it!Awesome! Just plain simple awesome.

Great food - the best I've eaten in Vegas. The chicken was tender and flavorful. And if it's brunch time, you HAVE to get the french toast!

The service is top notch too. And, I can assure you if you order right the meal is very economical.Mouth watering dishes! All of them! Yeah, I'm the type to pick off everyone's plates. Don't judge me! and I'm Such a sucker for outdoor patios!! Vegas weather does get a bit crazy, but you have a choice
Of sitting in the indoor patio! What? Yes!! Get the steak and the sandwiches. all of them. Take it Togo if you can't finish it cause it taste equally amazing hours later in traffic or on the plane!This place is a solid 5! The patio seating offers a sweet escape from the dark, smoke-filled casino and the food is amazing. I had the steak frites and warm goat cheese salad, both which were amazing. The steak was tender and juicy and they definitely do not skimp out on portions here. The salad was refreshing yet savory. I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.We went here for Sunday brunch around noon. We got to sit down in the patio which was nice and cool and we had the spectacular bellagio water show view to enjoy. The mimosas were delicious and the French baguette hit the spot. Would love to eat here again.Thought the food was tasty. Unlike everything else in Vegas, the portions aren't huge, but they are tasty. And the location can't be beat.Our favorite restaurant for steak.  This is one of few restaurants on the strip that I would recommend.  I'm usually one for variety but the filet mignon with red wine reduction is so good that I cannot bring myself to order anything else.Best find for semi fine dining in Vegas and very fair prices. My group had an amazing time and an amazing view. We were able to make a reservation and get seated right away. Everything we ordered was great! I was grateful for the experience. :) definitely go for one of the steaks. I choose the more savory of the choices and was not disappointed.We (my boyfriend and I, both in our 30's from Silicon Valley) stayed at the Bellagio across the street and were not happy with the prices and atmosphere in our hotel. 

We saw the good reviews for this place and decided to try it. We were not disappointed! 

We ate here for both dinner (Saturday night) and brunch (Monday morning), both were fantastic, reasonably priced, great service and atmosphere. 
The food of course was also great.

We got a reservation for both times, and we were seated right away. So grateful for this place.This place is awesome! Great view, great steak, and great service. This is a must eat in Vegas for budget steak. The $20 hanger steak with mashed potatoes was great stuff. I know good steak and Mon Ami Gabi did amazing. This place was really crowded but they got us seated quickly. The appetizers were so so but the steak and mashed potatoes changed my attitude about this place immediately. Do not order the french onion soup. Very tasteless. STEAK STEAK STEAK with merlot butter! 

Recommendation: Hanger Steak w/ Mashed Potatoes.

Note to try: French Toast dessertThis is a great value for Vegas!  The location is hard to beat and patio seating is even better.  The chicken liver pate was excellent, especially on the fresh and warm baguettes they bring to the table.  Scallops were pretty good, overall a great experience.Part of the attraction for me to this place was the amazing patio seating that Mon Ami Gabi provides to you.  When the sprinkler system (aka misters) aren't on, it's quite nice to feel like you're sitting under the Eiffel Tower (albeit a fake miniature one) in a cafe beside the street.

The first thing I immediately ordered was a mimosa and eggs benedict.  The menu is pretty in depth and I was deliberating between the eggs or a crepe.  Ultimately I chose the eggs benedict.  Good choice in my opinion.

The mimosa is pretty damn strong.  I have a feeling that the orange juice is only in there for colour.  I personally asked for another glass of orange juice to dilute the mimosa a little bit.  Actually, the cool thing about asking for orange juice is that I got to make 2 mimosas for the price of one.  Score!

The eggs benedict was pretty good.  Nothing really too different about it.  I was pretty happy with how it tasted and thought it was pretty good.  The cool thing about their hash potatoes that they serve it with is that they put caramelized onions into it.  This kinda made it so that you didn't really want to put ketchup into it.  

In the never sleeping city of Vegas, it's nice to sit down and just have a nice breakfast every once and a while.  We all know how crazy it gets during the night, so it's a nice time to spoil yourself... and get drinking early =).Great breakfast food (ordered some salmon egg benedict and waffle with berries) , great view of the strip and great coffee by Intelligentsia. 
A good way to start the day in Vegas! Very recommendedAmazing restaurant, it's where I dine on the first night of every trip to Vegas. The ambiance is great, service impeccable. The French onion soup is delicious with a rich broth. The frisee salad with warm bacon vinaigrette and poached egg is a delicious brunch item. Their steaks and scallop dishes are wonderful. I suggest getting the cauliflower puree as a side rather than the frites. Wonderful wine list.Get the steak frites! 

It was the best thing I ate along with the quiche lorraine and macaroni gratin which I thought was very bland. The steak frites was the perfect hearty meal for breakfast. Go early and get a table outside so you can watch the people walking down the strip being drunk or take the walk of shame!I've been here several times now and Every time Service was great! Last month we were here and The server and the whole wait staff was very attentive. Didn't get my order right the first time but the server did really great to fix the mistake and got my correct order.Great food, Incredible breakfast. The French Toast is a must! !! Great location and vive, always packed. Excellent service.They have definitely improved their service (maybe overdoing it now) but nonetheless very attentive. food was great and we had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. I was so happy ;)We had a great seat just inside the patio, so we had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains during dinner!  Well worth it and we will definitely go back again.I really like this place.  The service is excellent.  We had a delay and the waiter was incredible.  The food is very good, not great but very good.  You patio is always good because you get to people watch and the Bellagio water show.  You should definitely go with the steaks but the ladies liked the fish a lot too.Went here for breakfast to sit outside on their patio. Overall service was attentive and excellent. I tried an egg benedict special recommended by the server, it was very good.Cant really say anything bad about the place. There was some woman yelling at the host staff demanding to be seated when we first approached the host stand. Seemed to be a bit much.Located inside the Paris Hotel.  Lovely ambiance, great service and awesome food.  

Love their French toast with blueberry sauce and fresh blueberries even though the first time was so much more amazing than the second time.  They unfortunately cooked it way too much and it was quite burned the second time around but I was so hungry I didn't send it back.  :(. 

Their prime steak sandwich is actually super tasty. The slices of meat are very tender and juicy.  Love their dipping sauce.  My mouth is watering as I am talking about it. Also their chicken Brie sandwich is very yummy.  Good portions too so you could share.  

Unfortunately haven't had a chance to sit and dine outside with the lovely views of the Bellagio fountain because the few times I went were extremely hot outside but I will once it starts to cool down.  

They have such amazing bread & it's complimentary.  Be sure to have some but control yourself from eating the whole batch so you will have room for your meal.  ;)

Very enjoyable experience!!!The only reason this is not a 5 star is the prices.  Very expensive for breakfast but it was very good. So good we went twice this stay. Service excellent. Seated right away. Served immediately and food was out promptly. Sat outside sling the railing on the street side.  Great location.Bon. Le potatoe mash est bon avec chives. I've had better croissants for less money but, the nice environment made up for it.I had my birthday dinner here with a few friends and it was pretty good.  We had reservations and as soon as most of our party arrived they promptly seated us.  The waitress made a few appetizer and entree suggestions that were very good.  After reading all the yelpers saying that their steaks are hands down one of the best things there I just had to try.  I'm not much of a beef eater but taking a leap of faith I ordered the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter Sauce.  Oh boy it was melt in your mouth delicious!  The sauce was just perfect , the sauce was in no way overwhelming and it was cooked to perfection.  It was served with potatoe frites (similar to shredded potatoe chips, not thick as french fries).  

We also ordered the Escargot and bake cheese as appetizers.  I love cheese and their baked cheese had this tomatoe base mixed in with the creamy cheese.  If you love tomatoes and cheese it's really good with the bread.  The Escargot were baked shell-less with a wonderful olive oil pesto sauce.  It was just yummy.  After all the Escargots disappeared I had an idea to dip my bread into the pesto sauce that was still in the pan.  

For Dessert we had the Banana Foster Crepe.  It was big ennough to share and was wonderfully delightful!

Things to try:

-Escargot
-Baked Cheese
-Seared Scallops served with Cauliflower puree (taste just like mash potatoes almost)
-Hanger Steak (If you don't mine chewing a bit and a little gamey)
-Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter Sauce
-Crab Cakes
-Oysters on a half shell
-Creme Brulee
-Banana Foster Crepes

The servers were very polite and if you want to try out their oysters, they actually give you a sample of one before committing to a full tray of them.My wife and I ate here almost our whole week for breakfast. This place is PERFECT!!! The wait staff is great, the food is incredible and the prices are reasonable for what you get. The people watching is also pretty good. I wish this place was by my house, I would go here dailyI thought I wrote a review but I guess not. I love this restaurant. Anyone that is planning to visit Vegas or at Vegas must check this restaurant out. I've told everyone I know to go here for brunch. I ordered the salmon benedict and this was the BEST salmon benedict I've ever had. The salmon was perfectly smoked, fresh and tender. The sauce was on point and the egg was above 5 stars. Each bite of this dish was making me smile. I also ordered coffee and went a like cray with this. I probably drank 5 cups. Customer service was fabulous but most importantly the food. You must order the salmon bennie!Excellent.  Our server was wonderful and very helpful.  Food was delicious. I had pan seared scallops and I ate them in about 4 minutes.A perfect choice to enjoy delicious food with a great view. Their outdoor seating is ideal on a beautiful day. 

I started with a Caesar salad and my boyfriend had their French Onion soup. The salad was fine but not great, the soup was VERY cheesy. I'm not a big fan of onions, but it was quite tasty. Our starters were good, but I couldn't stop eating their delicious french bread! They also brought us some very good apple and fennel salad. 

We are both steak lovers and we had some of the best steak here. We opted for the filet mignon and it was the most tender steak ever! He ordered the Filet with Merlot butter and I ordered their Filet Mignon Au Poivre. Mine was great, but my boyfriend's steak was even better! Their frites were very good as well. Don't expect fries, they're more like chips. We each had a glass of Pinot Noir to accompany our meals. 

For dessert, I ordered their bread pudding which was moist and delicious and my boyfriend tried their Bananas Foster crepe. We also had their Cafe Gabi. It is coffee with Bailey's, Grand Marnier and Frangelico. Yum!

This is definitely a place we plan on revisiting. Very soon!Incredible. Amazing. Eat there, dammit! 

My review is based off of my visits circa 2008 in preparation for my Vegas wedding. The food was delicious (especially the creme brluee), the view is spectacular (you're looking right at the Bellagio fountains), and the ambiance is great. Yeah, it's pricey, but is is worth it.I truly enjoy coming to Mon Ami Gabi pretty much every time I'm in Vegas. I like the ambiance and outside seating, eating dinner while watching the Bellagio water show. The food is pretty good, but the only thing that I dislike are their french fries; too crispy and chip like. 

If you want a Las Vegas dinner that's not overpriced and is good, try this place.Let's start at the reservation.  Considering that I had made one about 4 hours before I wanted to arrive and was sucessful at making one ONLINE? That was pretty impressive.  Everything about it was very smooth and gave me no problems, even for a party of 7.

My friends ordered the French Onion Soup as an appetizer, but I got to try some of it.  It was pretty good, not gonna lie.  I had a very nice texture to it and was definitely still warm while we ate it through.  It was a delicious blend of salty onions, but not too much of anything.

My friends and I ordered a variety of steaks, all of which were pretty good.  I ordered the Bernaise one, which was pretty good and probably why I gave it the 4 stars.  The meat was medium-cooked as I had ordered it, but my friend who had ordered medium-rare was a little too cooked for it to be considered close to rare.  But other than that the quality of the meat was pretty good, and the difference sauces for the steaks seemed to go well with all of them, although I did wish that my Bernaise sauce was a little stronger and had a little more kick to it.  

Service was pretty good; they kept coming back to check up on us, however they were a little pushy on trying to get us to order more, like a bottle of wine, which we did anyways.  I won't comment on the wine because I haven't had much experience with wine, but I thought it tasted fine and pretty good with my steak.

So, overall
4-4.5 stars
pretty good quality steak
excellent service (reservations included)
seemed to have a good wine selectionI love this restaurant it is great french cuisine with a breath taking view of the Bellagio water fountains show. Also great for people watching since it is right on the Las Vegas Strip. I have had breakfast, lunch and dinner here everything is great. Wonderful wine selection nice staff. 

Their filet mignon with their house merlot butter is delicious and amazing and only $35 (cheap for the strip), so is their house Cabernet I also LOVE their french onion soup best french onion soup in town. 

Best reasonably priced steak house on the strip in my opinion. 

Sit out on the patio if the weather's nice !Yum! Definitely order the chicken & brie sandwich...rich but so delicious with the brie & apple combo (they do this a lot for appetizers, so I was pleasantly surprised for this combination on an entree)

Also the trout is yums, fries are a bit oily/thin and I personally didn't like it that much. Overall really good place to eat, not too expensive either!Fantastic place! We people watched and ate some amazing food! Everything looked so good! Champagne was yummy! Can't wait to go back!Reasons why this place is amazing! 
1. Delicious coffee! 
2. Fresh bread, butter, and jam if you order a meal that comes with it
3. Great prompt service 
4. Fresh squeezed oj and apple juice !!! The apple juice is the best I have ever had.
5. Eggs are could perfectly 
6. Recommendable dishes: omelette and the corned beef hash
7. Great sizes for the prices
8. Lovely outdoor dining area 
Basically I am in love with this place and can't wait to return on my next trip!We have been to Mon Ami Gabe ' 5 times now.That should say something. The food is above good and the service is always great. See you next year.Bacon grueyer burger.... drips grease till you finish it. My mouth just watered again. 

I wasn't a fan of their fries. 

Good price point for food, and ask to sit inside but kind where you can still see the fountains and you're good to go.I will back next time in Vegas! I had the best experience here. Wonderful service, explanations and recommendations. So glad I listened to my waiter because I had the best dinner overlooking the Bellagio fountains. My dinner started with a baguette, butter, and glass of rose sparkling wine. The fountains were dancing and the music playing. Can this get any better? YES! The merlot filet mignon arrived with a glass of Bordeaux. I wasn't a fan of the stringy pomme frites- only the ones that were soaked in the merlot sauce- so I ordered a side of spinach. The waiter comped it since I didn't like the pomme frites. I had the best dinner alone I have ever had- I didn't have to focus or have a conversation but to focus on every bite and enjoy the view. 
Spectacular location and super romantic - will have to bring my husband back.Came here for breakfast on a Tuesday,  at about 1030, seated right away on the patio. Had the salmon eggs Benedict and the crepe. Also got a side of frites, everything tasted good, service was excellent, affordable. RecommendedWe were there for new year's eve dinner. Outdoor seating for 15 people, they were really nice to take our reservation the morning of. It's a $110/ person set menu not including drinks. Yea...a little on the pricey side, but the location and view is great! The food is not bad either, the waitress was awesome! She made our night!!!! Would def. go back again anytime!My girlfriend and I visited Las Vegas for vacation and went to some amazing restaurants.  We tasted food that blew our minds and had experiences we will remember for a lifetime.  Mon Ami Gabi, however, was one of the most memorable.  Our waiter, Jose was FANTASTIC!  He immediately let us know that he was there to make us comfortable and recommended dishes based on friendly conversation.  He checked in constantly and made us laugh.  He was kind, patient and attentive.  The man loves his job and his passion for world-class service shows in every detail.  If you get a chance to visit Mon Ami Gabi, enjoy the food, take in the view, but GO FOR THE JOSE!I've never eaten at a restaurant on YELP with over 5,000 reviews.  I know I can't add much to what has already been said but my son and I found this restaurant so good we ate here three times in a short two day stay in Vegas- it was in our hotel, the Paris, and it was great every time we ate here.  Service was always excellent,  our most exceptional server was Tracy at breakfast.   I doubt that you would find service as good or friendly in a real French restaurant in Paris. 

French restaurants I've found have always been a little too much on the pretentious side for my taste but this one really serves some exceptional fare with a distinct French twist.  The Croque Madame for breakfast was really good.  The fries were always exceptional, for breakfast and with steaks at night.  The French Onion soup was really well done.   The scallop appetizer done au gratin was one of the best scallop dishes I've ever tasted.   The restaurant has a warm and very comfortable bistro feel to it and I would recommend it highly.

The patio outside has a million dollar view of the Bellagio water show across the street so there is usually a wait for tables outside.  We never experienced any major delay in seating for an inside table.We had 8:15pm dinner reservations and they were able to give us a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains. The sangria cocktail was fabulous. Loved the baguette they brought out but didn't really try the carrot salad that was also complimentary. All 3 in our party ordered steaks with frites. They were divine. Tender, cooked to perfection. The frites complemented the dish well. Good wine selection. Fabulous experience.We discovered this place when they first opened and NO ONE was really dining here. Now you're lucky to get seated within an hour if you come without a reservation.

The food is marvelous and you get good value for your money. We came here before we had kids and after and it's accommodating for both types of parties. The kid's menu has generous portions with one order feeding two small kids. The french onion soup is delish, the escargot is fresh, the steaks are always tasty and tender and the bananas foster crepe for dessert is to-die-for! Nice ambiance and most of the time the waiters are really nice.

Quick tip: grab a seat on the patio and enjoy the free Bellagio show while you dine. Great distraction for little kids!Had a wonderful 25th birthday dinner here in front of the Bellagio fountains. 

The steak with ftittes was amazing, as was the cauliflower puree. 

Highly recommended.Great cold seafood platter and country pate.  The bread (french baguette)  was spectacular and served in a long paper bag, just like a bakery. We could have just eaten that! The people watching there is 2nd to none on the street.  Great service too.Came here for dinner on a saturday night. It was AMAZING. Do make reservations because there are a ton of people waiting for a table. Their food is A+ . Had the escargot, not too garlicy & not to plain, was delicious. Also tried the peppercorn steak with mash, also delicious. Get reservations & try it out. Its worth itI went here with some business colleagues, and had a wonderful time. The food and wine were delicious, and the waiters were very attentive. Would love to come back the next time I'm in Vegas.Worth the wait to get the patio if you aren't in a rush as you get lunch/dinner and a show.  

The food here is also very good and I'm a big fan of their bloody mary bar.  Meat stick?  Check!Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to have a brunch especially when it is nice and sunny. We decided to make reservations to this place. However, heed my advice. Don't make reservations until you know approximately what time you will come here because you may have partied the previous night and it may be difficult for you to wake up in time.

If you want the outdoor patio, there is a waitlist (first come/first serve) regardless of whether you made reservations. This waitlist is located at the front of the restaurant. In addition, when you make a reservation, at least ask them to place you as close to the front of the restaurant where you will get some sun.

Initially, they gave us a nice loaf of warm french bread. It was pretty decent with a side of butter. Then, I ordered the steak with carmelized onions in a red wine reduction. It was quite delicious and tender. We came to this because of the charming ambiance. If you are sitting by the window or outside, you have the pleasure of viewing the fountains at Bellagio.For the price phenomenal food!  Beautiful views of the fountains and also great central location on the strip!  I have yet to have one bad thing here and all three dining occasions were amazing!Great place for an outdoor brunch on the strip.

Although the hostesses aren't french, they certainly have that authentic french snooty attitude. Ignore 'em, insist on sitting on the patio, and rest assured that the wait will be half as long as they say it is. 

The menu might as well be carved in stone, as far as I can tell it hasn't changed much in the last 10 years. No bother, the food is good and reasonably priced. The service is uniformly excellent, and the patio is a lovely place to people watch.I was able to try the salmon dish and also the filet mignon w/ merlot sauce.  they were able to impress me on both dishes.I am in love with this place!
Great service and food.
Friendly and prompt employees.

Ask for Cristina M if you can.
She will make your meal an experience and delight.
Get a patio table while it's still warm enough, you won't be disappointed by the people watching and ambiance.

The French toast and Salmon & bagel platter are mind blowing.
You won't have better anywhere.Amazing food, amazing service, great view of Bellagio fountainsA trip to Vegas would not be complete without a stop to my favorite restaurant on the strip! Be it breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner, you're sure to have an exquisite experience! 

Located directly across from The Bellagio, you have a lovely view of the fountains from the patio. Inside the restaurant, the sexy dim lighting provides an ultra intimate environment!

The cuisine: I love love LOVE their escargot!! An acquired taste, of course, they are cooked to perfection in a heavenly garlic, pesto oil. I can never help but mop up the remaining garlic oil w/left over bread fragments (Sorry Sebastian Maniscalco!) I'm literally salivating as writing this review! The French Onion Soup is to die for! Their steaks are all superb! Fine cuts; so tender and juicy!! And the creme brulee is one of the best I've ever had! 

Ive been here numerous times over the past 5 years and they have consistently blown me away!!This was the first trip I took to Vegas in which I was celebrating a birthday for someone who means a whole lot to me (my boyfriend) and "going HAM" wasn't exactly the entire itinerary... since I know very little about Vegas eateries because all I do is party when I go to Vegas, I did the only thing I know to do in such situations...I Yelp'd... and found this lovely place in Paris. It was perhaps one of our top 5 most romantic dinners we have ever had, the place was so intimate and warm. We even got fancy and sipped on wine haha. Started off with the onion soup...it was rich and flavorful, the cheese melted in your mouth and the full flavor of onion in every bite would scare all the vampires away, or is that garlic? Whatever...I got the filet mignon merlot and boyfriend got the hangar steak. First bite of meat and I died...soooo soft and tender, I felt like there was no need for the knife. It was a beautifully crafted piece of meat. That night, Vegas showed me its sensual side, and presented me with this masterpiece at Mon Ami...Yes...I cheated on my boyfriend right in front of him and had no shame...  I love Yelp...French bistro.  Fun atmosphere, but make sure you sit on patio.  Waiter was one of the best.  Steaks were excellent.  Recommend goat cheese tomato salad.  Only negatives was rude hostess and The creme brûlée was cold on inside.Cant say enough good things about this place.  I have been here twice and the food has been perfect every time.  the first time i had a new york strip which was amazing, but i was drunk when i had it so my taste could of been altered. The second time i was sober and it was confirmed that the food is awesome.  Get the filet mignon with merlot butter!!! It will melt in your mouth and maybe even tear up cause you have never tasted anything so good!  My fiance had the sea scallops which were good as well.  For an app we had the warmed goat cheese in a tomato sauce, nom nom!!!  Didnt expect anything less from a vegas restaurant.  Will definitely be back drunk or not ha.This place should get even more stars for location and strip atmosphere.  One of the only places where I have found that you can sit almost right on the strip and people watch everyone walk by.  The salmon is to die for, just outstanding, I don't know what the sauce is they use but it is sweet and matches the salmon nicely.  I alway like to sit on the patio when I go. and while you pay a location price it is one of the best in the entire city.I went here for lunch today by myself and was seated at a corner of the patio under an umbrella for shade with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio and the fountains. My server was extremely nice and very friendly and helpful.

I ordered the Steak Frites with the Merlot butter and the red wine sauce. This had to be one of the most awesome steaks I've ever had. It was perfectly mid-rare, just how I ordered it, the quality of the beef was excellent and it just melted in my mouth. The red wine sauce was delicious and that merlot butter was mind blowing. 
The hand cut frites were deliciously crisp but not hard, very nicely seasoned and paired well with the steak. They also serve a warm freshly baked baguette on the side with some house churned butter which is really nice and oh so french. 

Overall I really enjoyed the meal. The gorgeous view makes it even better. I would very highly recommend coming here and would love to go back the next time I get a chance.I've been to the one in Chicago several times and it's always fun, good food, and not too expensive! The one in Vegas did not disappoint - I was shocked at how large the restaurant is...when you walk into the bar where the host stand is - looks like a typical Mon Ami Gabi...very quaint...and then you keep walking! It really is amazing.A little bit of Paris, smack dab in the middle of the Strip.  It's a perfect lunch spot with a grand view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, the fountains don't start running until 3 p.m., so I guess if you're here in the summer, come for an early dinner (and avoid the lunch time heat if you're on the patio), if you're here in the winter, just come for lunch, minus the active fountains.  Don't be scared, they have heat lamps everywhere.  

For seating, try to request either the open air patio or the enclosed glass ceiling bistro area (does remind me of bistro floors in Paris, only cleaner and brighter).  The formal seating area inside is dark and gives off that reddish brown light of a stuffy steakhouse.  If the restaurant isn't packed full, then you're safe, because they default to seating people outside or in the bright covered area.  

I started with a Frangria, which I'm sure is not French.  It's red sangria that had good fruity/sweet balance and was inexpensive.  

Heavily recommended by my server was the French Onion Soup (which I normally love), but I didn't order it because I would've been too stuffed.  Next time.  Our server was very attentive.  

I had the Steak Frites/Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce, $25.95) medium rare.  The steak is big flat piece, smothered with peppercorn sauce.  It was tender, juicy, and flavorful.  The steak frites are definitely worth getting, just pick your preferred sauce (butter, caramelized onion with red wine reduction, peppercorn, blue cheese).  

The frites/fries that accompany the steak are thinnish potato shavings that curl a bit after frying.  Have you ever tried Pik-Nik Ketchup Fries from your grocery store?  Their cut reminded me of that, except they have more give on the inside from fresh frying.  Unique, yes.  I can see how some people would love these fries while others might hate them.  

She had the Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad with avocados, blueberries, walnuts and citrus dressing ($17.95).  The salad was a solid choice, the citrus salmon played well with the avocados and blueberries.  

We were here for lunch.  If you come for dinner, you get more choices on the steak cuts.  Added choices include filet mignon, hanger, New York strip and bone-in rib eye.  

This is a very relaxing place to have a meal with one of the grandest views in all of Vegas, I can't wait to come back!Super affordable place inside Paris. They have steaks, salads, wines, desserts and more. I ordered the salad with the bacon and poached egg. Super yummy. My girlfriend ordered their french onion soup and said it was really great as well. My favorite had to be the baked brie appetizer. SO delicious. It had honey, garlic, and chestnuts in it. What a concept. 

We didn't have a reservation so we sat at the bar tables next to the Christmas tree. It was actually super pretty. I didn't mind at all. If you want a table though, better make a reservation in advance, especially on weekends. 

Service was friendly and helpful. There are also vegetarian options as well. Would definitely recommend!We had a beautiful early dinner here on a Saturday night during our Girls' trip to Vegas.  The other ladies had previously been here, and while I have dined at the Eiffel Tower restaurant, I had never been to Mon Ami Gabi.  Who knew you could get such a good view of the Bellagio fountains without actually being at the Bellagio!

Obviously you want to eat on the patio.  We made reservations through OpenTable for 4:45 and requested the patio, but then read that the patio is seated in a first come first serve basis, so you can't actually request it ahead of time.  Well luckily for us, they had a table for six, perfectly shaded by an umbrella and seated us just in time for a fountain show.  This place was packed!  Even so early on a Saturday!  

We ordered a carafe of sangria for the table (lovely) and a St. Germain's cocktail carafe (also lovely, but good in smaller portions, so thank goodness there were six of us).  We also shared a goat cheese appetizer.  Not enough garlic bread comes with the order to sop up all the extra tomato sauce, but luckily their baguettes for the table are just as delicious and will be replenished if you ask.  The most impressive thing was the one of us was on a gluten-free diet, so not only did she get a special gluten-free menu, but they brought her gluten free bread!  Not bad.  The rest of us enjoyed our gluten-packed alternatives and the pickled carrots that came with it were something I'd never think to serve with bread and butter, but strangely worked.  

For the entrees 2 of us got steak, 2 got fish, one got veggies, and one got chicken.  The portions are very plentiful, the sauces well-balanced, and the food was all fresh and warm.  I opted for the filet au poivre.  We were informed the filets were so tender we could cut them with a butter knife...which may explain why we didn't get steak knives.  While I do love fork-tender meat, i also sometimes appreciate a steak knife, even if I "don't need it".  I hit a little gristle at one point that was very hard to work through with just my regular table knife, but at that point it wasn't worth it to ask for the steak knife.  Other than that, the steak tasted wonderful, and it was cooked perfectly rare for my tastes.  My second gripe, though, was with the "fries" that came with it.  I love that they're innovative and these aren't just typical steak fries, but unfortunately they didn't float my boat.  They were very much a cross between fries and chips.  I'm not a fan of potato chips unless they're flavored or I have dip for them.  But when I'm eating a nice filet, I especially am not in the mood for potato chips.  Le sigh.  They weren't committed enough to either the fry or the chip lineage, so I was left disappointed.  Now I imagine for the rest of the dining public, they'd probably love a chip/fry hybrid.  Sadly, even a side of mayo to dip my fries in (it's so good!  and very belgian) didn't help much.  

We were too stuffed for dessert, sadly, but in all the dining experience was lovely, and the food really was delicious (minus my personal vendetta against the "fries").  I would gladly go back, because you get a nice meal for a much more reasonable price than at many of the other fancy Vegas gourmet restaurants with an unbeatable view.We ate here for my wifes birthday.  The hanger steak is pretty good but the steak bernaise was out of this world.  Steaks come with little shreds of potato that taste exactly like lays potato chips.  The service was pretty good and we had a nice view of the water show across the street.  I would eat there again.Been here a couple times and they never disappoint.

Great location on the strip! Outside seating is a must because you get an overlook of the strip. I really like the atmosphere here and the food options are amazing!This IS one of my favorite spots in Vegas! I cannot say one bad thing about this French bistro. I will go back time and time again for their Quiche Lorraine! 

Great location as it overlooks the Bellagio fountains and just a good place for people watching. I love the hustle and bustle of the diners, servers and runners. It makes for a great combination of lively and noisy, if that makes any sense.

I recommend going for brunch or lunch. Their simple yet delicious omelettes and salads are just that...simple and delicious. My motto is: serve food that is tasty and provide service that is memorable and the restaurant will be a success. That is what Mon Ami Gabi has strived to do and I commend them for that.

Some other dishes I recommend:
-Seafood Crepe
-Cream Puffs
-Ham & Cheese Omelette
-Everything!Such a great place for breakfast!  Its a really cool feeling inside, very comfy and beautiful.  We had omelettes (spinach and goat cheese and mushroom and brie yum!) which came with hashbrowns (not potatoes, which was a little disappointing) and amazing bread with jelly on the side.  I also needed to try their homemade english muffin which was outstanding.  They also had a make your own bloody mary bar.  I'm not a fan of vodka at 10 am but it looked like it had a lot of great additions to your typical bloody mary!
The reason I didn't want to give 5 stars is the the service was not so hot.  We had to wait and flag down our rotating waiters quite a few times and one of them was not very knowledgable about the menu.  
Overall would definitely return for breakfast here the next time I'm in Vegas.  You NEED to try the jelly it is out of this world...couldn't stop eating it!It takes a lot for me to rate a restaurant a 5 star and this one I give a 4 but bordering on the 5. Absolutely fantastic. To start their dirty martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives are to die for, best I have had at any place. I have eaten here twice, most recently I had the New York Strip with peppercorn sauce and can I say WOW! Have the French onion soup to start and your meal is complete. Great service, great food! 

So why don't I give this a 5 you ask? Despite having reservation we had to wait a while to be seated, but hey, I was patient.Delicious Steak House - 5 stars

Price fit for its taste - 4 stars

Poor and Pretentious Service - 2 starsI'd say this is the best moderately priced steakhouse in town. I went on a Friday night, got a table outside, with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains.  My cousins were in town visiting and we had a table for four, during prime dining hours.  We sat and chatted for at least an hour after we finished our meal, and never felt rushed to leave.

My cousin and I had the filet mignon with merlot butter and it was delicious. It wasn't on the same level as N9ne, but four of us ate at Mon Ami Gabi for the price two would at N9ne.  My cousin's husband had the filet mignon with the peppercorn something or other sauce and my mom had the crab cakes and macaroni and cheese.  Everything was wonderful, though my mom did say that the crab cake was only mediocre. 

Overall, great food, great service, great ambiance, and beautiful views.  I will definitely be back, and I certainly recommend this place to anyone looking to spend a little bit less than most of the steakhouses on the strip will cost you (our bill for four was under $150).Oh Yes !!! you did it again Mon Ami Gabi..Had lunch here on 12/16/2011  This is a spot on consistent restaurant. We always have lunch here at least once whenever we come to Vegas and it never fails the outstanding experience... Just think about it , the weather is in the 60's you are seating outside with both views of the Eiffel Tower and The Bellagio fountains across while sipping Mimosas or a fine Pinot Noir. Then you have an excellent meal whic consists of escargots, french onion soup, a filet mignon with pomme frittes ..chocolate souffle for dessert....priceless..My new favorite restaurant in Vegas. Service is first-class fine dining without the overlly expensive prices. Our waiter and wait staff was amazing never leaving us for long and always making sure our drink glasses were full.

I went with a group of 8 girls and our bills came to around $340 with tax and gratuity. We started off the evening with 2 carafes of the Frangia (a red wine sangria $20 each), 2 warm brie appetizers, I ordered the Sea Scallops for dinner with braised asparagus which was to die for (and only $22) some of the other courses were steaks, pasta, and salads. To finish off the night we all shared 3 desserts: a warm berry tart, creme brulee, and a ice cream puff trio. 

Be sure to call ahead and make a reservation or you will be waiting a long time.I have always had an excellent meal here - been here many times.  This past visit we had a party of 10 and everyone loved it.  My family is very discriminating when it comes to food - and my Father especially - who loves this place and eats here every time he comes to Vegas.  
The food is authentic French bistro fare - and there is something for everyone.  You know you are going to have a good meal when they bring you piping hot little french breads that melt in your mouth!
I also had my birthday here last year with a bunch of crazy girlfriends and my husband.  We sat outside in 105 degree weather and felt so cool!  The food again was excellent and something for everyone.  
This place is consistent.  Everyone we go with always loves it.this place is packed during dinner and breakfast, call for a reservation in advance if you can. 

if you can catch a seat on the patio, go for it-- the restaurant is right across form the fountains, so it's cool to catch a show while you eat. 

The food is reasonably priced and cooked to perfection. I had the filet mignon for dinner, it was juicy and tender. Steaks come w/ a side of fries, which were so so, there are other side options but they cost extra. 

Service was superb. Our waiter was attentive and very friendly. He made us feel as if we were regulars.. it's rare to get that kind of service anywhere! 

Highly recommended!Mon Ami Gabi in French means: My friend Gabi.

And Gabi has become my friend indeed, a friend with benefits. Gabi enticed me when I was being driven down the strip and saw the hoards of tourists having a fling with him. Even though we hadn't met yet, the flames of jealousy were already being fanned. Gabi, stood at the bottom of the Eiffel tower replica...what a romantic Gabi is! He's a wanted man so if you want to hang with Gabi and avert your gaze at the Bellagio fountains...remember to call in advance to reserve your spot. The wait can be as long at 2 hours on some nights. Gabi will also let you dine inside, but the magic is lost without the blistering heat of Vegas and cooling views of the fountains. 

How does Gabi rank in his culinary skills? For French cuisine, Gabi is absolutely fantastic. His steak is pounded thin cooked to preference, his frites are unique, thin strips strings. They are addicting and keep you wanting more. His scallops are mediocre at best but simple if you just want something light. The accompanying cauliflower puree is a great substitute for mashed potatoes.

Gabi, I count the days until our next encounter. You are the best friend with benefits I've ever had...you have stolen my stomach.Went here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning. Food and drinks were fantastic! Will definitely return on our next trip to Vegas!Hi all, Mon Ami Gabi delivered on all counts last night.  First, you can reserve a table through Open Table.  Then they bring your bread in a bag so you can tear off pieces just like we did in France when I visited.  For starters we gobbled down a duck confit and fingerling potatoes appetizer that was prepared so well, even the 7 3/4 year old loved it.  I was in a rare fish mood and ordered the dover sole special which was a bit underseasoned but cooked perfectly otherwise.  My wife ordered the filet and they allowed her to choose the blue cheese sauce (any sauce on any steak our waitress said).   The steak was perfectly cooked (thank god she ordered medium because it came closer to medium rare, the way I like it.  the potato sticks were the best thing we had, the perfect crispness and saltiness.The waitress was very helpful in providing recommendations and they kept the water full.  The drinks, although pricey, were excellent. Try the Paris Romance.  Also the French Cherie was excellent.  I forgot Hendricks was in it due to the flavor.
The child had fish sticks that were awesome and came in a french bento box with mashed potatos, green beans and more.

For desert, the kids ice cream sundae was good and 1/3 the price of the sundaes across the street at Serendipity.  We had the profitteroles and must have liked them because they were all gone when we left.

I want to give this place 5 stars, I really do but the dining area is small and noisy and the fish special just wasn't perfect.  I am sure I would have given it that extra star if we had a spot on the patio but they were full and the wait would have been 1 hour.  I promise to revisit this the next time we go.This French restaurant in the Paris hotel was delicious!... I went with a group of friends for lunch... I had the quiche Lorraine... It was pretty good, but I regret not getting the steak sandwhich with paper thin fries that my friends got!!! The steak literally melted in my mouth! The fries were super thin, not greasy n they were delicious... Our other friend had a juicy blue cheese burger which was also good! The place was packed...  If u plan on going... make a reservation... Oh n the patio seating is very popular because u can see the water show across the street... Overall we had a great experience with the exception of our racist waitress ANGIE! Yup I'm mentioning her name because she was extremely rude n not once did she serve us water!... She always sent the steward!!! How rude!... she served everyone around us, but when it came time for our table... she would look away! But anyways big shout out to Jose who treated us with respect n earned himself a tip, n he even chit chatted with us!!! Big plus... Other than ANGIE... This place is top notch! N man was the sangria disgusting!!! Ewe! Don't try!A really nice restaurant on the Strip.  We had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains at night from the patio.  The service was great, but the food could have been better. The best was Escargot, but the rest Chicken Pallard & steak were just OK.  Come for the lovely atmosphere....Hey would you like to have dinner on the bottom of the "Eiffel Tower" in Las Vegas, on a patio overlooking the Bellagio fountain?

Who would say no that? No one. Precisely. Which is why the line for this place is out the door. Even Open Table reservations get you indoor seating. But to truly enjoy this venue, you'll have to wait over an hour to snag a patio seat.

However, we chose our bellies over our eyes and sat indoors, which was very pleasant, although a bit too dimly lit.

The service was impeccable, definitely a solid 5-stars there. The menu was eclectic and offered tons of delicious and unique choices. Needless to say, we enjoyed every moment of our meal here.

I had to dock one star reluctantly because the one item we came here for, the steak, barely met our expectations, instead of wow-ing us.

I ordered the Filet Mignon Au Poivre, which was cooked a perfect medium-rare, yet lacked the flavorful taste you expect from a 5-star steakhouse. Same thing can be about the Bordelaise, which my girlfriend ordered.

The apps, wine, and homemade bread, were spectacular. We will come back and give the steak another chance. A gorgeous place like this deserves it.

---

Distinguishing factor: Probably one of the most romantic patio seating you'll find in the glittering hub that is Las Vegas.Always our favorite! Great service, great food, and the best view!  Consistently outstanding. Authentic French cuisine. Our waiter, Max speaks French, even though he's from Romania. He made the evening. Scott the manager has been with the company since 2004. Nothing on the menu not worth trying. Get in early or wait an hour. Rarely a line at 5:00 for dinner.This is hands down one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas. First off if you love French Onion Soup than congrats you just founds the best in the country. I would literally fly to Las Vegas just to get the soup again. The fish is always fresh and delicious and of course the waitstaff is wonderful. If you can sit outside I'd recommend it, because you get a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. One down note is that they only take reservations for inside seating which I find strange considering outside seating is more popular. Otherwise though this place has 5 stars from top to bottomAbsolutely amazing. The service was spectacular. Our waiter was kind, attentive, and very helpful. The food was incredible. 

I came with a large sized group and not one person was disappointed in their meals.
Recommendations:
-French toast (best French toast I have ever had)
-baked cheese d'oeuvre 
- quiche Lorraine 
-mushroom, leek, spinach quiche
- eggs BenedictMy wife and I dined here tonight. We had a great time. The food was great and we were fortunate to sit outside to view the Bellagio fountain. However, we had to wait an additional hour to get outdoor seating even though we had a reservation for 8:45pm on a Wednesday. Reservations are only for indoor seating and outdoor seating is first-come first serve.

Complimentary french bread was served before our meals came out. It tasted freshly baked and it was a plus that it came out hot.

I had the steak bordelaise and my wife had the special for the night. It was braised short ribs with mashed potatoes dressed with olives. She also ordered a carrot based soup as an appetizer. The meals were excellent and the portion sizes were large.  An excellent value for about $25 per dish.  The soup was $8 and it was also a large helping. 

For dessert, we had the profiterole trio ($8) which includes vanilla, chocolate & strawberry ice cream over some kind of pastry topped with hot double chocolate fudge. The ice cream and fudge were delicious especially the vanilla. However, the pastry seemed a bit out of place in both taste and texture. All in all, the ice cream and fudge made up for the pastry. 

I recommend this place for great food at great prices. I also recommend getting a table outside if possible. I'm only giving this place 4 stars out of 5 because of the long wait for outdoor seating even with reservations.Great spot on the strip to enjoy both great food and the Bellagio water show at a reasonable price. You can experience French cuisine or stay safe and order and a well appointed steak. Reservations are very necessary. We arrived on a Tuesday and found many folks disappointed they would be eating elsewhere.I have never had crepe for brunch but if it's anything like I've had at MAG, damn.....

I consider my mom a coffee enthusiast. She said the aroma of the coffee was one of the best she has ever smelled. It was also freshly brewed so no cream and sugar was needed. My mom and I shared the chicken and mushroom crepe and it was more than enough. We actually stayed full the whole entire day! My boyfriend and my sister ordered the same sandwich and they both pretty much kicked their plates clean. 

Can't give it a full 5 stars due to the service lacking. It was hard to get a hold of our waiter and he didn't really check up on our table. 

I would definitely come back!Great food and excellent service.   Love the location.  Be sure to mk a reservation , esp if you want to sit on the patio.  We were seated in the sunroom which was actually better bc we were protected from the hot sun and this was in October!
I've eaten here several times and at the location in DC.   Very good choice for the $Step 1: make a reservation on Open Table.
Step 2: show up, sit back and enjoy.  (If you don't have a reservation, you may have to wait a while.)

Mon Ami Gabi was one of my favorites from my last trip to Vegas.  My mother, sister, boyfriend and I came here for breakfast Monday morning.  There is plenty of indoor seating, but I would really recommend the patio because you get to sit right above the strip and you have a nice view of the Bellagio across the street.  Now, enough intro information, onto the food:

-Coffee ($3.95): average.  free refills, as with any other place.  

-Berry Pancake ($11.95): now, this isn't actually like the usual fluffy pancake, it's a "big skinny pancake" as their menu puts it.  I would just say it's very much like a crepe.  It was light and really tasty with the fresh fruits.  My boyfriend really enjoyed this.  The few bites I snuck were really tasty.

-Chicken, brie and apple crepe ($12.95): Very savory and a little bit sweet; this crepe was everything that I was hoping for.  There was a lot of chicken in the crepe and the sauce on top was very good.

-Ham and cheese omelet ($11.95): my sister always orders an omelet and she seemed to enjoy this quite a bit.  it came with a generous side of breakfast potatoes and some toast too.

-French toast ($11.95): my mom ordered the french toast and it was really excellent.  if you like french toast, you should try this.  the toast itself is great, but the sauce, the blueberry syrup is what makes it.  The fresh blueberries go perfectly and the fluffy whipped cream- it's a divine match indeed.

-Cream puff (free): we were celebrating my birthday.  I didn't t think I'd get a dessert for breakfast; but when it came to the table, I didn't decline.  Very tasty!

The service itself was just okay.  I think it's just because everyone is busy and rushing around.  The service was pretty helpful, but not all that friendly.  It's a good thing they won me over with the food.  Each of us thought that this was one of the tastiest breakfasts we had ever had and at these prices, it's very fair (especially for Vegas).    The portions were plenty to fill us, but not to the point of feeling stuffed.

Notes:
-If you're a guy, make sure you have sleeves.  I saw them give a guy a tee shirt because he was wearing a tank top.Came here for thanksgiving dinner. Gotta say everything was pretty delicious.....except for the turkey.  We got lucky and there was patio seating available which gave us a perfect view of the bellagio fountains.  It's kinda funny to think that a main draw of this restaurant is based off of its view of a competing hotel.  The endive salad was really good, but the smoked salmon was amazing. Kinda wish I had double of that instead of my turkey. I simply cannot dock this restaurant because I thought their white meat of their turkey was exceptionally dry.  Any other day of the year I would never order turkey.  Lastly, I had pumpkin bread pudding. I usually don't love bread pudding, it's more of my gf's thing, but this time it was amazing. So rich and moist. Too bad it's probably a seasonal item.  I'll likely be back, next time to try a steak or something.I have to knock off a star bc of the wait time for the patio.  We have been here numerous times, and I know the patio doesn't take reservations. But a 1 & 1/2 hour wait at 5:30 is a little crazy.
That being said, the food is always amazing! I usually get some sort of steak, and hubby gets either the skate or some sort of braised short ribs.  Never had a bad waiter or bad food here. 
Bottom line, if you want the patio (and the people watching is second to none), expect a wait. It would be better if they could text you when your table was ready, as the sensors only work a short distance in the casino. But the food is worth the waitJust the perfect little restaurant in front of the Bellagio fountain! I came here last week and had dinner right at sunset and stayed there for a good two hours, catching up with some friends. While we were there, a violinist stood in front of the patio sidewalk and played beautiful popular songs (definitely tipped him when we were done eating!) He was a regular street performer but the timing was perfect and the scene was beautiful with the fountains doing their show. I definitely would eat here again. Food was amazing. 

Pros:
-a REALLY good and beautiful view
-the steaks here are on point
-excellent customer service, they always had people refilling our glasses of water 
-must try the lemon creme brulee! it tastes like a warm yummy lemon bar 
-good menu
-affordable prices 

Cons: 
- None because they were fantastic :)We were here with a large group with kids and they did a great job.  Great location, not outside but next best thing with a window view.  The space was spacious and meant for larger groups.   The wait staff did an excellent job and the food was fast.   We started with various appetizers, the pate was very good.   The kids loves the bread and the pasta.  I had the hanger steak in butter sauce and that was prepared excellent.  The fries were a little too salty, but pretty good.  I would definitely go back again for a quick hanger steak and fries.  We were finished within 2 hours and everyone left happy.    Also big plus it is next door to the Sports Bet :)Split one sweet and one savory crepe with a friend and they were really good! Latte was good, and tried a bit of my friends Lox benedict. The crepes are definitely the way to go!I can't afford to come here more than once a year, but it is my favorite special occasion restaurant in Vegas.  Gorgeous view, the food is delicious and they have a very solid gluten-free (and an extensive regular) menu, wine list and dessert options!  Even better, they are VERY flexible and happy to assist you in creating a gluten-free dish of your own if you see something on the regular menu that might be manipulated into a GF meal.  My go-to dinner (even though it's an appetizer, it's very generous) is the chicken liver mousse on gluten-free toast, but you really can't go wrong with almost everything on the menu.  The chocolate mousse is to die for, too!

Also, if you're VERY careful, you can get out of there for less than $30...Me and a group of friends went here for my birthday dinner over the weekend and had a really great experience. They had great cocktails and a large selection of wine. For dinner the guys ordered steaks and said they were the best steaks they've had in a while however, they cook them medium rare whether that's your preference or not. But still delicious. I ordered the large size of Mac n cheese which was full of flavor. Also, our server was absolutely amazing and very tentative to all of our needs. They even brought me out a really tasty birthday dessert. The ambiance of the place was very relaxing and had nice music playing. We all enjoyed our experience and will certainly be returning whenever we're in Vegas.Great food, great service. Ambiance was perfect French pub/bistro setting. Excellent value and probably the best value for very good dining in Vegas.In one word, OUTSTANDING!  Excellent foods, excellent atmosphere, excellent view facing the Bellagio Fountains across The Strip, and excellent service!  Both the boyfriend and I have enjoyed and loved this place a lot!  I would highly recommend the seafood platter; the jumbo prawns were super huge, the lobster was one whole lobster, in addition to the 4 oysters and salmon tartare, everything was just fresh and delicious!  The French Onion soup ($10-ish) and the chicken & Kale crepe ($17-ish) were pretty good too, and inexpensive!  I look forward to coming back here next time I stop by Vegas!The service is excellent. The food, drinks and ambiance superb!!! A bit pricey for breakfast but money well spentWent here for Breakfast not once, but three times over our vacation.  Was always easy to get a great table as they take reservations.  Food is awesome, service was great.  Will definitely go back!We found this restaurant through yelp and were able to make a reservation that same day.  Although the restaurant was very busy when we arrived, we were seated immediately. The atmosphere is amazing, mood lighting, but not so much private (we were in between two tables) One side is a booth, and the other side is chairs so there is a long booth with tables split with a space wide enough to allow you to sit down on the booth.  Although there is some indication that this restaurant is not kid friendly, it completely is.  They have a kids menu and crayons, which was enough to keep our kids entertained.  My son loved the pizza!  We also had a very patient waitress. In addition, I have a gluten allergy and they provide amazing gluten free bread before dinner and are very careful with the allergy. A little pricey, but you get what you pay for! I highly recommend.This was my second time eating here, first time for breakfast.

The food and service were both great!  Try the French Toast for sure.I was very impressed by this place. Crab cake was delicious. The baguette and butter they give you was hot and fresh and the butter tasted like it was home made.  I got the chicken pillard and it was very good. My family said their fillet mignons were perfect. For dessert I had the creme brûlée and it was one of the best I ever had ! Yum!I ate here on a Saturday night in October. After arriving to the restaurant at around 9pm, it was roughly an hour wait to be seated.  Note to self: consider reservations next time. 

The weather was nice that night and we lucked out with a table right along the sidewalk, in front of the Bellagio water show across the street. 

I had the Trout Amandine (toasted almonds, haricot vert, tomato, brown butter) and it was great.  Nicely arranged, good flavor, ample portion.

I almost forgot to mention another favorite part of the meal -the butternut squash soup. Loved it.

The frites/fries? Not so great.  They're thin and crispy, but didn't do much for me.

Service was friendly and quick.I love this spot.

Perfect for people watching as well as watching the Bellagio water show!

The servers are always super friendly and informative. We loved the girl we had last night. 

The escargot is my favorite dish on the menu. I think it is some of the best in town.

My brother got the French onion soup... TO DIE FOR!

My mom got the salmon which was just okay. 

I had the chicken and it was blah. That is the only reason I won't give them five stars. It was super dry and flavorless. I should've got the filet which I've had before and is awesome. 

Another downside is the wait. If you want to sit on the patio it's usually a 30-45 minute wait time.

Other than that, GO! This place is fun, the food is great and very affordable for the strip. 

Also, get the crew brûlée for dessert. DELICIOUSCalled for reservations around 730pm for 830pm reservations and the ladies up front were perfect.  When we got there they were just as lovely.  We had to wait 5 minutes so we ordered some cocktails from the bartender who was a professional. Ordered a well whiskey(Early Times) for myself and some sangria type drink for the wife which was nice ($25 for both).  After sitting at a table that I was not that happy with our first server, in the most sincere way, moved us to a nice spot in the lounge. Billy took over from there in the lounge.  Throughout our meal we were treated to exceptional service.  

We immediately ordered a pate which, we had 2 to choose from.  The house pate with mustard and toast ($13) was the perfect start to the meal. Oh yeah, and dont forget the baguette with butter. I ordered an old fashioned for myself which was nice and a lemon drop for the wife(not sure of quality but she pounded it sooo....)

Then we had the endive, rouqefort salad which had a nice balance of walnuts, cheese and spinach($13).  There was also some carrot salad, pickeled capers and tiny cucumbers(?) that were nice to snack on between courses. Finally we ordered the ribeye with pureed cauliflower and mashed potatoes($40), perfect with a glass of red wine.

Wish I had room for the creme brulee because it looked amazing on the table next to me but it just couldn't have happened this time.

I'm a tough critic and rarely give 5 stars but yes, it is worth the big bill if you want to treat yourselves.  Good luck, I hope you enjoy yourselves as much as we did.If I could give this restaurant more stars I would... if your looking for romantic great dinner that is ur place. me and my wife had an amazing dinner in front of the most amazing view ever. 
We started the meal with a small amusebouche (apple, parsnip,and carrots with amazing vinaigrette) served with freshly backed bread and butter. as an appetizer we had the duck confit, it was perfect. our main was Steak with blue cheese and fillet minion with Frites.....fantastic. the dessert is delicious.
The best overall meal I had on The Strip was at Mon Ami Gabi.I wanted to try a place I have never been to before, and  noticed how many reviews this place got.  So my wife and I gave it a shot.
AND...it definitely deserves CINCO ESTRELAS!!!

1. Food- I have been to some really nice steakhouses in Las Vegas, and I must say that the "Roquefort Steak and Frites" was one of the best  steaks I have ever had. It was PERFECT!
2. Service-  The restaurant was busy, and a lot of people were waiting outside to be seated.  I suggest making reservations! As soon as we arrived and said we had reservations, we were seated.
Our Waiter- Eventhough we didnt understand everything he said, his service made up for that. As soon as I finished my starter salad, our main course was on the table. There was never a moment waiting for food or a refill, my water glass was never empty the whole night.
3.TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!!!  AMAZING!!!The steaks, frites, fish, service and ambiance were wonderful. They let you sample the wines on the buy the glass menu which is a unique treat.  Watching the water works at the Belleville across the street while dining was the icing on the cake. This restaurant is a great Vegas experience. Reservations are a must as out is hard to get a table after 7.I came here for lunch with my boyfriend and had a great experience. We requested to sit on the inside of the patio so we could have a view, and not be scorched by the sun! They were very accommodating It felt like a lovely little bistro, but with the Bellagio sitting right ahead. The waiters were nice and helpful. I ordered an off-menu frisée salad that was served over lightly marinated asparagus, and featured a nice poached egg on top. The dressing was light and fresh, and had delicious bits of orange pulp. It had a great combination of flavors that I thoroughly enjoyed. My boyfriend ordered the scallops with caramelized onions and fennel, which were served on cute metal "sea shells". He licked it up. We finished lunch off with the obligatory coffee and latte - a nice pause in a busy city. We'll likely be back again!okay, it might not be the best french inspired restaurant around but it offers some of the best views of bellagio and has the shorted wait time for a table than any other restaurant inside the Paris hotel. 

the mussels are average
the prime sandwich is average
the crab salad sandwich was fair
but the scallops are AWESOME. 

for you cocktail lovers, they also have a great cocktail menu to sip on while enjoying the fountain show at the bellagio.Came here for New Years Eve brunch.  So glad we made reservations because there was a two hour wait!  I ordered a mimosa and the onion soup and boy was that the richest most delicious onion soup I've ever had!  The boyfriend had sangria and lamb sandwich and it too did not fail.  The prices were great and the view was spectacular.  It was freezing in Vegas but they had many heat lamps on the patio so that you can enjoy your meal shiver free and have a great view of The Bellagio fountains.  Will definitely come back again!Unreal food at a great value.  We went here for breakfast twice and everything, especially the view and food was fantastic.  Would highly recommend it to anyone looking for good food at affordable prices on the strip.  Great place to eat outside too.First time in a long time that I have been pleasantly surprised by a nice restaurant. MAG is, simply put, affordable fine dining.  Per fellow Yelper reviews, my parents and I had two of the filet mignon with merlot butter sauce- one medium and the other medium well. We also ordered the scallops.

The filet mignon was on point. My medium steak was perfectly tender. The med-well with a nice hint of char but not chewy. Deeee-licious. And the scallops? just divine. Melts in your mouth. It's a great place for an intimate dinner, although there's usually a line so get here early for dinner service or be prepared to wait a bit.

My only gripe was service. My family and I are not too big on alcohol-- and so we ordered sodas to drink.  I'm a firm believer in sensing that when a server thinks you have no money, they don't give you good service. My drink was never refilled after 30 min of being empty.  It was absurd. Our waitress checked on the table to my left. Then the table to my right. But never checked on my family and I again after setting down our entrees. Either because we didn't order alcohol, or being Filipino and not white, that we just weren't worth accommodating. I think this was unacceptable considering that the tables beside us are only 1-2 feet apart.  uhm... kinda hard to not notice when you're being ignored.

Aside from that, great food and I'd still recommend it. Our dinner between 3 came out to about $100 which was not bad... but you've been warned.Best French Onion soup I've ever had!!

The bread at the beginning of the meal was delicious!

We sat at the edge of the terrace on the inside of the restaurant, but still had a good view of the strip and people-watching. We stopped by Monday and easily got a reservation for 7:30 Tues night for 2.

Steak was delicious in the herb butter, but the fries were more like potato chips, wasn't as big a fan. The steak was pretty big and I was full though, so I didn't eat a lot of them. Probably my only complaint.

Sangria was good and they had Sam Adams for my husband. Really enjoyed our dinner!View amazing! Food amazing! Good for breakfast after a long night at the club!! Make a reservation for the patio at dinner.One of my favorite Strip spots. Brunch is the best. I love the chicken, apple and brie sandwich! Always busy but still good service. Right across from the Bellagio makes an awesome outdoor dining experience.Delicious parisian food and great atmosphere.  I've eaten here twice now, both on a beautiful evening.  The food is delicious, portions on the smaller side but there are buffets for gorging, and the view of the Bellagio fountains is wonderful.  Sometimes it can get cold if you're not directly under the heater lamps.  Otherwise would totally visit again!I enjoyed my breakfast here! Went here for breakfast w/ my mom and GF, and we were VERY PLEASED with the selection. It is on the expensive side for breakfast....yes I know its Vegas. We ended up spending about $80. 

The location was ideal (at the food of Paris hotel...shocking I know LOL), where we sat was killer....outside....highly recommended for breakfast.

Food - I had the Smoke Lox Eggs Benedict.....Delicious!! My mom and GF had the special which was a spinach and tomato eggs benedict, they were signing its praises all day long. Oh also, fun fact....they make their own English Muffins.....need I say more?! We also split the lemon pancake (probably NOT the real name of the dish), and it was very flavorful. Plus the pancake is a crepe style...which only made it that more delicious. On the menu they had a Nutella and Banana pancake...how I couldn't convince my mom and GF to get that I will never know. The coffee was pretty good as well.

Staff - Nice, friendly, fast. They were busy and checked in on us every once in awhile. It wasn't the type of place where you need a lot of attention. You just sit back enjoy some coffee, people watch, and have a great breakfast. The staff seemed to understand that which was nice. 

Ambiance - It really did feel like a Parisian Cafe. The decor was very nice and even the coffee cups gave me the illusion that I actually was sitting at the base of the Eiffel Tower enjoying breakfast.Absolutely a wow experience.  Fantastic food, everything from appetizers to dessert.  Yes, save room for dessert!   The service was great despite the restaurant being very busy.  The wait for the patio was 1-2 hours so we didn't get to enjoy the fountain show.  Luckily, we had reservations and were seated immediately inside - no wait for the table and watched the fountains after dinner.  Thanks, Qaiser B, for an awesome recommendation!Absolutely delicious! Reasonably priced for a nice restaurant in vegas.  Really enjoyed the salmon and quinoa and just great service. Recommend this place to anyone who is looking for good food and reasonable price.Fun, fun atmosphere with very attentive service.  Nice varied choices on the menu.  Good food.This place was great for breakfast. I had corned beef hash, my father in law had crepes and wife had the 3 eggs with potatoes and sausage, my mother in law had the kale salad. All plates were great. The food of the people around us looked great also. Can't go wrong with any choices here. Service was good and the outdoor seating with the belaggio view was priceless. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and try it again.What could be better for a single - a bar with a view - away from the surging crowds on the strip. Elevated above the sidewalk - directly across from the Bellagio fountain show. You get the scene without the noise. 
High end knowledgable bar service - excellent French styled cuisine. Reasonable prices for the high quality. A relatively sophisticated quiet comfortable reserved eating environment.There was a line for the patio when we arrived. But it didn't take too long waiting for a table on the patio, only about 15 mins. We really enjoyed our meals. We ordered Ham crepes (add an egg), Plain croissant, and Blueberry waffle. Blueberry waffle is a little dry, but still crispy and good. Ham crepes and croissant are excellent, and must add an egg with the ham crepes.Service and food was excellent, we had a very positive experience. After ordering, they brought us a fresh warm baguette and butter, so good! I ordered the special (it was a sandwich with tomato, onion, & Brie; with added bacon inside), I loved it. It came with fries on the side, and they were great! I'm used to the chunky fries that after 30 seconds get soggy, but these were super thin and crispy, wish all places made them like that. It's not like a regular sandwich by the way. Everything inside is seasoned with great flavor and probably cooked separately. I don't really know about the technicalities of it or how it was made, I just know it was great.Best casual french fair on the strip. Good to book via OpenTable as you'll always have to wait. The french onion soup is just ok but the Skate fish is to die for!

Make sure you come hungry as portions are large and you'll want to eat your weight in steak frites.This place is pretty god, and the price is not bad as well. If you come here get seating on the patio if the wait is not too long. It is nice in the fact you are across the way from the Bellagio and you can see the fountain show while you eat. Also if it is a cold night they do keep it nice and warm with all of their heat lamps. 

I had a steak with a blue cheese butter which was very good, and we shared a duck appetizer that was very good, and just fell off the bone without a knife. If your looking for a good meal at a not too bad price try giving this place a shot.If you don't give this place 5 stars, then you don't have tastebuds. The people who score this place low is b/c of the wait. WELL BOO-HOO... I hate waiting too. But this place offers AFFORDABLE DELICIOUS french cuisine in the most adorable little French setting and includes a gorgeous shaded patio facing the strip, so You d@mn-well better expect there's gonna be a wait.

I had breakfast here and it was the best breakfast I had during my entire trip to Vegas. The breakfast buffet (MGM) I went to another day was crap. Why spend $30+ on scrambled eggs when you can spend half that price on QUALITY cuisine - not average food slurry. House-baked English muffins and baquettes, artfully prepared eggs; extremely well prepared.

The atmosphere is just awesome. The patio is shaded with big umbrellas, it's facing the strip so it makes for perfect people-watching, AND it's facing the Bellagio fountains. For us, it was the best patio on the strip. Period.  The inside looks like a French cafe and is super cute, but my boyfriend loves to people watch, and this is one of the best places on the strip to do that.

TIP:  You don't want to wait, be there BEFORE 9:30am. We arrived at 10 on Saturday and waited 30 minutes to get on the patio but it was totally worth it. There was no wait if you were willing to eat inside. 

When I come back to Vegas, this WILL be on the TOP list of places to eat at.This is a MUST! Every trip I make out to vegas, Mon ami Gabi is always a must for dinner or lunch. The environment is great, there is outdoor seating with views of the Bellagio water show and indoor seating is very cozy. My 2 favorite dishes are the Hanger steak- cooked medium rare, and the Scallop dish. For lunch, I enjoy getting the fruit bouquet, which comes with a variety of fruit in season along side a mint syrup, yogurt, and brown sugar. I think everything on the menu is great! Haven't come across anything I haven't liked yet. The food is great and the prices are affordable. Definitely worth trying.Authentic is the word you should use to describe this place. It really reminds me of the bistros I tried in Paris before. 
Just had escargot and baked cheese during our visit to Vegas. Everything tasted really good. Maybe I'll try my first beef tartar here next time.The best Waffles Banana Foster I have tasted to date. They were delicious without syrup and for me to say is a major feat. . Service was great. Very attentive and friendly. A bit pricey but expected on the strip. 

I would come againWe came on a Saturday afternoon for brunch and I ordered 
1. Mussels for appetizer 
2. Ahi tuna burger with fries, 18
3. Seafood Crepe, 15

- To be seated faster, we got a table next to the bar. Patio seating has a longer wait time. 
- Free loafs of bread and butter. 
- Mussels were soft and flavorful! Use the sauce on the bread to savor the taste! 
- Food presentation was great. Matched ambiance of restaurant. 
- Ahi tuna burger was a bit too salty for my liking. The waitress was polite enough to replace my order with the Seafood crepe. 
- French fries was like a fashion chip and French fry. Crispy, flat, and tasty. 
- Seafood crepe was delicious! 2 scallops and 2 shrimps. Very savory. Better choice.
- Great for a nice gathering when you haven't seen a few friends for a while.We had a very lovely afternoon lunch at Mon Ami Gabi. The January weather was perfect, and we sat outside and enjoyed the sun and were entertained by the glorious people watching. My friend indulged in the house white wine, while I explored the cocktail menu. For starters, we both had salad. I had the frisee, kale and warm bacon salad and it was probably the BEST salad I have ever had. The poached egg was cooked perfectly, and the warm bacon was the icing on the cake. Seriously, get this salad!  The bread was also good, warm and fresh from the oven. Our mains were good, we both had crepes, but honestly, my salad stole the show. 

I will definitely come back to Mon Ami Gabi on my next visit to Vegas, and perhaps check out the brunch menu, but will definitely have the frisee salad.My wife and I recently enjoyed this fabulous yet very busy restaurant on the strip.  The food was excellent, the prices fair (especially for a french menu) but what truly made it a 5 star experience was where we were seated:  On the patio overlooking the Las Vegas Strip!  The wine was a perfect fit for our meals and came recommended from our waiter, who was engaging and funny without being overbearing.  The people watching was fantastic and the fountains across the street at Bellagio were another feast for the senses.  What an experience!  I don't know if it would have been as good without the outdoor spot but I will return to Mon Ami Gabi.  Oh, did I mention it was a romantic place for my wife and I?  That too!This was my first stop after an early flight into Las Vegas. The line is apparently long for weekend brunch, but when I went on a weekday, there was no wait for walk-ins. On nice days, the outside patio fills up pretty quickly, though. The food here is decently priced for being on the Las Vegas strip (it's right across from the Bellagio) and everything is very well made and delicious. Their service is also pretty quick, which is always a plus.If you've ever wanted to try escargo, this is a great place to do it! The other food is good too, & it's fun to sit out on the terrace and people watch (since it's on the strip).We'll always have Paris.

One of our favorite places to eat when we're in Vegas...  definitely recommended the strip with fries (filet and fries for the Hubs).

Time your reservation with the Bellagio water show and sit on the patio!

It used to just be "us", but now we bring the entire gang...  I'd say it's pretty kid friendly.Located right on the Strip at Paris Casino, this French-style bistro offers a great street view if sitting outside or in the greenhouse (as where we were seated), or a more intimate bistro feel if seated inside. 

Our server was extremely friendly, helpful, and efficient. Our meal started with a complimentary wrapped baguette for the table. All our choices were perfect: The Chicken Mushroom Crepe, served with a salad, was light - but hearty and delicious . Next time, I would ask them to skip the chicken and add extra mushrooms. The fries were the best I've ever tasted. Had a taste of the Pulled Pork Brisket Banh Mi - and was like nothing I've ever had before. Our accommodating server offered artichokes to replace Canadian bacon in order to make the brunch Eggs Benedict vegetarian for one in our party.

For simple, casual food, Mon Ami Gabi gets my 5 stars.My god, I hate breakfast but my brunch here let me see why Mon Ami Gabi is always packed with people!

Reservations are recommended, but patio seating is first-come, first-served. After all, with views of the Bellagio water show underneath a shaded area (much needed for the 100+ degree summer heat), who wouldn't enjoy a delicious brunch while people watching? Mon Ami Gabi makes you feel like you're sitting in a Paris street-side cafe, enjoying a nice cappucchino and the breakfast dish you most fancy: smoked salmon eggs benedict, omelets, savory crepes, waffles. French toast... 

You can taste the freshness in all their egg plates. Everything is just light and delicious - Brunch the RIGHT way... the way it's supposed to be!

The only downside is the service. Other than the greeters at the door, the waitstaff was horrible. No smiles and requests for items took forever. Our server was the most stone-faced, monotonous woman out of them all so I didn't feel bad reducing her tip. Hey, you earn what you put out, and no one should pay for someone to treat them poorly during a nice meal!What an great dining experience I had here. I got to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains which is really what made the whole experience. Our waiter was French which also added to the experience. He was very kind - but he forgot part of our order and he forgot that we had even ordered it when we asked him about it. We had the escargot and the steak and frites. The frites were done perfectly, and the steak was cooked just as I ordered. It's difficult to get such a thin slice of steak to be cooked medium, but they did it. I had their house Pinot Noir, but I was not impressed with it. The escargot was the perfect amount of softness and chewiness and it was drowned in herbed butter just as it should have been. The loaf of bread that comes complimentary definitely helped me enjoy the butter even more. 

One thing I found odd was that they served a cole slaw with their complimentary bread. I have not seen that done in French restaurants before. It had a very nice flavor - very fresh. It seemed out of place, but we did eat it all.Love this place. Everything is always cooked to perfection. Order the Baked Goat Cheese to start!I mostly appreciated the outdoor dining experience. I am French and that's something that I miss here in the US. The terrace has a very nice view on the Bellagio water show, the service was impeccable. The food was good enough for me although a little pricey for the quality.I was here for the second time tonight and it was a very good evening.  We had the option to do the patio, but chose instead to eat in the open air area under the front roof but not on the outside patio itself because of the bright late afternoon sunshine.

There were four of us.  Two got steaks with different sauces--one bordelaise and mine the roquefort.  The other main courses were the crab cake and the herb grilled chicken breast.  Two shared a side of macaroni and cheese and two shared the garlic spinach.

The steaks for both of us were done perfectly just as we ordered.  The pommes frites were excellent.  The spinach and mac and cheese were both great!  We had an extremely pleasant dinner.  It was a fine evening with my wife and two good friends from the east.

Of course the view of the Bellagio fountains across the street was very good.  This time I didn't notice Mon Ami silence their music so you could hear the fountain music.  Also, the restaurant was quite noisy.  Part of that was street noise.  I deduct a half point for that and although our server was basically good, a half point for forgetting to bring the iced teas until reminded 5 minutes later and for a general attitude that just seemed to rub me the wrong way.

What better way to spend two hours on a summer evening than dining with 2 good friends, enjoying good conversation and have a very good meal!  I really like Mon Ami Gabi!

A bientôt!This is one of our favorite restaurants in town and our go-to place for French cuisine. Great food, excellent service and perfect location... be sure to get seated outside to have a great view of the Bellagio fountains as you enjoy your meal.

We've been here for both brunch and dinner. Everything on the menu is worth a try. Start your day with their Eggs Benedict and French toast with blueberries. For dinner, any one of their various Steak Frites is a must-try. Other standouts are the Escargot and Mussels in white wine broth. Also a good place to have Onion soup au gratin. 

Best place to enjoy French cuisine without breaking the bank.My favorite place to eat at the Vegas Strip. The food is great, relatively inexpensive and super delicious though I am afraid many agree with me on this and that is why there is always a little bit of a wait. 

How is this for a brunch french onion soup, seafood Crepe and then creme brulee?

The best part about this restaurant is that from the patio you can see the Belagio fountains while you enjoy your dinner. 

Mon Ami Gabi is part of Paris Casino, which happens to have a monorail stop.Every time i am in Vegas this restaurant is a must to visit. This time it was Valentine's Day and we didnt have a reservation and were seated in two minutes. Food was excellent as well as service, I must add as always.ask for the patio seating so you can get a look at the bellagio fountains while stuffing yourself (trees are kinda blocking most of the views but it's nice to sit outside and be part of the strip during your dining experience.

They served this amazing bread with pickled olive dish as I sat down which made me instantaneously happy.   Vegas tends to do that: they make you instantaneously happy or sad...and instantaneously broke (rarely rich).   

Fries were unique and I really loved it (pretty addicting).  My ribeye was cooked more like a medium than medium rare and though it wasn't the best ribeye, it was good enough.

not worth mentioning: not-so-great oysters and descent spinach/garlic dish .  Wait...I feel like I forget to mention something.  Oh yea, please treat yourself with their French Onion Soup and the white bread pudding!

Wait can be long.  Make sure to have reservations.Came here for my Mother's Day lunch. We planned on waiting at least an hour+ because I wanted to do the outdoor seating for the view of the Bellagio dancing fountains. We got here at 10a and we were shocked when the hostess told us it would only be a 15-30min wait. ONLY 15 to 30 mins really? Nice! So she gave my hubby a buzzer. We went outside to take some pix and about 10mins in the buzzer went off..WOW!

When we went in, the line for the patio seating was horrendous! We got really lucky to beat the lunch crowd.

So we were seated and Sandra was our server. She was wonderful! It was only 10:15a, we intended on having lunch (again we were assuming we wouldn't be seated until around 11)...so my hubby asked her for the lunch menu and she said that shouldn't be a problem with the kitchen, so a minute later she came back with the lunch menus. 

We ordered the shrimp cocktail (perfect), Escargot (add a dash of salt and it'll be perfectly seasoned) yummm, Mushroom & Chicken Crepe (yumm), Ahi Tuna sandwich with tomato&avocado sandwich (was ok), and the Premium Steak sandwich (wouldn't order again bcuz the meat was a lil tough and the bread was kinda hard).

Server (Sandra), Staff, Manager, and hostess were all friendly and professional. Had a very pleasant Mother's day experience..thanks Mon Ami Gabi

During the meal, the Bellagio water fountains danced to the music, that was really nice. We all agreed that we will definitely be back to try the dinner menu too!I absolutely had the best burger in Vegas! The egg just makes it that much better! I had it over hard style and I added bacon and avocado. The fries were decent and their lemonade for whatever reason was sooooooo good! Lol. As if this comment will make a difference!!! This place is already GREAT!!!!!!Delicious! If you want amazing french food-- go here! Worth the wait to sit outside! Great views of the Bellagio water show!!Went for dinner and breakfast. All very good especially eggs Benedict. But the gluten free one is not good. The person i was with had that one. Said the replacement for the english muffin was strange. Maybe they could try gluten free english muffin instead of whatever that stuff was.
Chocolate mousse was awsome!
Loved sitting on the patio for breakfast, before the heat hit. 
We will return.Great food! Great Service! Great location! Perhaps the best theme restaurant ever? Always consistent from breakfast through dinner, and that says a lot about a place.  The truth is in them pics, Cupcake.We have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi every time we are in Las Vegas.  Love the Hanger Steak and the service is absolutely outstanding.  Sat on the patio watching the beautiful Belagio fountains.  100 degrees, but with the mists and their air conditioning it felt like 75.  Highly recommended for anyone who wants a great dinner in the best location on the strip.We made a reservation on a Monday night about 2 hours before, and got a great table - half inside, half-outside with a great view of the Bellagio fountain. We really lucked out. The steak with bleu cheese was excellent. The place has been there for 11 years and there's a reason. Highly recommend.Oh my gosh! It's not often that I can find a restaurant that passes for an authentic French restaurant, but this place does! Everything from the cuisine and waiter to the ambiance. The demi baguette served with our drinks was hot and fresh, and our entrees were cooked to perfection (I had salmon; my husband had lamb chops w/ratatouille). We were so impressed. We didn't secure the patio view of the Bellagio fountains, but the inside by the windows was lovely. And the waiter spoke French with me! I'm so thrilled we came here.I would've given this 5 stars just for the fact that we ate on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountain. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly with an amazing merlot butter sauce and the most amazing crispy salty steak frites piled high on the side. These tasted like the old school potato sticks in the can, but when they soaked up some of the steak juices and sauce it was unreal. 

The one bad thing about the meal was the petite greens salad consisted almost solely of that frizzy green lettuce that tastes like bitter dirt. Maybe they like that in France, but I could've certainly done without it.Love their bread!  The service was great! Def make a reservation because wait is usually pretty long. I had the ahi tuna salad because I wanted something lighter.  It wasn't the best ever because the ingredients didn't really seem to come together but it was fresh.  For that, I give it 4 stars.Pretty Good and Delicious but expensive.  Displays the type of European style of outdoor eating.  Overlooking the Bellagio and its fountains and the Eiffel Tower.Food, Service, Bloody Mary Bar, The view of the water show is also fun to watch....Sit outside and people watch it is fantastic.  My friend and I both got the Croque Madame...amazing and it was a good amount of food! I really enjoyed my lunch.Gutes Essen mitten im Rummel von Las Vegas zu fairen Preisen. Glück hat wer einen Tisch draußen erwischt und so den Blick auf das Bellagio genießen kann.Mon Ami Gabi is consistently delicious. 

During our stay we had breakfast and dinner there several times, which says a lot. I had a savory crepe for my breakfast and it was just divine. I believe it is a buckwheat crepe, which I love even more.

During a dinner visit on our first evening, I had their filet with merlot sauce. Probably a top 5 favorite dish of mine in the USA. The sauce is just amazing. Decadent, a little buttery, soak it up with bread worthy.  Just as good on our last night as it was on our first night and after the bad experience at Prime, fully convinced me that flash and high $-rated restaurants are not important at all.

The bread, of course, is always beautifully warm. 

Their bananas foster crepe is also delicious (I got a few bites in even though some guests at the table were duking it out for prime spoon positioning).

Great service, great atmosphere, my favorite place in Vegas.We were lucky enough to get a table on the patio. The rest of the restaurant is quite dark, but the sunroom is also really nice if there's no space on the patio.

We were here for brunch/lunch, so I ordered the quiche lorraine. My friends shared the escargot, and had the chicken crepe, croque monsieur, and chicken and brie sandwich.

Everything tasted great, but didn't wow us. Like most French food, everything was quite rich, so it was a pretty heavy lunch. I loved the fries; they were thin and crunchy.

We also shared a pitcher of frangria, which was quite strong (we're not huge red wine drinkers), but with some added lime juice it tasted much better.

Would love to come back to try their steak.Great brunch! We sat outside and had egg dishes. Reasonably priced and yummy food. Worth coming to if you are on the strip and hungry!The best place in Vegas with the most beautiful view of the Bellagio. Food was great, service was excellent. The bread is too die for...all in all one of the best places on The Strip.Came back for second time still suggest the goat cheese and salmon appetizers. We tried sitting in a different spot to avoid the blistering heat. There are about two rows of table that is outside/ inside and it gets the air conditioning while maintaining the outside ambiance. We really enjoyed this place. It actually sets the pace for vacation modeI've eaten here many times. Every time is delicious! The wine list has many great choices. The bread and spread they bring is so yummy. One of the best parts is the prices are very reasonable. And you have the Bellagio fountains for a beautiful backdrop. The servers are always on point. I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi!!Best trout almondine ever..... seriously!! 
Salmon looks awesome. Jerry is a hoot...get to know him at the bar, he's the best. Best view in front of the Bellagio fountains. Good for breakfast too. Quiche Lorraine is the way to go.Wow so decadent.  The service was attentive and polite.  We ordered an olive plate as well as some goat cheese appetizer and by the time our food came, which included a soup, I'm sad to say I was hardly able to eat it!  Very very good, but choose wisely and don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach!

Generous portions and everything is very rich.  Great wine selection, too.Dans l'esprit du véritable dîners américain, cet établissement est une véritable bouffée d'air frais à notre séjour dans un palace du strip ! Les prix cessent leur indécence pour laisser place à une ambiance locale loin des touristes. 

On adore, c'est bon et surtout on n'est pas malades.While celebrating early Christmas in Vegas, we stopped by for breakfast.  Mon Ami Gabi has a nice outdoor patio for brunch and the french breakfast was very good. Our table had the special crepes and some blue berry waffles.  Coffee was great and service was excellent too!Cant beat this place for breakfast. Everything was awesome, the food, the service and the view. Get there early for a good spot streetside. Oh, and try the French toast... Fabulous!I love steak, eat in all the time and this was one of the best I have ever had, great cut of meat, perfectly cooked, juicy but with a nice sear on the outside. Had a shrimp cocktail appetizer which was a nice addition to the meal. The fresh baguette was excellent. The wait staff was excellent. Everything here was 5-star. The prices were not outrageous. We sat outside and had a great view of the Bellagio fountains. I love this place and will definitely plan on going backThis is a great place for brunch -- we ended up coming here 2 days in a row!  The belgian waffles with nutella are to die for, and the smoked salmon quiche is amazing.  They also have a great bloody mary bar and a bellini/mimosa cart.Great service...great food.... great view.... my girlfriend and i really loved this place!!Always a fun place to have lunch to kick off my Vegas trips. Being here and watching the fountains across the street is a great way to spend time in Vegas! Food is good too.Great location, great people-watching, great food!

Went here for an early lunch on our last day in Vegas.  Got a seat on the patio no problem.  We shared the baked goat cheese appetizer...sooooooo yummy!  Hubby got the steak sandwich and really liked it.  I ordered the chicken and brie sandwich and it was amazing.

Will definitely go here again!This is a lovely resturant and certainly exceeded my expectation of food quality and taste. I ordered the gluten free eggs benedict which was very good but it was meatless. It did have fresh good quality avocado instead but I'm accustomed to Canadian or regular bacon. I did end up ordering a side of bacon (fabulous texture  and taste) with no regrets; delicious!
The environment was noisy but it is difficult to find quite meal time anywhere, especially in Las Vegas.
2 incidents of glass items falling and breaking adds to the noise level. Our waiter was good but our coffee was never really coffee hot. 
Thank you Mon AmiMon Ami Gabi is a must-stop for all tourists and locals alike. The ambiance is laid back but also a very upscale vibe.

The waitstaff here are amazing; attentive, conscientious, and willing to help when you have questions or just want to know what their personal recommendations are. 

I personally chose the crepes, as this restaurant is acclaimed for theirs. The ham and cheese was light but at the same time more than enough to fill you up without mowing down the entire thing. The fruit was fresh and in-season which is a nice touch from many restaurants. 

The only downside is the price. As this is a "strip-side restaurant," the prices reflect that fact.My favorite spot to have breakfast in Las Vegas. The coffee and menu is absolutely fantastic. The toast and jam is also a must. Get a spot on the patio, it is worth it.  Was just in Vegas for 3 days and had breakfast here twice. It has become somewhat of a tradition when we are in Vegas. Highly recommend.My favorite restaurant in Vegas, thus far. My friend and I went to brunch here on our first morning in Vegas (of this trip) and got seated at a table right away (whew!) despite how busy they were. We got a nice spot right inside the window seating which has a great view of the Bellagio and strip surrounding. They had an eggs benedict special with tomato and spinach that was sooo good. My friend, who introduced me to Mon Ami Gabi from her last trip, repeatedly goes back for the croissant breakfast sandwich. Service was great, food was great, view was great...what's not to love so far?

My friend gets a little too drunk this night...hey, it's Vegas...and is out of commission for the rest of the following day. I woke-up craving the previous morning's meal and decide to go back on my own. I sat at the bar where Robert was bartending. He was very comical with the wait staff and made the whole experience entertaining, while providing the best service of course! He was very attentive, accommodating & friendly. The meal was excellent as it was the day before, but the service was even better. :) 

My no longer hungover friend came with me to sit at the bar on day three of our trip. Robert was working again, and gave us continual good service. My friend and I tried new entrees at his recommendation that were just as delicious as our favorites. The assistant GM, Clancy, was also extremely professional and offered above and beyond good service. He gave us his special (very tasty!) english muffins for being return customers all trip and even offered me a wisp when I complained of having food in my teeth---how awesome is that!

I highly recommend Mon Ami Gambi for the deeeelicious brunch, above and beyond service, great location, and so much more!! I will definitely go back whenever I return to Vegas.Fresh croissants, bread and pastries. The french toast was good, not overwhelmingly sweet. Make reservations or else you will wait an hour. We liked it so much we went twice during our 4 day girls trip. Patio seating is a must, you get a good view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip. Good people watching. A must if you like good brunch.This is one of the first sit down meals my husband and I had as newly weds. It was perfect. I called an hour or so before planning to have dinner and we were able to get a reservation. When we arrived we were given the choice of indoor or outdoor seating. I was smiling on the inside because I remember always walking by when exploring the strip and wanting to eat there.

This place is a great deal as far as price for food goes in Vegas. It's got a prime view for the Bellagio fountains and is great for people-watching.

Who doesn't love steak, potatoes, and wine? I shared a giant ribeye with frites (too big to eat alone) while the hubby had a flat iron steak with frites. Everything was delicious and you can choose what sauce you want atop your meat. I love wine, but am by no means an expert so we daringly asked for a recommendation. To our(nice) surprise, the waitress recommended a great tasting wine that didn't break the bank. I was sure that she would try to up sell us. 

Perfect meal for a perfect night.We ordered the seafood plater and that thing was delicious!!! Dont be scared by the price since you're in Vegas. Go all out! Environment was nice and servers was very well trained. Everything was good! Great place, highly recommend.Excellent view of the strip (since the patio is right outside the Paris hotel and facing Las Vegas Blvd as well as City Center and the Bellagio fountains). Pricey, but that's what comes with the fantastic ambiance and high quality food.  I ordered the seared scallops dish, which was a generous portion and it tasted excellent.  All their entrees are served in very generous portions. The creme brulee was really good too.  I have a friend who goes there just for the desserts.  Great place to take a date.I really want to give this place 4 1/2 stars, but it seems like its not a Yelp feature.

For me, the appeal of this place was being able to sit out in the patio area across the street from the Bellagio fountains and people watch while eating good food. 
Heat is not a problem (in the warm nights) because they blast you with outdoor air conditioning.

Our waitress was not from France but I think she put on a french accent just for kicks (I didn't hear the other servers doing it) which was actually nice.

The food is worth the price but nothing spectacular. I do reccommend the scallop appetizer. We saw a guy eating it at the bar and we had to order ourselves and it was very tasty.

So why not 5 stars? Just a couple minor technical errors. They overcooked a steak and we had to send it back, and they brought out two Creme Brulee's when we ordered one. Even if they messed up with the steak... I still feel bad sending it back,but thats not something that should happen at $30 a steak.We came for a mid-week breakfast and there was no wait. Blueberry French Toast for something sweet and Eggs Benedict for a savory breakfast. I got my Eggs Benedict with spinach so it's not quite as rich and I can justify it as being healthy! It was not very hot today but still delicious. The French Toast is made from brioche so it's light and fluffy and comes with a blueberry topping and blueberry syrup. The coffee is very good and the servers keep your cup filled. It's a little pricey but typical for eateries on the Strip. Sit outside if you like to people watch.Let's keep this simple...

Steak Frites. Enough said. Well...almost...
Great steak, thin cut crispy fries...$26...ok...is that enough?

Really...I dug it.
Let's keep this simple...

Steak Frites. Enough said. Well...almost...
Great steak, thin cut crispy fries...$26...ok...is that enough?

Really...I dug it.first review! yay!

went here the other day with some friends for lunch. not a french cuisine fan but i just moved to the area so i figured i'd give it a try and boy was i pleasantly surprised!

the steak roquefort and frites is to die for. the natural juices from the steak just make it melt in your mouth! oh and the french bread they give you to start was amazing as well. i didn't give it 5 stars because the service could have been a tad better. there was a 20 minute wait but i counted about 20 tables open. they may have not been seating certain sections but if it's busy people have to eat right?Delicious! ordered two steak frites, one with filet and both with Bearnaise sauce. The star should be the steak which was good but man I loved all the frites! I ordered my filet medium rare and I may just be being picky but it was more on the rare side. I still loved it either way!This is as good as it gets. One of the best meals of my life. We were going to go to the paris buffet, but everyone wasn't hungry enough so opted for Mon Ami Gabi instead on a whim. 
BEST choice ever.
I have never, ever had such flavorful Salmon, such tender roasted pork.

But hands down what gives this place a 5 star rating plus my promise to my gluttony to always drop by everytime i'm in Vegas are two things:
The savory, melt-in-your-mouth, filet mignon just lightly teased with butter and crushed peppercorns that is so soft and tender the cow must have lived on milk and honey and slept on a bed of buttered clouds its whole life.  
The appetizer pan-seared scallops that hide succently in this gorgeous sauce that's soaked with the fragrance of garlic and shallots, draped along the sides with buttery, caramelized onions...the thick, plump, soft white scallops just waiting for me, delicately seared and sitting atop a bed of chunks of crystalized sea salt. 

oh God.If you're looking for a spot for dinner, look no further!  I really loved this place for a couple of reasons.  Came with my girl's family for dinner.  We didn't have any reservations, but were seated right away at a table outside overlooking the fountains.  What a great meal!  The steaks were cooked to perfection, the service was attentive without being overbearing, and the view was unbeatable.  While a little pricey, this place is reasonably priced for what you're getting.  I'll be sure to eat here at least once next time I come to Vegas.This place is great!!! We had a group of 5 on a Saturday and didn't have to wait for a table. Service was impeccable. All of our questioned were answered with grace and we didn't have to wait too long for anything. One small thing that I think rarely gets praised is that our water glasses remained filled without the waiter being too obtrusive. I also really appreciated that our group was decked out in sweaty t-shirts and shorts after walking up and down the strip in the hot Vegas summer, and yet still received service free of snide looks and judgment.

I got the 22oz bone-in ribeye and boy was that thing juicy and flavorful. I like my steaks to have a slight chew followed by a give into mouth watering goodness. The whole time I was watching my friend's reaction as he was eating the same thing and we couldn't stop smiling. These babies are also cooked on a grill the whole way through, instead of a pan and oven, so you get a nice hit of char and smoke as you bite through the crust.

I'm never a big fan of steak fries so the smaller fries were really crunchy and seasoned just right. Top that off with some profiteroles stuffed with vanilla bean ice cream and a dark chocolate sauce and you have a dinner that will be hard to forget.

I'm nitpicking but one small complaint is I ordered a Boulvardier as an aperitif and it was pretty average. Stick with wine and you'll be solid.

Definitely a place I'll return to and recommend for future visits in Vegas.Best meal I had in Vegas. 

 It was a chilly but sunny day when we were there, so was so happy to discover they have heated lamps by the tables outside so we could still sit there and enjoy the view of the Bellagio fountains! 

 As soon as we were seated they brought two loaves of warm, delicious fresh bread. I started with a house salad which had a delicious olive vinaigrette dressing, followed by the steak bordelaise which was one of the best steaks I've ever had for sure. My friend and I also split a carafe of their  frangia which I'd highly recommend (though careful with ordering a carafe, it's strong!).Tasty, and not too expensive French fare located at the Paris.  If you sit outside, you get a great view of the Bellagio fountains.

Wasn't sure which steak I wanted, but general Yelp consensus seems to be the Steak Bordelaise is the way to go and I concur.  The frites are super thin and crispy unlike traditional fries, but I think they complement the steak well.

The warm brie and garic is an excellent appetizer if you aren't worried about your breath.  They also give you a complimentary baguette with butter, but it was way too hard despite being freshly baked.  The carrot spread they give you is weird too.Norma is our server and she does an absolutely incredible job

Tonight we had the Dover sole fillet mignon and the steak Béarnaise. 

The steak Béarnaise was fantastic!  Though the steak itself is a thin cut, it melts in your mouth.  Also, for being a French venue, the portion sizes were very generous.We arrived around 11 am for a leisurely Saturday brunch on a sunny morning.  We were secretly hoping we could sit out on the beautiful open patio to soak up some Vitamin D, but the 45-minute wait almost put the ravenous D and E over the edge.  Thankfully, the patio waiting list is separate from the rest of the restaurant, and we walked right in and were seated immediately.

The front part of the restaurant near the host stand is quite dim, which could be intimate and romantic in the evening but was a bit of a downer for the morning.  Which is why we were thrilled when were seated close to the glass window-ed atrium, adjacent to the patio.  Our server was courteous and kind, bringing us extra brunch menus and then rounding up breakfast menus when we admitted we were hoping to get a late breakfast.  By the time we ordered, he had no qualms about all of us getting breakfast at 11:30, even though the kitchen technically stopped serving breakfast at 11.

Our table enjoyed beef hash (with poached eggs!), quiche lorraine, smoked salmon eggs benedict and a mushroom omelette.  The hash brown potatoes served with the egg dishes were crispy, light and simply one of the best we've had.  I was surprised by the light custard texture of my quiche lorraine and enjoyed the chewy chunks of bacon.  However, 3/4 of the way through, I found the rich flavors a bit overwhelming.  The fresh and lightly dressed frisee was an excellent side to my quiche.  Maybe the quiche was just too big of a portion for me?

D and E would not stop talking about their beef hash.  They were clearly in love with their dishes.  The coffee was tasty, and the warm crusty baguette they served us while we waited for our dishes was such a relief for our growling bellies.  They amply refilled our bread supply and included a great jam to spread on top.  I tucked the rest of the baguette in my purse as a snack, since they bring the baguette to your table in a paper sleeve, as if it came straight from the farmers market! 

Though the interior is quite upscale and nice, there were a good number of families with kids and casual diners to keep the atmosphere from feeling too stuffy. :PWe had dinner here as we watched the Fountains of the Bellagio show.
I had the french onion soup which was fabulous, and we also ordered artesan cheese hors d'oeuvres. We have not gotten around to having a full meal there yet. We will soon visit the Chicago location to try their steaks.
The ambience was warm and comfortable and the waitress was friendly and talkative (which I love). She actually told us about the Chicago location , which i did not know about and that they are part of the Lettuce Entertain You chain that I love many of their restaurants.
This particular location is perfect for travelers who want to eat a great meal and watch the Bellagio show.The Bf and I dined here on July 13 and had invited my girls' to come along.  They got stuck in traffic on the way to the restaurant and couldn't make our reservation time.  Our first experience here was amazing.  As our second experience in this visit,  it was EXCELLENT!  We dined inside and this place is good as it gets.  

We ordered the same thing from our last visit and I ordered the right item this time =)  The consistency of the food is just melt in your mouth that you felt giddy and in love with the food.  The french bread is as tasty and fresh that you shouldn't eat too much or you won't have space in your tummy.  The steaks and frites is how we remembered and still addicting as ever.  This is now one of our go to places for dinner because it has made my picky simple palate bf happy.  Plus it's not too expensive either.  Make reservations before coming in so that you don't have to wait too long.  They're available on open table.Considering this is Vegas and almost every nicer sit-down restaurant is outrageous, Mon Ami Gabi is actually good and reasonable by Vegas standards.

I went there with a group of 15 people for business dinner. It was a set menu with choices. First was a mixed green salad, next I had crab cake, next was filet mignon with the reduction and then the creme brulee.

I was worried about the steak with the reviews on here, but it was excellent and cooked perfectly medium rare. Crab cake was good too. Simple mixed green salads are hard to ruin. Creme brulee size was generous but a bit cool. I prefer my cb to be slightly warm from the recent sugar glazing but flavor was fine. Service was very good. First dish took a long time and our party head discreetly asked them to speed it up a bit and the pace picked up.

I would eat there again and this is versus getting dragged to Rain Forest Cafe tonight. Talk about overpriced and underwhelming! It wasn't my choice.

Verdict: Vive la Strip restaurant that actually is reasonable and serves good food for less than $100/person.Been to this restaurant many many times. It never disappoints. Food is great,service is great and all at very reasonable prices for food and wine. There are hundreds of overpriced restaurants in Montreal serving mediocre food at outrageous prices who could learn from them.The one across from Bellagio in Las Vegas is the perfect place to have a glass of wine, French Onion soup, crusty bread and watch the fountains. 2:45pm is the best time to accomplish this.I've been to Mon Ami Gabi three more times since my initial review and this has definitely become my go-to restaurant when I'm in Vegas and I want a guaranteed good meal for a moderate price. If you can, I highly recommend dining on the patio - you can't request it when you make a reservation, but when you check in, they will ask. 

My favorite dish is the sea scallop dinner - I've had it twice and it has not disappointed. The scallops are always cooked perfectly and you get six. The scallop appetizer was fine, but the entree is by far the better choice. The baked cheese appetizer which I had this past weekend when I dined at Mon Ami Gabi with two friends was a big winner with our group, but how can you go wrong with goat cheese and tomato sauce? I am not a big dessert person, but the chocolate mousse is amazing.

Service is always very friendly and attentive. When my friend's steak on Saturday night wasn't cooked exactly how she wanted, our server got it taken care of right away. Before tip, I always seem to spend around $40 which includes wine (either a glass or a portion of a bottle), my meal, and maybe a portion of dessert. I never leave disappointed and will go back to Mon Ami Gabi on another trip.This review is a, "Can I get an AMEN and a THANK YOU BABY JESUS!"  type of review. 

First off, I was in Vegas for the weekend with a family of NINE! Nine people who all love each other, have fun and wanted to eat nearly every meal together. With that, Vegas can be a challenge! 

We spotted Mon Ami from the cab, did a quick yelp search - saw great reviews from James S, Alan K, and Randy B and knew they wouldn't lead me astray! After that I said a small prayer and called for reservations. Nine at 8:30, yes ma'am. The cabs on the strip parted and Celine Dion herself started singing!!

Alas, my group tried every way possible to throw off Mon Ami, we called to tell them we were late, we all arrived separately, we had a baby in the group, 4 of us had to be out in time for a 10 pm showing of Jubilee...we laid it on!! Mon Ami responded with grace and a smile. 

Everyone had great food, heard wonderful things about the french onion soup, the trout, the salmon, the mussels and the salads. I personally had the roasted chicken with green beans and it was a plate of perfection. The beans had a nice snap, my chicken was moist (Lord I hate that word) and the skin was flavorful and crispy! 

I love this place and will be back! And yes, we made it just in time to catch the awesomeness that is Jubilee! Thank you Mon Ami Gabi!This place was a Gluten Free Persons Dream! We opted for the more pricier dishes since we were celebrating, but honestly, the view, food and ambiance was excellent. Our server on the other hand was VERY slow and uninterested in our appetite or excitement for the resturaunt. Also the bussers and others servers were disappointing. When I walked by to use the restroom they were extremelly rude and made crude advances towards me. Nothing flattering at all. I am happy my husband was not there, and just simply dismissed it, since we were having such a great time. So, my 5 stars is for the food and amazing gluten free menu!First off, food was great.  I ordered the Steak Bordelaise and it was solidly cooked and seasoned.  Had a little bit of everyone else's food and that was good too.  I only had one gripe about this place.  I don't know if it was me or because I had one too many glasses of scotch but is it too dark in there?!?we have eaten here a few times. Dinner, Lunch, and Brunch. Eating here is all about the view. You can reserve a table across from Bellagio's Water fountains and it is heaven. The food is good too.Ate breakfast here three days in a row, THAT'S how good it was! Live music oh the street right off the potato where we sat was lovely. Delicious fruit, bread, and waffles. Fast service, polite, wonderful little spot.Great location on the strip. Sat outside and caught a Bellagio fountain show from the table. Great people watching spot. Everyone got the filet and it was one of the best I've ever had. Our server Stephanie was fantastic. We'll definitely go back next time we visit Vegas. We saw Jersey Boys which plays in the same hotel (Paris) so it was a good plan to eat here and not worry about getting a cab to the show.Best breakfast in Vegas!  Their eggs taste so good I can't explain how they are different but amazing. Husband loves the corned beef hash with poached egg. I also love the fact that I can get some non breakfast food at 8:00 am.Our 2nd time here. First time was for brunch and this time we came for dinner. Both times food and service were excellent..the serving for brunch were a whole lot smaller than the dinners. My husband and I both ordered the steak and frites and shared a salad with grilled salmon...all delicious! Only issue we had was that we hated the fact that we couldn't bring our leftovers back to our hotel since our room didn't have a microwave or refrigerator..and between the two of us, we threw away a full meal enough to feed 1 to 2 people! Enjoyed the baguettes. Will be back again.This is a great spot to grab lunch with friends and enjoy some good food. There is nothing mind blowing about this place, however they have better than average steaks and seafoods along with with their sandwiches. It's casual-upscale dining if that makes sense.

Recommendation: get their seafood platter as an appetizer. It worth the price.Perfect location, having dinner next to the eiffel's and watching the Bellagios Fountain performance was such a nice experience. Same level the quality of the food has. Nice and gentle stuff... I can't say nothing but good thing about.An amazing breakfast place! I loved every part. The coffee was delicious. Server was attentive and friendly. We waited extra time to be seated on the patio deck outside and it was more than worth it with an amazing view of the strip in perfect weather. I ordered the corned beef hash with poached eggs on a whim and they turned out to be delicious. The French bread on the side was so tasty with butter and peach jam, and the hash browns were crispy, but a little greasy. I mean, I guess that's expected. The eggs were cooked well, and the beef was tender and well seasoned. It was my favorite breakfast place in Vegas so far!Very very nice. We ordered the wild escargot, French onion soup, and rib eye steak. All in top quality and taste great. But I give them a five star review for the excellent service we received. Our medium rare steak came too well done. The server took it back w/o any hesitation.   The second time the steak came too rare. And the server took it back with the same pleasant manner. We finally got what we ordered and were very happy with the dinner. At the end, the server even sent us a complementary dessert to top it all. Very wonderful night indeed. I wish all restaurants are like this one.Prompt and polite service, outstanding Bananas Foster Waffles, and reasonable prices. Definitely a favorite go-to for breakfast on the Strip!My favorite breakfast in Vegas! Start with the fruit bouquet -- fresh fruit with yogurt and mint dipping sauces. Light and refreshing start to the meal! 

My husband had the mushroom omelette and we both agreed it was the best omelette we had ever had! To die for!!! I had the chicken, apple & Brie crepes and they were great! Our friends had delicious bananas foster waffles and fresh fruit waffles and raved about them.

The mimosas were pretty expensive, and racked up our bill quickly, but the bartender pours them right, with just a splash of o.j.

Ask to sit in the open-air section where you have a great view and feel like you're outside, but you still have air conditioning. :-)I would'nt have known about this restaurant unless my coworker didn't comment how straightforward and great this place on the strip is. The servers here are really attentive and caring. We were seated immediately even without a reservation at 6:30 pm. It's good to make a reservation in advance only because this place can have a long wait time on certain days. 

My coworkers and I ordered the country patte, seafood appetizers, the au poivre (which is steak served with thinly cut potato crisps and with a brandy peppercorn sauce, cauliflower puree, scallops, and salmon. The salmon was cooked medium and wasn't dry, it was really fresh and maintained its structure. The steak was cooked rare and was accompanied with Foie gras for 8 dollars and honestly it was so good. This was my first time having foie gras with steak and it added that heavenly touch of fatty goodness and I wish I had more. The scallops were cooked perfectly and had great texture. This restaurant just does food really straightforward and you can't go wrong with anything here. I tried ordering the skate wing but sadly they were out of it :( 
will have to try it the next time i'm here. 

The prices here are fair and is definitely worth paying for for the quality of food they are serving out. Will def be coming back if I ever go to Vegas again for another business trip or vacay.Food was great! Service Was better. It was our last night of honeymoon and they surprised us with a double dessert. we loved it!Food was excellent! My sister had the filet mignon and LOVED it. I had the steak classique and it brought me great joy! Definitely recommended. Bring a sweater bc it's a little chilly, but well worth it.Ate here with a group, and it was good, but not to the five-star level.  I started sharing the escargot, which was a first for me.  They tasted like mushrooms, which I guess is was most people say.  Chalk one up for the adventure but I'm not sure if I'd get them again.  Next, I had the oysters, which were good except for the horseradish, which was too chunky.  The caesar salad had a little too much dressing but it was still a little bland.  For dinner, I had the filet with merlot butter, which apparently was the same filet I had last time that I didn't especially like (but it still obviously looks good on the menu because I still got it).  It was cooked well, and the merlot butter gives it a different taste... not necessarily bad, but not what I was expecting (which is why I didn't like it the first time).  I didn't eat any of my fries and I would have much rather had something else.  For dessert, I tried the bananas foster crepe, which was delicious!  

Overall, an alternative to a fancy steakhouse, but beware of the unique steaks.   The fries were excessive (yes, I know, that's why people like this place), but the desserts were good.The location and view alone deserves 5 stars! But thankfully the food was great too! Everyone raves about breakfast so we had to make it our first stop of the day. We opted for the cappuccinos and the froth was perfect, some places don't get it right! We did the eggs Benedict and the chicken apple crepe. Both filled with flavor and large portions. We decided to do the Nutella waffle as a dessert option, it was so tasty we forgot to take a photo! Crispy on the outside and moist on the inside and Nutella makes everything taste fantastic. We were able to score a $20 off coupon so it made the experience even better! Would come again!Finally! A place in LV that lives up to the hype.

We sat inside the pavilion but not outside - but it was perfect.  No sun in the eyes but all the sunlight could still be enjoyed.

Great service by #46 :)  Don't remember his name but he had a tag that indicated his #....despite that he was very personable, from Cali and was accurate on his reco's (french onion soup and creme brulee).

So the plan was to go to a buffet for dinner....so lunch at MAG was 'light'.  I had french onion soup which was divine.  Dad had the Caesar salad which was solid.

Then I had the creme brulee.  Excellent!  Mom and Dad split the profiteroles - huge portion of ice cream, fudge and pastry.

Would love to go back and check out more of the menu - but for service and french favs - they did really really well!HIGHLY recommended!

Atmosphere- Gorgeous inside yet crowded and noisy.  I recommend al fresco dining over looking the Bellagio fountains.  

Dinner- Escargot was serviced ready to eat.  No messing around with shells.  Seasoned to perfection and nice and hot. 
 Known for their steaks my husband and I both had delicious cuts.  Mine had a wonderful peppercorn sauce and was pounded thin. Just the way I like it!  

Service- Very pleasant and attentive. Professional.  

Price-Very reasonableAre you looking for a friggin religious experience?  This is the place to get it. I went there with a friend who promised me this would be fabulous. i will admit, I was skeptical.  French food??? It's not for everyone.  This place will change your mind in an instant. We got there early on a Saturday, like 11 am, since the line is long and distinguished. We requested the patio since my friend knew from experience that this was the place to be.  Let me point out that the patio sits right on the strip, in front of the Eiffel tower at Paris, LV and DIRECTLY across from the Bellagio.  We ordered expensive wine, delicious creamy foods and watched the Belaggio water show under a perfect blue sky.  It was truly one of the most amazing experiences ever and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a fabulous day in Vegas.  You can't miss with Mon Ami Gabi.The food is your typical fare, although a bit above-average than you would find in other "Casino" restaurants.  You will also pay "Casino" prices for your food and drinks.  However, to off-set any misgivings, get a table at the outdoor patio for great people watching and The Bellagio water fountain show along The Strip.  Bon Apétit.We visited this restaurant for brunch while we were on vacation in Vegas. I had read all the great reviews and let me say...it definitely lives up to those reviews! Our service was awesome....we got water right when we sat down and everything came out quickly. Every worker was very friendly. We had a reservation for 9 AM and were a little late, but were still seated right away despite how busy they were. The food was absolutely delicious and the prices weren't bad. I highly recommend this restaurant for brunch!Love love love. Cute and classy interior, amazing bread in the beginning, the escargot (which I told myself years ago I would never ever eat) was to die for, and just everything was delish. The price is fair and the service great!A group of 4 of us was able to get a seat on the patio on a Saturday night for dinner in time to watch the fountain show and it was great! I only wish they could control the music playing outside their restaurant so we could hear the songs the waters were dancing to. The wild escargot is an exotic appetizer to try especially if you dip your bread into the sauce. So good you want to keep ordering more bread. 

The daily special was bison and the flavors or seasoning was delicious. Bison is usually very lean and tough but this one was tender to eat. Instead of fries it came with green beans which I appreciated since I had been lacking some greens on my vegas trip. 

Friends ordered the 22 oz bone ribeye and filet mignon with sides like garlic spinach, pommes pure (mash potatoes), and macaroni gratin (mac & cheese). We also paired it with a red wine that was a nice addition to our overall meal and dining experience.  

Service was great and we're glad the weather wasn't terrible to enjoy dining outside.Great view of the strip for people watching and by all accounts the best restaurant inside Paris. High quality food and great flavor. Service was impeccable even while busy.  Not overpriced either.  No need to take a gamble with this one. Mon Ami Gabi is my new friend!I am a big fan of Mon Ami Gabi. I used to go the Chicago location quite often and miss it a lot. This was my first time trying the Vegas one and I LOVED it! Our server was actually French (Canadian) and had a lovely accent, which contributed to the positive experience. Although, I am disappointed that they couldn't do a Picon Beer. This is a beer & liquor combination that you find all over France. Anyway, I can't say enough good things about this place. Hands down, best patio in Vegas for dining. You get an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains, which seem to go off every 15 min or so. The lights of the Paris Hotel & Casino are also a sight to be seen whether you are looking at their balloon sign or at the Eiffel Tower. 

The menu is moderately priced for anywhere, let alone, the Vegas Strip. I had the steak frites with Bearnaise sauce. So yummy! Yes, it's a thin piece of steak, but it's a large piece of steak and was perfectly cooked. I also tried the pate' as a starter. It was tasty, but not the best I've had. I love the fresh warm baguettes they bring to your table along with the complimentary carrot salad. The meal was such a wonderful experience, but the drinks were inconsistent. I had a side car that was almost all orange liquor and very sweet, but one of my friends ordered a couple of the same drink and they were both stronger and not as sweet. Not sure what was going on with that. 

The vibe is casual, but you can also dress up if you like. The patio is warm enough even on colder nights because of the heat lamps. The only thing that took me out of it, was the guys flicking those porn cards on the sidewalk in front of us. There were all kinds of shady characters hovering around, so ladies definitely don't leave your purses close to the railing. 

The decor was very French bistro and looked so similar to the Chicago location. It's just a lot bigger and not in a historic building. They even have the wine carts! I give this place four stars for the food and service. I didn't give them a perfect five because of the drink issues. Every nice restaurant should know how to make a classic drink like a side car, especially if I'm paying $12 or more for it. 

I will definitely return. The prices match my budget and I love the menu. Can't beat the view either! Gabi, you are definitely Mon Ami!This is my favorite restaurant on the Strip. Sure it looks gimmicky because it's right in the middle and has a gorgeous patio view that overlooks the Bellagio fountain, but location aside, the food and service here are fantastic. 

I've been here for dinner and lunch. The dinner I don't remember much of due to the great bottle of wine my friend and I shared, but I do remember we were sitting on the outside patio and it does feel a little bit crammed in there. The meal made up for it- I know I had some kinda steak with bearnaise sauce that was to-die-for. During my most recent Vegas trip I had lunch: a croque madame (fried egg on top of an open faced hot ham and gruyere cheese sandwich) and French onion soup. The croque madame was perfect and in a much larger portion than I expected. It comes with a side of pomme frites. The French onion soup was nothing special but I'm a sucker for anything with gruyere cheese so I still enjoyed it even though the soup inside was a bit cold. They also include a fresh baguette with your meal. So all of that plus a glass of their sangria called "Frangria" and I was set for the rest of the day. Je t'aime Mon Ami Gabi!It's a great people watching and mimosa kind of morning. As a local, I've always wanted to try this so   I took a bunch of my girlfriends out for brunch. The ambience is good (aside from the loud rumbles from those racing cars passing by), location is beautiful across from Bellagio's water show. We went at 8:30 in the morning to get a patio seat. Wait can be long so do a reservation, then they will pass you to the patio line to see if they have a table available. (That sucks to wait but reservations can only be made for inside). We did luck out and get a patio seating for 8! Good is as expected nothing was a huge OMG got to come back for the food. I had Nutella waffles and shared the mushroom omelet. The $65 champagne bottle with different flavors definitely I would come back for- try the pear and ginger mimosa! Afterwards we went up to Eiffel Tower- it was my bday so I got in free, military is free and locals are buy one get one with a NV ID. So  that was super nice to end the day with. Bellagio water show starts at high noon so make sure to plan your time up there for the view.Great burger and REALLY good fries,,, they're flat strips, kind of a mix between chips and fries...nice outdoor seating area along the strip and our server was wonderful!I arrived early (5 pm) in the hopes of beating the rush, and it worked. I waited about 15 minutes for an outside table (even at 5 pm!). When I left, a crowd had formed.

The waitress was very nice. I was overlooking the Bellagio fountains, which was nice; otherwise, I people- and traffic-watched, which was kind of fun.

I ordered pate, steak au poivre, and chocolate mousse. To drink, I had a house merlot and a cup of coffee.

I think they brought me the wrong pate, as there are two--a country pate and a chicken liver mousse pate. The former comes with pickles, and the latter is a liver-and-wine pate. What I ate was good, so no complaints, but be aware that there are two pate appetizers, so mix-ups are possible. 

The steak was good--I'd asked for rare, but in hindsight, they really couldn't cook a steak that thin rare, so that was more on me than them that it was closer to medium. I don't fault them for that. The fries were an interesting almost hybrid of a fry and a chip (or if you're English, a chip and a crisp!). The mousse came with little chocolate crispy things on top and was quite nice. I'm not a wine drinker, so I won't even attempt to judge the wine. The coffee was fine.I was excited about eating at a French restaurant for breakfast and had high expectations. I wasn't disappointed. The food and service were great. The service was a little slow, but it was a full house both inside and out. We did make a reservation on Open Table and that was smart even though it was a 10:15 breakfast. Well worth the visit!This place was awesome. We went to a fancy pants steak house the night before and the meal was triple the price and this place was 100 times better. It is reasonably priced and if you can get a seat outside you get to see the water show across the street. I will always go here when in Vegas.Awesome and yummy! A little crowded and noisy. Wished we could've sat on the patio, but there are no resv for that....got lucky with that the first time we went. Would def go back.This is the closest thing I can get to being in Paris....I'll take it. 

After setting my eyes on the slow-braised pork shank, I was told they were out.  So I settled for the seared ahi tuna salad. The salad was somewhat on the petite side, but it filled me up since we had bread and brie for appetizers.  The warm brie with roasted garlic and bread was a great starter, as the brie came out nice and hot, but not completely melted. Oooo...and I loved the hot apple and pear crumble dessert, which complimented the cold vanilla ice cream.  It was enough to share for two. 

The atmosphere was great, very intimate. Though our waiter was attentive, he wasn't the most enthusiastic. Nonetheless, I enjoyed my experience at "Paris".OMG what an incredible dinner the steaks were amazing an the chefs apple n celery  amuse n carrot amuse were a great start to the dinner thank you.  Dia our waitress was the bomb!!!one of the BEST MEALS i've had was here! mussels.. steak frites... chocolate pudding... TO DIE FOR!One of the best steaks I've had yet. I ordered the peppercorn steak, medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. Be cautious, they serve premium water. We were charged $50 for a round of water for a party of 10.This place is great. The food is good and the service is pretty outstanding. Definitely try the escargots!Excellent breakfast.  Make sure you make reservations. The earlier the better.  Just walked out at 1030 and the line was down the hall. Food is totally worth the wait.Very reasonably priced and the food is delicious. The goat cheese appetizer is amazing. Steaks! Amazing! I would say the only thing that my least favorite on the menu is the escargot. I felt it was a little bland with a ton of butter. But you cant go wrong with the rest.Service was excellent!  Food was wonderful. Watching the beautiful water show at the Bellagio across the street while eating dinner was priceless!  Great experience!Probably one of the best places I ever had brunch in! The smoked salmon eggs Benedict was absolutely delicious. The baguette with butter was one of the best I've had. Highly highly recommend!Fantastic!  Don't miss eating here..we had 2 breakfasts and lunch and should have gone there for dinner as well...fabulous food..fabulous service and great atmosphere...there is always a line for street seating but they have a room with all glass so you are enjoying the outdoors just as well and no lines...indoor seating is just as nice..loved it!!!!Okay, so it's definitely not the cheapest place to eat but MAN is their food worth every penny! Their ham & cheese crepes are super good. So is their quiche and also the lobster roll. The bread for the lobster roll was perfect, warm & not hard.

They also have a great bloody Mary bar that is reasonably priced but if you don't feel like getting up order 1 off the menu and you will still not be let down. Sooo tasty!

The #1 reason to head to Mon Ami Gabi besides the amazing food would be the patio seating. First come first serve which is nice b/c it gives you a fighting chance if you're heading there as a last minute decision. But it's the view that makes it THE SPOT! Directly across from the Bellagio fountains and right smack dab on the strip, it's amazing people watching. We always bring any company that cone in town here for lunch, the sangria and tons of great people watching; better than T.V.!Looking at other reviews of this restaurant, I can find nothing to disagree with. Mon Ami Gabi is a great dining experience. It is in a great location right off the sidewalk which makes for great people watching. Plus having the added benefit of seeing the fountain show at the Bellagio right across the street without having to leave your seat - perfect. The food and service is top notch as well. We started with Washington state Penn Cove oysters which were briny and delicious. Main course: I selected a perfectly cooked New York strip with shallots and burgundy sauce; the galpal ordered the Steak Classique with maítre d'hôtel butter - a butter sauce thick with garlic, parsley and shallots. Out of this world! The faux Parisian décor is not too overwhelming or distracting - they manage to pull it off. An added bonus is this was one of the more reasonably priced meals of our trip. Since my wallet was hemorrhaging in the casino, this was a nice surprise.I loved having brunch here. I made reservations through open table and was seated quickly. The service was excellent and the food delicious. I tried the fruit bowel in a cantaloupe cup. It was actually on the breakfast menu & even though we arrived for brunch they had no problems letting us order it. If you go for a celebration they will also give you a cream puff with ice cream. This was the highlight of the meal. I highly recommend everything here.Great place! Great view of the water show at Bellagio.

Great food! We had the mahi mahi and sole specials...outstanding!

Amazing Frangias! Grand Marnier with fresh fruit juice!

Definitely will go again.Had the smoked salmon Benedict and it was good but nothing out of this world. Very good view though and super friendly service and fast! Only waited about 30 mins without reservationGreat atmosphere. Great view. Great drinks. GREAT FOOD.There is nothing that disappoints me more than paying $$$ for a mediocre meal. Mon Ami Gabi always lives up to my Vegas expectations. This place was such a treat. I enjoyed some fresh oysters, shrimp cocktails, house baked bread and a main course while sipping on "Frangria" (a french sangria) and enjoying the Bellagio water view. You can enjoy a dinner with friends or a romantic dinner with your significant other!I noticed this restaurant when we visited some friends staying at the Paris Hotel and thought it looked really nice from the outside.  They had great reviews and so we came for breakfast the next morning.  I ordered the eggs benedict, and my husband ordered a ham and cheese omelette.  The eggs benedict were very good.  The sauce was delicious and just the right consistency.  The hash browns were perfectly cooked...crispy on the outside...just way I like them.  I had 2-3 cups too many of their coffee, but it was also really good.  It was a little chilly outside, so we sat indoors, but in a windowed open part of the restaurant.  It was a sunny day and it felt like we were dining in a greenhouse.  It was a perfect morning in Vegas and the company and conversation were great.  We ate at many places in Vegas during this trip, but this was probably the most memorable.LOVE this place!  We've eaten here a few times- breakfast, lunch and dinner. 

Our most recent experience was for lunch. FANTASTIC seating outside on the strip, beautiful view and weather.  A great place to take a break from gambling. 

Our waiter was charming and attentive, great service. 

Started with the classic caesar salad....yum.  We had the fish and chips- simply amazing.  The fish is served as one thin filet with a wonderful crust and pan seared - not your traditional heavy battered deep fried fish. Also had the ham and cheese - delicious. 

Top it off with a nice Sauvignon Blanc and its a wonderful lunch!

You have to eat here!Gabi is my friend now! :)  I came here right after christmas with my boyfriend and we made reservations for a patio seat. When we arrived we had a patio seat right next to the sidewalk with a perfect view of the bellagio fountains.  First things first. Our server was totally French and we were so excited to have a waiter with a French accent! Lol  (at least I hope he was really French and not acting) Plus his name was either Jean or Pierre.....   Anyway they brought us a warm baguette (delicious). I absolutely love bread. *drools*   And my boyfriend and I both ordered the Le Steak Frites! I think I ordered the hangar steak ? The food was good but nothing amazing. the steak was very long but thin, and I prefer my frites a little thicker so I dont feel like I'm eating the crispy potato ends that no one wants.  The food was good though and I was glad it was very affordable since this is on the strip. In the end, It was a nice experience and I think I'd go back based on the price!Excellent meal. Really great experience. Service was great, food and atmosphere were even better. Took the in-laws here and it was perfect for a nice family meal. Price was completely reasonable, especially for Las Vegas. Mussels, frites, and "frangria" really stood out. 

Great view of the Bellagio was a nice touch. We will definitely go back the next time we are in Vegas. I would strongly suggest reservations as it seems to get busy. It was quite full when we were there on a Sunday night.You should try the bone in ribeye steak with fries.... The locating is amazing and also they have they have great selection of wines...YES, YES, YES!!! Flat iron Steak & Frites, Muscles and all the warm bread and slaw you could ever want. DELICIOUSNESS!!! NO WORDS CAN EXPLAIN!!!Had a frangria which was awesome. Also ordered an  oysters platter. Bartender Michael #17 was super! He deserves a raiseThis place is fantastic! We ate here twice while vacationing in Vegas and loved it. Definitely worth a try for lunch and/or dinner. Very fresh and well prepared meals, try the trout for sure! We will be back here...SO SO accommodating to my gluten sensitivity. I felt at home and not rushed by our waiter who had a perfectly placed french accent. By far the best part of my visit to Las Vegas.wonderful breakfast food to help you recoup in vegas. great service and even better people watching out on the patio. food AND free entertainment !This restaurant is in a great location, right across from the fountains, and has the French sidewalk cafe feel.  The French onion soup was very tasty, a bit sweeter than most, which was fine and lots of cheese, which is great.  The escargot was good, with enough butter anything tastes good.  The skate was a very good entree choice but the filet mignon was over cooked, such as a shame.  The desserts were excellent as you would expect, the creme brulee and the profiteroles.  Overall I would have given them a 5 as the ambiance, location, appetizers, and desserts were all a 5 but the entrees, filet in particular, were a 3.Classic French! Mon Ami is delicisO. I've been to both the Las Vegas and Chicago locations. I had equally delicious meals. Steak frites FTW. 

I will go back!Very nice place for a good breakfast. Food is well prepared and flavorful. The coffee was a bit weak for my taste, and I don't even drink often. Service could be a bit better, but I guess after dealing with freaks and drunks it is hard to keep enthusiastic and friendly all day.Very good food. Service was ok, bartenders seemed to be in no rush while we were waiting for our table, but everyone was very nice. Prices were very reasonable considering Vegas standards,this might be the best value in LV.I've been to Mon Ami Gabi many times. The service and food are consistently good.

I usually sit in the patio area.  It's a great spot for people watching and has an excellent view of  the fountains at Bellagio.

I had the tomato salad with blue cheese , arugula , basil , and parsley and for the entree salmon with vegetables.  Everything was well prepared and tasted great.  My waiter recommended the pino blanc which was outstanding.  

If you want a great place to eat you can't go wrong at Mon Ami Gabi !I dined alone while my husband was at his conference. This is a great people watching restaurant, especially if you sit on the patio. It's right across from the Bellagio, so you may get to enjoy some of the fountain shows that periodically happen while you are dining. The patiois first come first serve, so you might have a bit of a wait. The inside of the restaurant is much faster and easier, and you can make a reservation.

I went for breakfast. They have a great list of morning beverages. I had the pear mimosa. Delicious! I enjoyed the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. Portions are huge! It was a very good breakfast sandwich. I peaked around to other tables to see what people were eating. I saw a nice mix of sweet and salty dishes that all looked really good.

Service was great. My server was super kind and very sweet. He checked in on me appropriately and had a great sense of humor. I would definitely return!Always a guaranteed great meal in Vegas. Ambience, location, and such tasty food. I've only been here a few times, but I am never disappointed. To keep from the monotony of everyone else's reviews, here are my top three:

1) warm brie.
2) escargot.
3) mussels.

If you decide nothing else, decide on those three.This is easily one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas. You can get a delicious steak experience without having to pay super premium steakhouse prices. 
I love the filet with the red wine reduction. My brother loves the filet with bernaise. My parents love the french onion soup. The fish was just okay, but go with the steak and you will be a happy camper. The thin cut fries are also rave worthy, especially once they get lathered in that great red wine sauce. Yum. They are crispy though before the lathering, don't worry.
For dessert, the chocolate mouse is excellent, with little chocolate crisps thrown in for texture. However, my favorite is their profiteroles. I believe their vanilla ice cream is home made, and if it isn't they must source the best damn ice cream company around. It is also rave worthy. 
Added bonus, you can sit across from the Bellagio fountain show and enjoy some pretty snazzy ambiance. The service has been inconsistent, ranging from really good to terrible, but the food is just so good. 5 stars.Our favorite restaurant in Vegas! The food is phenomenal, the service is excellent! There is often an hour wait for a table but it is definitely worth it.I absolutely love this place. The Frites are amazing and even the snails are pretty dang good. 
The food is great, but truly the atmosphere is what is special about this place. The patio is a perfect place to watch all the people of the strip and the crazy action as well as having a front row seat to the bellagio fountain show. The patio is so chill as well. It's the perfect place to have lunch, have a glass of wine, and relax under the umbrellas. This strip is truly one of the few places I will face the strip, tourists, and walking through the Paris casino.Best service, delicious appetizers, and a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip.Celebrated my Valentines dinner here with a beautiful view, wonderful service, and unbelievable food! The taste of that hanger steak and frites still lingers in my memory, each and every day........ This place has made it's way to the top of my "must dos in Vegas"


Until we meet again, hanger steak..... Au revoir :')One of my must visit spot every time I visit Vegas. 

Absolutely love their Smoked salmon platter. It's served with bagels or toast. I've dined in and ordered Togo. The foods still delicious. It is very busy so go early. I also found out Sunday's are not as busy in the early AM.The best thing about mon ami gabi is getting a seat on the strip and enjoying the view. The food is good but not great however you really don't go there to eat as much as you go there to watch.One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! The steaks are great, but the mussels are amazing. 

The service is wonderful. They kindly split the bill into 12 separate checks for our large group.Todos los platillos de brunch que pedimos se veian deiciosos y porciones grandes. los huevos benedictinos estan  muy ricos!! muy recomendable la terraza por la vista hacia bellagio viendo el show de las fuentes cada 30 min aproxPacked for a reason, we got lucky and ended up having a great breakfast here! Great spot for people watching, if you can get a table outside. Omelets are great. You don't have to always stuff yourself with a buffet in Vegas. Try this place out, I swear you'll keep coming back over and over again. We did. 2x in 4 days.Came here for an anniversary dinner with my wife - decided to be a tourist for a night and enjoy the strip.  Started off with some cocktails (their french sangria was particularly notable as an interesting and simple choice).  Server was friendly, fellow long time local and Green Valley-ite.  All in all, food was good (enjoyed the Frisee salad the most), but, in my mind, nothing exceptional - 3 stars for food in my opinion (and I found things a bit pricey - but that is to be expected for a prime strip location run by a national restauranteur like Lettuce Entertain You - who needs to bring back Cafe Babareeba).  Extra star for the view (sat on the patio - only way to go here - between the misters and the setting of the sun - was quite tolerable on an August evening) and the quality of the people and strip-watching.As a chef, I look for certain things in a restaurant my wife (also a chef) go to eat. Service, cleanliness, food quality atmosphere, and affordability are the key five. Mon Ami Gabi really excelled in every aspect. I recommend the Filet Mignon Merlot (medium rear of course). It was like butter and the pomme frites were the best I had ever eaten.One of the few places that can entice us to enter the wild and wacky world of the Las Vegas Strip.  Mon Ami Gabi is one of our favorite places for a special occasion dinner.  The food is amazing, excellent wine list and very consummate sommeliers to assist with the right choice.  Ambiance is second to none, whether inside or outside watching the fountains at Bellagio while you eat.  My personal faves are the escargot and the Roquefort steak, but oysters are always fresh and wonderful and the bread is slammin!Wonderful breakfast with a French twist. Downside is the menu is somewhat limited. If you go, sit outside.I was there before I reviewed places, so I'm not going to be able to give a very fresh review, but this place was awesome I must say. I had the filet and it was terrific, memorable you might say since this was more than a year ago! Hopefully an update will come soon as I would love to go back!Best restaurant I ate at in Vegas hands down! I am gluten-intolerant which sometimes makes it very challenging to find a restaurant I can eat at. If a restaurant has a gluten-free menu, usually it's just a few options and doesn't include appetizers or desserts. Mon Ami Gabi has the largest gluten-free menu I've ever seen at a restaurant; they even brought me gluten-free bread so I wasn't just sitting there awkwardly watching my friends eat baugettes as we waited for our main courses. 

Our waiter was very knowledgeable and helpful when I ordered. He gave me a great wine recommendation and made sure my order stayed gluten-free. I ordered the scallops with brussel sprouts, which was amazing! Everyone else in my party ordered a merlot butter steak, recommended by our waiter.  I don't usually eat red meat at all, but I tried a bite of my boyfriend's filet and I could have definitely ate the whole thing! We will definitely be coming back next time we're in town!OMG!  One must experience the goat cheese w/garlic bread - phenom!!  If there is room left try any one of the steaks - phenom!! Service was awesome, Pinot Noir awesome, and dessert w/latte AWESOME!!My husband and I were looking for a reasonable place to grab lunch at and  found this place on Yelp. The food was scrumptious. I got the braised pork banh mi and my husband got the scallops. We experienced excellent service and were seated by the café area which had some light coming in and window views going out to the patio on the strip. The prices were reasonable considering the location and quality. I would definitely come here again.One of my favorite restaurants anyplace! ...Sitting alfresco, unending stream of tourist walking by to indulge in the best people watching (that alone is a show!), incredible food (you've got to taste their mushroom soup!), the Bellagio fountains show right in front every half-hour, best wines, affordable ... And ... old world service and attention. Just the best!Eat at Mon Ami Gabi at your own risk- it will ruin you for every other high-end restaurant in Vegas. From the food quality and preparation to the service to lovely wine list to the extremely reasonable prices, everything here is extraordinary. In our three days in vegas we ate here twice. 

The patio is great if you want to watch the fountains, but we enjoyed the inside just as much.I came here for brunch on a Saturday and had tea, croissants, and their eggs benedict. The eggs were delicious! They were made just right and served over a large slab of Canadian bacon and a large, perfectly toasted English muffin drizzled with Hollandaise sauce. There were two, and was accompanied by hash browns, which I loved. They were the perfect crisp and saltiness. I definitely want to go back and try their other menu items.Mon Ami Gabi is extremely versatile. It is such a cute place to get together with your girlfriends before heading out for the night. It's also an awesome place to celebrate an anniversary as it is extremely dim and intimate. The waiters are extremely knowledgeable and pleasant (although a tad MIA). 

You can make reservations via Open Table so definitely be sure to do so! Even with reservations there is a separate waiting line for the outdoors patio and if we weren't in a rush to the airport after our meal we would have definitely waited for it as it was a great spot right on the strip for people watching and the fountain show!

This meal was one of the very few where I didn't go with what Yelpers recommended. My heart told me to go with the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter but my tummy went with the Steak Berlanaise because I was craving onions (who craves onions? Vegas does weird things to me). The other girls went with the scallops, salad, mussels, skate fish, and burger. I had a bit of the scallops which were really good and nicely portioned. The mussels looked like a good amount too as well as the skate fish that my friend couldn't finish. The salad also looked pretty appetizing albeit small but was only $9! The cheeseburger was sizable as well so portions are pretty decent here, especially for the price of the food.  The fries that came with most of the entrees were disappointing. They weren't so much fries as they were little potato chips. Wah. Loved the warm fresh baguettes we were served in the beginning of our meal! They gave us 3 baguettes for a party of 7 which was more than enough. We also ordered two bottles of white for the table at $40 each. Their wine list is pretty extensive as they have wine from France as well as California. 

I wouldn't mind coming back here and actually getting the Filet and vying for an outside seat =)This was a very cute restaurant and was perfect for Sunday brunch for our party of 10.  We had a private room with a view of the Bellagio fountains, which was really great.  We could actually have a conversation and hear each other without feeling like we are screaming over loud music.  The service was pretty good and our waiter took really good care of us.

Although I did not have it, several folks in our group had the onion soup and raved about it.  I had the seafood crepe and it was really good and loaded with seafood.  Hubby enjoyed his bacon cheeseburger and another friend really liked his steak.  

Overall, I would recommend this place as a relatively quiet restaurant on the Strip.  The only criticism is that the brunch menu had very limited breakfast options and mostly served lunch.  A couple of folks in our group wanted to try some of the breakfast options, but they stopped serving it at noon.A very good breakfast; solid eggs (ordered over hard) and very delicious potatoes... Much needed dose of coffee to start the day. Highly recommended, great service and friendly staff! I will be back!#PrayForParis
I just happened to have planned a trip to Vegas within the same weekend as this very terrible incident in Paris.
In support of Paris, in whatever way we could, we decided to spend some time at "Paris."
Mon Ami Gabi came in highly recommended, and highly reviewed on Yelp of course from my fellow yelpies.
My dad told me to sit out by the patio...and boy it was a chilly night but I still did it... and I was pleasantly surprised how warm the fire lamp shades kept me.
It was such a beautiful venue, and so typically parisian in so many aspects. We were able to watch the bellagio water show at 30 minute intervals while we dined. 
So lets start with service
5/5 Susu was our server, she was so awesome and definitely had so much charisma, hospitality and was so well-versed with the menu
I got Chardonnay, mushroom soup and the scallops.
Husband got the steak frites
Brother in Law got the Salmon salad
i HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend the scallops. Ok, I find it very hard to find a place with PERFECTLY seared scallops. They were seared in brown butter, and were accompanied by a mushroom sauce, and they were the most perfectly cooked scallops i have ever had. Not rubbery or chewy, and just tender enough on the inside. SUPERB
Really enjoyed everything about this place.
The baguette that came in the beginning was a little hard for me... other than that everything was so delicious.
So happy with my entire experience.
Also, their coffee is great. Asked how they brew it and they use Intelligentsia coffee beans, and they grind them daily and brew them fresh everyday so no wonder it was incredibleWe went here for breakfast on a Monday morning around 10:30 and boy was it busy! There was a big line waiting to get in. Thankfully it goes fast. We had made reservations, but apparently everyone has to stand in line anyways...

Now onto the food. It was heaven!!!! We had the Blueberry French Toast, the Bannana Foster Waffles, and the Muesli. All were perfect. I can honestly say that the French toast was the best I've ever had. Both the French toast and waffles were served with a generous side of whipped cream, which of course was also perfect.

If I take another vacation to Vegas, I'm eating here every morning!NO MORE BLOODY MARY BAR! Ordered the house bloody and it's fine, acceptable, definitely above average. Although, if you favor a certain emphasis (lots of horseradish, extra spicy, lime juice, Clamato base, etc.), dropping $12 on their Bloody may leave you with a lingering aftertaste of regret.My friends and I were looking for brunch, and all the rest of the restaurants in the are were pretty crowded/had quite a long line. Stepped in here and were happily seated immediately. Loved our seats! We had an amazing view of the Bellagio Fountains from our window seats!

The food was good. My friends both had crepes that filled them up, and I got the scallops gratinees, a little but salty but the delicate scallops balanced it out well.

Very good, friendly service, too! Enjoyable brunch here.My favorite breakfast spot in Las Vegas so far. I arrived shortly after they opened at 7am and was able to convert my OpenTable reservation (which does not apply to outside seating) to a spot on the balcony given how empty it was at that time. While the Bellagio fountains aren't on that early, it's a nicely shaded spot and comfortable on a hot day. The food was also very good - I loved my Spinach & Goat Cheese Omelette, and the Crispy Date-Glazed Bacon was very tasty (although a little overcooked).I may have given this place 5 stars if we didn't choose to sit outside in 50-degree weather, under their not-that-hot hot lamps. Being cold makes me grouchy.

In any case, the food was good. I got the spinach and green veggie omelet (with jarlsberg cheese). It was really, really good--very buttery, to warn you. It comes with a great hunk of fresh bread and AWESOME hash browns. I asked for a side of fruit too.

The service was really good, the kind of good where the waitress was bringing me a new iced tea before I even finished the current glass. Prices are pretty good for Vegas. It's hard to find a place to eat that isn't smack in the middle of a casino. This felt like an actual standalone restaurant.Went there for breakfast and it was awesome.  The food, price, service and coffee were all great.  I had bacon and eggs wrapped in a crepe- wow, blew me away. 

Everybody was really polite and the atmosphere was great.  
I recommend a reservation or get there really early because the place fills up fast, especially the outside patio. 

A must eat for VegasMy favorite spot for ANY meal (the brunch is awesome, the dinner is AMAZING, and so is everything in between) is Mon Ami Gabi! It truly is my favorite restaurant in Vegas, and that says a lot considering there are so many. I came here for a birthday dinner (and then back repeatedly) and was blown away every time- the Filet Merlot is melt in your mouth tender, and the merlot butter sauce was perfect with it! 

A few other things I have tried and loved:
-The Frisee Salad with the poached egg on top- AMAZING!
-Fresh oysters
-Smoked Salmon
-Corned beef hash-YUM

And that is just to name a few. This is the best place for people watching while enjoying great, reasonably priced wine/food and having a fantastic meal. I will be back!I love this place for too many reasons to list but here are a few:
Best french onion soup on the strip. 
Great Sunday brunch with a huge bloody mary bar.
Make a reservation for the terrace and enjoy a nice bottle of wine as you watch crowds of people walking up and down the strip. Never a dull moment. Also a nice vino list. Even the pickiest connoisseur will find a wine to match his taste.On my last trip to Vegas I made it a point to try Mon Ami Gabi. I heard really stellar reviews on this place and I love me some French food!
I dined for brunch enjoyed the escargot and the baked brie. Their Nicoise salad was a generous portion. I also inhaled the baguette they served at the beginning of the meal. The prices here are pretty steep (with drinks about $65pp) and that was just for brunch. It is totally worth it though and I left a happy camper. Next time I am in Vegas I will definitely try to go back again.So i have to give it to this place,Just a Great View and Location on the Strip.

I tried their Egg, Bacon & Cheese Crêpe and my V. had their Eggs Benedict.

The Crêpe was alright,but the egg was somewhat runny,i do not mind since i like my eggs sunny side up,so go figure me not saying anything,besides that my meal was alright.

I do have to say their Eggs Benedict is really good,tried a bite and it was delicious,enough for me to go back and try it all for myself.

Had a few rounds of Mimosas,they were real good.

Now here is something that some Yelpers probably deduct on the stars,but i have to admit that at first i thought of saying the hell with this place,but they took a while for them to give us our first round of Mimosas,and their excuse was they ran out of Fresh Orange Juice,cough,yea,really,come on,be better then that,now i did hear that they recently offer breakfest,not sure how true that is,but i gave them the benefit of the doubt.

Our server was #22,no name tag,just a number,huh? yea,so anyways,this guy was okay,that is why i say server and not waiter,cause he hardly waited.

Now the best part besides the Eggs Benedict and Mimosas was OSCAR!,he was the Busboy that took care of us,and was really funny and outgoing,great person,i just wish they had more people like him there.

We did get to see the explosions from the Bellegio,i am sure it would be more awww if it was night time,since this was 10am,it was alright,sorta cool.

The whole experience was really nice...So if you find yourself in Las Vegas and near the Paris,try it out for yourself.

I hope you dont take me to be snobby,but service should be great service especially in Las Vegas and at this resort.Just saying,i dont want you to trip on serving me,but come up with a better reason then we ran out of O.J. at the bar...

Just saying,still a fan though,so takecare now.I frequent often especially with out of town guests- since the outside seating is excellent for people watching as well as the Bellagio watershow. 
Food is fairly priced (in the 20s for steak, salmon, etc). I really enjoyed the escargot and my friend loved the baked goat cheese appetizer. Good place over all.it's Vegas, it's on The Strip, so obviously it's going to be super super SUPER crowded. If you're coming here, you better make reservations!!

Came for dinner on a Saturday night (made reservations at 6pm) and they seated us right away. Service was fantastic, never had to ask for a refill.

Ordered:
Butter Lettuce & Arugula Salad
Steak Classique
Salmon and Quinoa (OMGOMG, LOVE AT 1ST TASTE)

OH MY BLOODY HELL, the salmon and quinoa dish was so so so good. I was so full, but I didn't want the party in my mouth to stop. I'm a BIG seafood person, so I know what good fish tastes like, and let me tell you, this piece of salmon was delicious and cooked to perfection!
The steak was a bit on the bland side; could have used more salt, but it was a good and large-sized piece of meat and it came with a mountain of fries! The taste was nothing special, just your typical meat and fries.Another trip to Vegas mean another stop at Mon Ami Gabi. I just can't get enough of this place. The food was just as good as before, but the service was ehh this time around. I missed the waitress from before. Our waiter this time around was here and there but no connection. 

As always, we had the French onion soup, a small salad, and the liver platter. The French onion soup was just how I remember it to be. Hot and gooey from the melted cheese and warming with caramelized onions and the broth. The starter salad was just mixed greens with a light vinaigrette. Simple yet tasty. The liver platter was a first and it did not disappoint. You get a generous slice of liver mousse pate. It comes with sliced crusty French baguette and pickled mini onions and gherkins. It doesn't taste like liver pate at all. It's very soft and creamy in texture. 

For our group's entrees, we had the mussels that was steamed in white wine, burger du jour: open face duck burger stuffed with cheese, open faced ham and cheese sandwich, chicken and apple crepe, the ever so classic quiche Lorraine, and scallops. The mussels was fresh and delicious. It was great with the baguettes to soak up all the sauce. The burger du jour was not up to par as before. It was really gamey and needed something to counter balance that taste. But it was good nonetheless, if you like gamey duck. The opened faced ham and cheese was just good. You get a lot of the gooey cheese if you love cheese. It had a comfort food feeling attached to it. The scallops was not as big as the previous visit and it seemed a little bit overcooked this time around. The apple crepe was gigantic. It's a mix of savory and sweet. The chicken the the sliced granny smith apples goes really well together along with the white Alfredo sauce. It's definitely bigger than the normal crepes you can get at the crepe stand inside Paris. The classic quiche Lorraine was just like the previous time, wonderfully eggy. 

Everything was just soo yummy. I think we came in with high expectations from last time so we were a little bummed. It's still nice to see the water show from Bellagio across the street every 15 minutes tho!  See you in a few months...I'm officially spoiled. I will never visit Vegas again without going to this restaurant at least once. It's right on the strip directly across the Bellagio and the water show. The dark ambiance was extremely beautiful and the place is huge, so lots of seating. We got the best seat in the house, right in the center of the patio. We had to wait a little while for our seat, so my friends and I got free drinks just because we had to wait (so nice of them!). There were heaters outside so we were very comfortable. It was a cold night after all. We tried the escargo and mussels. Both were delicious, though I preferred the mussels because I just love seafood. I ordered the salmon with mashed potatoes and mushrooms. It was out of this world delicious. The mashed potatoes were so smooth they melted in my mouth. Don't know how they got them so smooth. The salmon was unbelievable, and so were the  mushrooms. My friends got steak and it was very thin and cooked exactly how they asked. They couldn't stop raving about it. The service was excellent, the food was excellent, the location and ambience were PERFECT. I can't wait to go back.They told us an hour, but we ended up waiting an hour and a half to eat there. I think my experience wasn't as good as the boyfriend's, but I still liked the food overall. Service was decent, and again, I loved the fresh baguette (which they gave us a second one when we asked). We tried the escargot appetizer. Very very good, and perfect topping on the bread also. So much garlic and butter. 

I got the classic steak frites while the boyfriend got the filet mignon. I really should have ordered my steak medium rare, because I didn't realize how thin of a slice the steak was going to be and ended up coming out kind of dry. But the filet mignon was practically to die for. And we asked to substitute our frites for some veggies (asparagus for mine and green beans for him). Extra charge to do that... are you kidding me? At such a nice/fancy restaurant, they could be that petty? Anyway, so if I had the filet mignon, this place would fully deserve its four stars.Great brunch place with a perfect location central on the strip - nice plus is the patio outside which is constantly packed.  We had made reservations (which is normally for inside as the patio is first come first serve) - there was availability on the patio but we decided to go inside since it was a bit chilly.  I had the eggs benedict special (had bacon on top of a thinly sliced baguette) and hashbrowns - very yummy and I'm a picky hashbrown person as they need to be crisp (but not burned) and buttery which they were.  Mom had the blueberry waffles which were nice and fluffly and came with blueberry syrup.  Bro had a turkey egg white omlette which he said was pretty darn good.  Definitely want to come back and try this place for dinner!!Came here twice.. once for brunch and second time for regular lunch menu. Omg!!! I loved everything about this place.  Service to presentation to quality of food!!! I am not a big fan of French American food but this place is a bomb!!!!  Everyone should try mussel dish.. so flavorful and delicious!!! I plan to visit this place every time I go to Vegas!Amazing  service and the most incredible steak and it was under $30. The French onion soup made me melt. My mom had the scallops and she said they were the best she ever had. The fresh french bread  just kept coming with fresh whipped butter.Great place, for starter we took the hot goat cheese swimming in great tomato sauce.
Kids took pasta dishes, which were flavored and fancy relative to its price.
For main, we took the vegi  Cencioni which was surprisingly good, with lemon and light butter flavor with shallots and French beans, great dish to have.
I took 1/2 mussels portion, which was big and good lemon flavor. We coupled dinner with 2 cups of fence wine which made the whole dinner better even w 3 kids w us...This place is a solid four stars. Hubs and I flew into Vegas in November 2010 and wanted to find some steak for dinner. He did some Yelp research while I did some primping in our sweet Penthouse bathroom at Mandalay (see that review for how we got a Penthouse), He chose Mon Ami Gabi and made a reservation through Open Table.

We journeyed down the strip to Paris and found the restaurant right away (it's right next to the main entrance off the Strip). First impressions: kind of dark but elegant looking. With out late reservation, we weren't able to get patio seating, but we didn't have to wait too long. We got a few quick pulls off the slots before we were seated.

Our table was in between two larger tables, with not much room in between. Reminds me of the close proximity of the tables at the Brewpub I worked at for many years. Kind of surprising with the "fanciness" of the place to be shoved into some little two top between two large tables. Not at all romantic. Not long after we sat down, a raucous group sat to the right of us and then an oddly quiet family of four sat to our left (you've seen them: they don't talk unless it's to the server...so weird).

Our server was French, and extremely good at his job - although he had absolutely no sense of humor or personality. Maybe that's an American thing? To have a personilty? Not sure. The close proximity of the tables made his dignified shimmy between them borderline hilarious.

We ordered a bottle of wine, an appetizer, and steaks. Everything was good. The steak wasn't outstanding, but it was still delicious. Expect Vegas prices!

Overall, a great way to start the Vegas trip. I would suggest getting a patio table or request more private seating if you are looking for the romance of France.Whoot whoot. While we didn't sit outside on the patio, we sat in there nice atrium in the strong sunshine. It was a nice end of the trip meal...

They have a Bloody Mary Bar. We sat near it. You order whatever vodka you want and they bring you a huge glass of it. You then take this glass and bring it over to the Bloody Mary Bar. You can choose tomato juice or clamato juice... you can then add an assortment of olives, there are pickled beans, fresh horseradish... oh and they have pepperoni sticks. I saw people walking away with their glasses filled to the brim and with side plates filled with extras. 

After placing our order with our wonderful waiter, he brought us soft baguettes with butter. Our waiter was so friendly and so engaging. He was fairly attentive for a busy Sunday. He made suggestions and knew a lot about the menu. He also brought me refills of coke without me even having to ask. 

We got there during brunch, but I had lunch. Hmm, while my friends ate burgers, eggs benny and corned beef hash, I had the country pate and the warm frisee salad with bacon. Sigh. I could have sat here all day. The pate was really good. It was firm and the top was covered in bacon. It came with some toast, cornichons and a big dollop of grainy mustard. I didn't really need the mustard and shamefully ate most of the pate with my fork. Yum yum. My frisee salad was nicely tossed with the right amount of vinaigrette. I love the soft, runny poached egg. I love breaking that yolk and seeing the golden thickness coat the curly lettuce. Oh, and there is bacon. Yes, and lots of it.If you're in the mood to be romantic and want to take your partner out to a nice, fancy place in Vegas ( that's affordable ), Mon Ami Gabi is the perfect place. Just a clear warning that this place does get overly crowded and forms lines. Make sure you make reservations ahead of time. I took my boyfriend here for our anniversary celebration and it was perfect. We wanted to sit outside so we could people watch. Server came right away and took our order. I ordered the filet mignon and my boyfriend ordered the rib eye. The steaks came with thinly sliced fries that almost tasted like chips which I thought were delicious and we also ordered a side of sautéed mushrooms. The price is fair and not too high. Our bill came out to be around 80$ ( not including tip ). I would definitely come here again.I am not into French food per se but man o man! Delish! Of course they had a great wine selection. I had the fish special which was trout. I am VERY picky about fish - I don't like to order it away from the coast but LV is the exception. I also usually only like ahi, swordfish etc. "safe fish". I was feeling adventurous and at the coaxing of a local (aka my Aunt) ordered with much reservation. I have been thinking about that meal for 2 week and as I am in LV once again- I am going back. The salads were great...I had a nice spinach salad. Also- they have a niceeee Rose wine. NOT white zin blechhhh. The real deal is nice. Perfect for a warm evening dinner when you don't want white, you don't want red. People that know what I am saying know what I am saying here. By the way, if you are looking at my reviews and saying oh she gives high marks to everyone...I don't. I just don't have time to comment on all the mediocre spots. So if I write about something its because it should be written about.2nd time eating here.  They actually had our reservation for 8 at 7:15, but we didn't get seated until 8pm.  GRRR.  Then again, it was CES week, and there were about 100,000 extra people than a regular week in vegas.  Great service, excellent food.  If you order anything else besides steak, then you have made a horrible mistake.  Most of the steaks were very juicy and tender.  Highly recommended, and definitely would suggest making a reservation well in advance.This is a lovely little place that serves delicious everything, in the Parisian bistro tradition. I usually have breakfast there for reasons of schedule. The eggs benedict if my favorite.Service is usually pretty good, the people watching from the outside patio is always fun, and the food is tasty!  The Bellagio fountains are right across the street, so when you sit outside on a nice sunny day, it's gorgeous!  Can't really go wrong!  

The breakfast option is usually my favorite, I love a good quiche!  The french onion soup is good, and their filet mignon is always succulent and delicious!  I prefer their mashed potatoes over their fries, but that's just me.  Their food tends to run a little salty, so I wouldn't add salt until after I tasted everything... just an FYI.So. Dang. Good. My BFF and I are in town for the weekend and looking for a low key breakfast. This place is slightly spendy ($40 for the both of us) but the food was amazing. Don't get me started on the coffee. Legit the best black coffee I have ever had. I will go back tomorrow just to get more coffee. Oh, and this place is gluten-free friendly. :)We, a party of five dined here. Reservations were made ahead of time so we had a table ready as we arrived (it seemed very busy, people waiting and all). The ambiance was casual and nice and the cafe was bustling with energy and life. The service and food were excellent (hitherto I had not eaten French cuisine much, but this place has made me a believer). I had the soup of the day (peas and ham), steak bordelaise with frites (done medium rare, it was great). The steak au poivre (peppercorn in brandy sauce) that my brother ordered was divine. For dessert we split three items among us, the chocolate mousse was my favorite, the creme brûlée and profiteroles were good too. All this washed down with some pinot noir made for a great culinary experience. A little on the expensive side but reasonable considering the location. From the patio one could see the Bellagio fountains.3.8. I'm a little indifferent about Mon Ami Gabi. 

I've been here twice. Once for lunch, and another for dinner. 

Lunch: Sat outdoors. Great view of the strip, enjoyed the nice weather and crazy "Las Vegans". The Egg Benedict was delicious, so I wouldn't recommend coming here to cure your hangover. Enjoy your lunch. 

Dinner: I came here about a month ago, and sat indoors. It's a little bit more intimate, however, the service was definitely not up to PAR this time around. The waitress kept cutting us off...uhmm.... RUDE!!! I say, if we want to order a la carte, let us!!! 

Escargot: must try. 
Raw Oysters: yum yum, slurp slurp. 
Filet Mignon: I ordered medium rare, but it came out medium. Still good. 
Frites: I prefer Mcdonald's french fries. 

Food was great. Service could improve.We ate here twice during our stay. If we were here longer we probably would have gone back again. They were awesome at gluten free service! Their gluten free bread was nice and toasted not like some gluten free breads that are just soggy. One day I was able to get a Benedict and another day I had an omelette. My husband had crepes one day and a Benedict the other. He loved both of his meals. We had an awful waitress the first day, but our server the next day made up for it!Excellent service!  We went for dinner last week on a Wednesday evening during our Vegas vacay.  Were told it would be a 45 min wait for two for a table on the patio, but after only 15 min we were seated.  The view of the strip and Bellagio fountains was perfect with our meals.  I had scallops and hubby had roasted chicken.  Both entrees were very good.  Since we were too full from the delicious starter bread, we couldn't try their desserts.  We chose this place with the help of Yelp and were not dissatisfied.Went with  a my friend.
We got a nice cozy table by the window.

It was a busy night, so a bit noisy, and cramped.

We ordered a selection of appetizers, followed by Beef Wellington and Duck, and they were both delicious.

The food was great, the ambiance was great, but, honestly, I was not wooed as the hype it has.

Nonetheless, for the price, it was very good.
Would I go again? yes, I would!  Only, if I could not find something else that intrigues me more to try.My husband and I have been dining at Mon Ami Gabi for a long time. We go at least twice a month. We love the food and especially the service. The bartenders, Jerry and Robert are the best!! It is fun to sit with them and watch them make the specialty drinks. Also the servers, Debbie, Isabelle and Alexa are wonderful !!! There are always daily specials and the prices are reasonable. The view is spectacular with the Bellagio fountains right across the street. The outdoor patio is great for people watching. The french onion soup is the best I ever had and my husband loves the escargot. Really the whole menu is great and changes with the seasons. You will enjoy the ambiance of this French Bistro!!! It is our favorite.ive been here a few times already and decided i needed to write a review for the awesome place.

Food,
whatever you choose, make sure its the steak, the ribeye, new york or filet (medium rare of course) are so wonderful! get the mac & cheese for you side! boom your meal is set. you're welcome! you dinner will be great, you can thank me later. 

pro tip, 
make a reservation this place tends to be packed every day of the week.Nice ambiance, cute table layout- choice of patio, pavilion-type, or completely indoors; easy to make a reservation (on a Monday afternoon at least), & the waitstaff were very accommodating, friendly, and informative. We chose to sit under the glass pavilion for lunch and although it was scorching hot outside, the ac from right above us kept us cool throughout our meal. Seafood combo platter was super fresh and probably the main reason I would go back but my partner also enjoyed the escargot and the (classic) steak & frites. The bacon poutine was disappointing- thin and hard potato sticks with barely any sauce and over-cooked bacon bits. Also felt that the lunch menu was very limited and discovered the beef Wellington is only a Sunday special.Exceptional service by the one and only Jose S. He catered to our table and made our experience phenomenal. Best server/service I've had in Vegas so far! Food was great, Frangria was amazing.This may quickly rise to my #2 restaurant on the strip (#1 is Joel Robuchon).

The service was excellent. In particular, the bus boys were FANTASTIC. The waitress was obviously overwhelmed and the bus boys really stepped in.

The drinks are great. Can't remember what we ordered but it was similar to a moscow mule. 

My husband and I (Yes, we shared all this food just between the two of us) had:
Chicken Pate
Scallops
Seafood Crepe
Lobster roll

It was worth every calorie. 

I love the baguette they give us in the beginning. So yummy.The steak here was very good and cooked perfectly. I love the fried potatoes that come with the meal. I think my favorite part was the bread and the foie gras! Would def come here again when i get the chanceSpectacular,  you won't waste your money here.  Great food great restaurant with great views.  You won't be let down.Very good French Bistro by the foot of the Eiffel Tower.  Enjoyed the mini loaf of French bread and butter to start, followed by our entrees (Mussels Meunière avec pommels frites and a lobstah roll).  (Forgive me...the New Englander in me is coming out. )I have always walked by Mon Ami GABI and always wanted to eat there. It has a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. This place has great food and service. 15 of my closest friends enjoyed a nice dinner here on a hot July day. The server was great. He was on top of everything. My friends and I shared our meals. We had the Lemon-Thyme Seared Salmon, Prime Rib, Oysters du jour, Roast Chicken & Frites, Steak Bearnasie and Seared Sea Scallops. The food was excellent. I would come back just to eat the Oysters, it was so good! It also didnt hurt that I was with people I love most in my life.Came here for a late dinner, and waited forever for patio seating, but it was definitely worth the wait. Sitting at the patio, we were in perfect view of the Bellagio and its Fountain show that came on every 15 min. Sooo picturesque and they had the ac blasting (which was probably a big waste of energy), but I was a a very comfortable temperature throughout the entire dinner, even though it was still in the high 80s at night. 

The baguettes they provide were very good: so warm and fresh and even the butter was super good. We ordered the chicken pate to start off and I didn't know what to expect, but it was really nice. Good texture and taste. I ordered the filet mignon with the merlot butter and I devoured it completely. My sister ordered the Hanger Steak and it was truly delicious as well. As for desserts, we got the creme brulee, which tasted like a normal creme brulee and the apple tart which was kind of weird. Their desserts are good, but nothing to freak out over.

The service was great and it was overall an amazing dinner experience.I ate here a couple of times for breakfast on vacation and really liked  it both times. The interior is a lot like  an off-the-center of the city Parisian bistro. I have no way of knowing that, of course, since I've never been to France, but trust me. I'm right on the money with this. It's got a really nice inside part. And the outside part is awfully nice if it's not 110 degrees out. 

    The food is exceptional and reasonable for the Strip. I had the smoked salmon eggs benedict and they were freakin' awesome. The homemade engrish muff, the hollandaise, hell, even the hash browns were spot on and don't usually like hash browns. Good! Throw in a mimosa and you've got yerself a nice breakfast. 
     The other time I had muesli with fresh berries. Again, really good. 
   I've seen a few refer to this as a tourist trap, but I didn't get that vibe at all. Give it a shot.Portion was huge. I got a daily special which was a crepe with raspberry spread, paired with lemon butter cream, topped with raspberries and peaches. It was lite and not as dense as regular pancakes. I also got a side of hash browns that were crisp and had onion flavoring. We sat inside but I recommend sitting outside. Service was very attentive.Why 5 Stars in a touristy bistro? Because since Vincent  from Daniel Boulu (and Previously at Aureole) is the executive chef at Mon Amy Gabi., the food went to a totally different level. From appetizer to desert, the food, the service ( Thanks Krisha), the price is an infogatable experience if you are lucky enough to seat on the patio.One of my very favorite restaurants!  I will drive down to The Strip just to go and sit on the patio and watch the fountains at Bellagio.  Its a quaint bistro type french restaurant.  The food is fantastic too and well priced.  The Bloody Mary Buffet is the best ever with about 20 items including beef jerky!  Well worth the trip.What a great find, especially in the glittery, extravagant Las Vegas Strip! Our group of 5 came here for brunch after seeing the positive reviews and surprisingly reasonably priced brunch menu. It definitely fulfilled and surpassed our expectations! My guess is that it would do well even in an urban area, without requiring the constant flow of Vegas customers to support its business.

The restaurant is quite spacious, with several rooms of tables and outdoor seating. In the last room facing the back there is also a direct view of the Bellagio Fountains, which makes a nice backdrop for enjoying the Parisian food and decor while inside the restaurant. 

We shared the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer which comes with a flavorful tomato sauce and crunchy garlic bread. They also provide free, unlimited bread (A HUGE PLUS), which we used after the garlic bread was finished to continuously dip into the sauce and maximize every last drop of flavor.

I had the Kale & Warm Bacon salad while others tried the Eggs Benedict and other standard brunch items. All servings were generous and filling, which is what we were seeking after a long night out. We came in like the living dead, but Mon Ami Gabi succeeded in reviving us-- merci beaucoup!!I've been wanting to try this place for years now ever since the cute name (and exterior) caught my attention. And I was able to this year after my mom finally agreed that we could have breakfast/brunch there before we left Vegas and headed back home to LA. I am so glad we were able to squeeze it in! I called the night before at 11:59 pm (a minute before closing time) to make reservations for 11:30, and the lady was friendly.

We arrived early, but were quickly seated with no hassle. I asked for a seat outside and to my surprise, that was easy enough although the place was very crowded already. We were seated at the edge of the outside patio by the sidewalk. But after about 15 minutes or so, the direct sunlight became unbearable for some of our party of four. So when another outside table by us that had more shade opened up, we asked if we could move and the service was prompt. We noticed that a few minutes afterward, several tables also wanted to move because the sunlight started shining directly on many of the seats. 

We each got different dishes, and they were all so delicious and tasty. My dad, who was paying for the bill, thought that the prices were reasonable for the portions. I was delightfully surprised by his comment because he typically doesn't feel portions are big enough for him to be satisfied. Haha. He had an omelette and pointed out that the pieces of turkey were uniform throughout his omelette (as in there were pieces in every bite) -- even the thinner parts, which he said is a detail that is typically not the case at diner omelettes. Hah. The omelette was as long as the plate and came with hash browns and slices of bread. 

My mom (and I as well) loved the complimentary baguette that was provided a bit after we sat down. So fresh and just perfect texture! It came with jam and butter too. I tried a few bites of my sister's quiche Lorraine and it was so light and fluffy as quiche should be! It came with a small side of salad, which she said as simple as it was, tasted really good. I got the holiday special of eggs benedict with braised beef instead of ham after the waiter recommended it. Delicious! Quite possibly the best eggs benedict I've had. The homemade muffin was perfect -- crispy edges and softer center, and melt-in-your-mouth eggs. I could have had more beef, but it wasn't so little that I would complain out loud about the amount. Still very fulfilling, especially with the side of hash browns that the egg dishes come with.

The juice and tea was quite pricey to me at ~$4 each for a pretty small glass. But they're freshly squeezed and thus, refreshing as well. I was satisfied with my grapefruit juice while my dad ordered orange juice and my mom got hot tea (it was organic and came with lemon). 

I would love to come back for another visit. Their scallops and steak seem amazing. Yum.I had heard about this place and was super excited because they have gluten free options. They were super accommodating, great service and my blueberry French toast and bacon was to die for! I definitely recommend and it is right on the strip so it has great people watching!My favorite place to eat lunch in Las Vegas.  Love to sit outside and watch the fountain show while eating their fantastic french onion soup and drinking some sangaria.  Their french onion soup is by far the best I have ever had.  All the meals I have ordered there are fantastic, last time I ordered an open faced BLT and it  was great!   I frequent Las Vegas once a year, and I always make sure to eat there at least once.This place was incredible. Went with the in laws and was very impressed. Maria was our waitress and she was funny and very likable. Loved her! I had the filet minion... Merlot... Such a good sauce. Perfect with the fries. Can't be more satisfied with the food. Had the ice cream cream puffs! Perfect. My only complaint is how crowded it is. We had 4 obnoxious kids next to us which made conversation difficult. Not the restaurants fault though. The shrimp here is the best I've ever had!Great food, better service and I definetly a great place to enjoy a relaxing view of the fountains in the early morning. Can be a bit touristy later but definetly worth trying out.Mon Ami Gabi is probably the best place to go to in Las Vegas for French Toast. They serve an amazing French Toast that is perfectly griddled, has the right level of sweetness and moistness, and is accompanied by blueberries. There is also fresh whipped cream that comes with the French Toast, and it was the best whipped cream I've ever had. Bacon here is very good, too - thick cut, perfectly cooked, and excellent flavor. Juices are freshly squeezed. Coffee here is good, though not the best. Service was excellent here, too.Cute place with a great view of the Bellagio. Yummy Breakfast and lunch. They have a bloody mary bar!! I have just tried a couple of appetizers and wine for dinner. French onion soup is a must Best place to people watch if you get the outside seating. Good luck and good eats!I had such a fantastic brunch here; it was so nice and just lots of fun. My friends and I went on a trip to Las Vegas, and before heading home to LA decided to eat here. We wanted outdoor seating but it was so hot we couldn't take the heat and bright sun. Luckily, there was a glass patio deck with open panel doors. And from where we sat, the Bellagio fountain was across the street. What a nice view and experience it was for a tourist like me. 

We ordered smoked salmon, grilled chicken sandwich with apple and caramelized onions, crepes with shrimp in creamy sauce, and steak sandwich with eggs. Everything was very good and had lots of flavor. I loved the smoked salmon especially with the bits of eggs and capers. So good. And of course what is brunch without some light alcohol to share so we got a pitcher of sangria. And it was yummy.  

Service was nice and attentive. Our waitress checked on us often, refilled our glasses of water and joked with us a bit. Our orders came out slow though and took awhile as we sat there drinking our sangria so we didn't mind much. Our waitress apologized for the long wait in the kitchen.

In the end, it was such a memorable meal. I don't know why because I've eaten in Vegas many times. But there was something about sitting out on the open patio with the famous Bellagio fountain show across from us that just made it something special. I definitely will come back here next time I'm in Vegas and ask for this patio seating because I truly feel the view is what sets the tone for this dining experience.Really good food at decent prices (for being on the strip).  Not a traditional steakhouse but just as good as many of them.  Sitting out on the strip is very nice at nighttime.Very nice place with a great patio. The bartenders are friendly and funny and for a Vegas first timer like myself it's nice to have someone to give you the scoop on the strip. I'm going to stay longer next time so I'll definitely be doing brunch the in the futureGreat brunch spot! Food is delicious and always elegantly served. Had Slate for the first time here very light, tender and flavored well. The ambience is very posh and with the high ceilings and large windows you really do feel like you're somewhere in Paris. The Pavilion with sky window ceilings and the outdoor patio seating are my favorite and give unbeatable views of the strip and the fountain shows at Bellagio. A must visit dining experience at least once!Excellent breakfast menu, they just need to hire more staff to have a better service.Best place for casual romantic outdoor dining in Vegas. 

Mon Ami Gabi is located in the Paris Hotel, directly across from the water show at the Bellagio.  They don't take reservations, so please plan to arrive early and put your name on the list.  Wait time is usually an hour.  Ask to be seated outside, especially if this is your first time in Vegas and the weather permits. 

3 stars for food
4 stars for the view

This is a really great way to enjoy the view of the strip.  Smile.  You're in VEGAS!I really recommend this place me and my girlfriend had an absolute delightful time :)We had a fabulous lunch here a couple of weeks ago on the 4th of July.  I had the chicken crepe and hubby had the burger. Both were perfect. The service was top notch and the prices were terrific for the quantity and quality of the food.  The ambiance is very nice, I'll bet it's even better at night, and we will be back to see for ourselves on our next Vegas trip, for sure!Love this place and worth the price you pay. I and my wife wanted to try this place for breakfast, checked with the front desk and we see 2 lines. One for the reservation to sit on patio and other inside. Initially i was hesitant that its going to take time to get a table outside, but risked it. To my surprise got the table in 10 mins even if there are 10 people before me. 

Food tasted really good, with latte as cheery on top. I am going to visit this for my next visit too.Food is very good. Service is a bit slow. The location is nice. Try to sit outside if the eeather is good or by the window if not, so you can have a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. The steaks are great no matter what sauce or cut. The fries are crispy yet soft inside. Would recommend, plus it is nice but not super duper expensive!Breakfast here was amazing.  The view across to Bellagio and the fountains is very cool, and the food was amazing.  I had the apple and cinnamon crepes and my wife had eggs benedict.  It was all we could do not to walk over there every morning for breakfast while in Vegas.

Also, get the cappuccino in a bowl.  It's huge and it's amazing.New to the Mountains Edge area and finally found an awesome restaurant to relax in, or grab a cocktail with friends.  Check out Oyshi Sushi for an all you can eat, great service and knowledgeable sushi chefs.One of our favorite restaurants in all of LV!  Escargot done right, salads, bread, steaks, seafood and perfect service.  Can we bring it home?  Keep doing what you are doing!  Fabulous!Riktigt trevlig och mysig restaurang. Personalen kunnig och maten riktigt bra! Förhållandevis prisvärt.Delicious seafood. Great service. Awesome cocktails!The food was decent but you really pay for the atmosphere and the view. I ordered a savory crepe and my fiancé ordered steak frites. Friendly waitstaff. We had a wonderful table outside with a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.I don't know if they'll ever have the French Onion Soup burger again, but damn this burger could cure any vegas headache...aka hangover.  Crouton drowned in french onion soup, gruyere cheese toasted on top of it, carmelized onions, and a bloody drippy burger.  o . m . g . . . . 

If that's not available their beef wellington is almost as exciting as cracking aces with a 3/5 offsuit.Food was great, location is among the best in Vegas, but service and beer quality barely gets a 2 star.

Lots of attitude by the waiters and waitresses when asked for simple things like forks or towels. As much as I have to be objective and give this place a 4 star rating because of the chef's work, I have to say I will probably not return here in the future.We had a wonderful experience here for my husband's 40th birthday celebration.  We had a group of 20 people and I worked with Rebecca and Drew with group reservations to arrange the special night.  They were easy to work with and very responsive. 

The service was friendly, efficient and quite impressive as they were serving 20 of us.  It was a bit of a show when 4-5 waiters came out together to serve us, all synchronized. 

The portion size was substantial.  We had the 4-course and we were practically rolling out of the place. 

This was the first time any of us had eaten at Mon Ami Gabi and we ALL would come back again!Amazing!!!!! Fantastic food and great service!! Love it here and will come back next time I'm visiting!Had Valentine's dinner on the patio and a most romantic setting ever. Our server was absolutely amazing. Our dinner was even better. And the surroundings or entertainingI love this place! The best filet mignon I've ever had! The food is wonderful and the servers extremely helpful. I have certain food intolerances and the servers are great ensuring you get the food you want while working around the allergies/intolerances. 

I went to Mon Ami's last year just to check it out. I enjoyed it so much we went back to Vegas this year primarily for Mon Ami's!I absolutely love this restaurant! My friends and I came here during a trip to Vegas last year for breakfast/brunch and it was delicious! As well, the service is always impeccable! The waiters and waitresses have been very courteous and always come to check on you to make your experience great. Recently, my boyfriend and I returned twice during our trip, once for breakfast and once for dinner and it just keeps getting better! I love the escargot, the eggs benedict, and their freshly baked bread. It's not very cheap but not that pricey as well! I'd say the prices are moderate. During the day (if not on a hot day) it is very nice to sit outside and watch the fountain show across the street at the Bellagio and soak in the sun. During the evening it is romantically lit with a very nice ambiance. I will definitely return during another trip to Vegas!Definitely coming back and sooo recommendable!! Took the boyfriend here for his birthday dinner date and everything was spectacular :D! Got a reservation for 6:45 and since we wanted to sit outside, we waited for just about 5 minutes to be seated at the patio.! Such a great view of the Bellagio and perfect way for people watching :D  They gave us some bread and butter and delicious carrot slaw!! We started out with escargot, and since we're both first timers, we didn't know what to expect. but it was delicious!!! Waaaay delicious than we thought! HAHA. The steaks were perfect and the service was also perfect. We ended our meal with the bread pudding and it's the perfect way to end the meal.!!This place is so authentic. I couldn't read half the menu cause it was written in French so you know this place had to be good. Since I couldn't read half the menu I just chose some random dish which ended up to be salmon tartare. That salmon was so fresh it tasted like came straight from France itself. Place is kinda pricey but they give you free bread. Would come again.I loved their French Onion Soup it was amazing!!!! Everyone who is visiting Las VEgas should definitely come here for breakfast!!!!The ambiance of the restaurant brought me to an experience one would feel at a Parisian cafe with the beautiful decor, natural sunlight, and French music. So anyways, i took the waiter's suggestion on the breakfast special which was the crepe with the caramelized pineapples. Oh Lord, out comes something I didn't expect. It was an open crepe, the size of my plate, looked a little fried but still was soft in some parts, filled with caramelized pineapples. C'mon now! And then, the creme fresh or whipped creme had little specks of vanilla bean in it and was served in a cute syrup dispenser on the side. 

Even my son's green beans were done beautifully. Now that's when you know you're in a special place. Thank you for the experience!We sat outside.  Its a must breakfast restaurant in las Vegas. Beautiful scenery and food was fantastic. Our waiter tim was awesome. I can go on and  on but just try it and see it show yourself. Very romantic place.Came here for my birthday, honestly im writing this review some weeks after so i dont remember the names of what we ordered. 

The restaurant is dinmed, very intimate, and if your lucky youll get a view of the bellagio fountain so you can enjoy it. Our serve was ok, he wasnt as attentive as i wouldve liked, spent many times needing something and he wasnt there.

Now on to the most important part, the food.
We both ordered steaks. Again i dont remember the names however they were delicious. I remember it melted like butter. 

For dessert we got a chocolate mousse which was OK, wish it had a crunch element for texture. And we also got a plate of strawberries with sour cream ice cream which was really good, i enjoyed the ice cream it was different.Had the seafood platter for dinner and it was delicious. The shrimps cocktail were huge and the lobster were fresh. Love to try other stuff next time
I am there in Vegas. Kudos to the seafood buyer.********************* 1301 **********************

    I come to Las Vegas so often that the local thought I live here. Not sure if that a good sign :-) Regardless, my parents love this chain Mon Ami Gabi French Bistro. For an afternoon snack, with the view of the Bellagio Water Fountain and perfect spot of watching drunk people and ladies that spend a lot of money to look like hoes in Vegas. 

   You can always order these classic dishes and it's consistent every single time. 

- The Country Pate - cornichons, warm toast, delicious.

- Escargots - classic over roasted garlic butter, just works every time. 

- Smoked Salmon

- Classic Quiche Lorraine - bacon, cheese, caramelized onion, so good. 

- Mussels Mariniere - white wine and hers, always a hit! 

   Service was always good and efficient, we love the patio tables best.A fun place for people watching, great food. Sit outside if you can get a day under 105 degrees and watch the Bellagio fountains!NOTE: This review is only for breakfast.

Beautiful indoor and outdoor patio seating makes this a perfect setting for a nice and relaxing breakfast or brunch. Their eggs benedict and florentine are incredibly tasty with surprisingly decent prices.

I've only been here twice for breakfast, so I have yet to experience this place for dinner. So far both times there was no wait or reservation needed since it was outside of the normal waking hours of the Vegas crowd.I don't know why it has taken me so long to write a review of this amazing consistent restaurant in Vegas.  We have spent many amazing dinners and many amazing brunches at Mon Ami Gabi, and it never disappoints in anyway.  While it now would be considered a bit older - we were staying at cosmopolitan hotel, and for old time sake - we wanted to go to Mon Ami... we were shocked that it is still 5 star all the way, and the escargot and steak frittes were as good as ever.  At the end of the 4 day trip of all the 5 star restaurants we went to, (including Gordon Ramsey's, and Mesa, etc.  and several at the Cosmo), this is still one of our favorite in Las Vegas.  Awesome, and thank you!Yep!  This place has excellent menu options, very good food, and a great location. Breakfast is even better than dinner!i had the warm chicken and brie sandwich.  it was AWESOME!!  the husband had steak frites, which he also loved.  we sat outside for lunch and it was a great ambiance.  my only complaint was the waitress....she kinda made fun of me when i accidentally spilled water and mentioned something about me needing a sippy cup.  yeah, funny, but don't really like being teased by my waitress about something that was already humiliating enough.  anyways....i would totally eat here again! =)My boyfriend and I went here for lunch, we both got the pulled pork sandwich, it was good but different from your typical pulled pork. Service was great, food quality was great,
Prices were very reasonable being Vegas (our sandwiches were like $14 each), we got in and out pretty quick and it was big enough that I wrapped half.Absolutely our go to place for breakfast. The food is amazing, and eating outside on the patio on the strip is awesome. The service and people are very friendly and top notch!
Just visited one of our favorite restaurants again today and have to say that it is consistently top notch. The food is awesome!! Never disappoints with food or service.Smoked salmon was the best.  I found the quiche fluffy and delicate. Everything we ordered was fantastic. Definitely make reservations ahead of time. So nice just to walk in and be seated right away. I will definitely come back again.7/4/13  Dinner

My third time dining at Mon Ami Gabi doesn't disappoint. For a French steak restaurant on the Strip, this place offers great food at a great value. My party of 4 arrived promptly for 6:30pm reservation. Surprisingly we were offered the option of indoor dining or the patio outside overlooking Bellagio fountain across the street. Patio is usually first come-first serve but on a 108F day we just didn't feel like eating outside. Plus all the hustle-and-bustle on the street.

Server was friendly, ready to make cocktail suggestion. Despite being very busy for 4th of July, service was not pushy at all. We spent almost a cocktail's time looking over the big menu, which features grain-fed Mid-West beef.

*Paris Romance ($12): a rum base cocktail with a tinge of lemoncello. 
*Grey Goose Cosmopolitan ($14): just the way I like it, a slightly more vodka compared to cranberry juice, fresh lime (there's pulp) a beautiful pink

Our table goes for beef since this is a classic French bistro specializes in meat.

*Chicken Liver Mousse Pate ($10.95): the tangy red wine mustard goes really well with the very creamy liver spread on warm toast. It really set the mood of dinner for the evening.

*Filet Mignon Merlot ($34.95): very tender, almost like Wagyu, beef seared to a medium-rare pink, with a butter/red wine reduction. I've had Harris's filet mignon and loved it. But Mon Ami Gabi is just as juicy, and every bite of meat is "even." This is one of the best filet mignon I have had. The handcut frites are warm crispy, with the texture of sliced potato chips. They give you so many that I couldn't finish.

*Steak Classique ($24.95): a slimmer cut sirloin steak served with house-special herb butter. My BF also had it medium rare and it was pink like mine. He did better with the frites and licked the plate clean.

*Steak Au Poivre ($25.95): probably the strongest tasting steak on our table, served with a brandy peppercorn sauce. Our dining companion also opted her sirloin medium rare. I was very impressed at the overall consistency in how their meat was prepared here. 

*Prime Cheeseburger ($12.95): with blue cheese. This is a Mon Ami Gabi's classic and they charge the same price as for lunch. Medium cooked beef patty served on a brioche bun. Instead of fries, my dining companion got French green beans on the side. 

We concluded the meal with warm chocolate torte and assorted sorbet. The whole experience---food, service, drinks, and decor, is top-notch but you pay decent prices for it. It's one of the best value on the Strip. Make sure you have a reservation. I always have dinner here when I'm in Vegas.Booked a reservation here for 7:30 on a Thursday night and was surprised we still had to wait in line... nonetheless - it moved fairly quickly and we were seated with a cozy table on the inside corner of the main dining room.  

My date and I ordered the warm brie for an appetizer and though he bit into a large (sexy) piece of garlic on first bite, we both agreed that the flavor was incredible.  I greedily slurped down the soup du jour - a carrot/ginger combination that went down like baby food - and ordered the filet mignon au poivre for my main course.  To die for.  The meat was cooked to order and I was only saddened that I couldn't finish because I was so full!  He had the NY strip prepared with carmelized onion and red wine sauce - and it too was amazing.  Both meats were served with the best hand-cut frites I've ever tasted... both crunchy and soft, flavored and oh so yummy... I'd go back just for those.  

We shared a bottle of Cotes Du Rhone and skipped dessert because we'd made reservations upstairs for Pistachio Souffle at the Eiffel. 

Excellent meal.  Romantic night setting.  Could have been the company, but I'd definitely return.So nice to eat here during the summer to have a nice dinner sitting outside in the warm weather.  Although make sure to eat dinner on the later side so you don't burn up in the sun!  Be prepared to wait a while for an outside table so just because you make a reservation does not mean they will give you an outside table.  You will still have to wait for that.  The food is pretty good but I think the ambiance is what makes this a nice spot for an outdoor dinner.Delicious food! Service was incredible, well orchestrated and very friendly. Our server was incredible and had great recommendations about the food and drink selection. The patio is really nice and a great place to people watch while having an incredible dinning experience.Wow! What a pleasant surprise! On the strip. This French restaurant does the French classics extremely well. Started with the steal tartare which was delightful. Followed with the French onion soup and then the lobster roll. All delicious. Service was really good. Sat on the outside patio where you can't beat the people watching. Their house champagne was lovely.My absolute favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. It is authentic French food and come hungry! You can't go wrong with anything you order from the menu. I highly recommend the country pate, open BLT sandwhich, brie cheese with honey, waffles, steak tartare and the frites. The mimosas aren't bad either. 

Come here for breakfast, lunch, or dinner and everything is delicious but make sure you sit on the patio--that's where it's at and the wait for a seat is totally worth it. You sit right across the Bellagio fountains and get to people watch while having a scrumptous French meal.I love this place! I've only eaten brunch here but it was perfect. Can't wait to try it for dinner! The extra wait for patio sitting is worth it!Service was awesome and amazing seat placement for my group for my friend's bday dinner. We sat by the terrace overlooking the bellagio fountain, which was also amazing. We are locals here, and as a local--mon ami is one of the go-to places for a wonderful time with quality grade food. I had the escargo and delicious mix of their own version to the Moscow mule, and I definitely recommend both! It's a great place to mix pleasure and business and a whole lotta fun!friendly people and delicious food, super satisfied!!Great service and better food! Sit out on the patio. It's a great place for breakfast, lunch, or just grabbing a glass of wine. Our afternoon lunch was probably the best part of our trip!This upscale restaurant is located in the Paris hotel and their elevated outdoor patio gives you a prime view of the Bellagio fountain show.  It was too cold outside for our liking though and we were seated in their sun room area.

Sunday Brunch offers a Bloody Mary bar which my girlfriend and I dared to try.  While fun, we both now appreciate a good bartender more than before.

The steak and "frites" I ordered medium came out medium well but I devoured it still.  It being a French restaurant,  I decided to try their escargot...and although it was fine, there is plenty more I'd rather eat instead.  

Expect to drop $100 for two if you care to have more than just water.We came here for dinner on a sat night.  7girls. Our reservations were @ 845pm but they were running 15mins bhind.  We were on a time limit due to the fact we had to be at another place at a certain time.  
The manager was really accomodating and let us put in our order so by the time we sat down to our table our food would be out right away.
I ordered the grilled chicken (portion was huge, so i shared it) and the scallops.  I highly recommend the scallops!!! They just melted in my mouth.  Though the serving is quite small, its worth it.  
Waiter was prompt and knew we had to leave.  
It was one of the best 20min dinner i've ever had! hahaha
thanks for the awesome service!I love this restaurant, great food and beautiful ambiance, my hubby and I like to stop in for a bowl of the french onion soup, some appetizers and wine, sit outside and watch the Bellagio Fountains which are right across, the ambiance is beautiful and you can't beat the view. The soup is delicious and very authentic. It feels fancy but not stuck up and the food and service are consistently good. They also offer a nice wine menu.If you love people watching and breakfast this is a decent spot. I'm deducting one star due to our very nice but not very good server. Questions like "would you like your bacon inside your omelette". I know I'm not in New York anymore but isn't that the definition of an omelette. 

Other observations

My wife order an espresso, server brings out  a cappuccino. My wife likes both so we let it go.

Wife order egg white omelette, plate comes out with regular eggs, sent back.

Wife orders milk, comes out in a small cup that I'm pretty sure was threw up on by a child. Or somebody thought we needed grits for our espresso or cappuccino or whatever was on table.

So, finally, foods all in place, omelettes, hot beverages, orange juice, croissants, banana muffins. Everything delicious, food was so good that I wanted to order additional muffins and whatever hot beverage my server selected for me.

Here she comes walking to the table, what is that odd shaped book in her hand, can't be the check, she never asked if there is anything else we would need.

Yup, check. (Face palm)

To wrap it up. Food good, waitress bad, people watching good, tipped her well anyway cause everybody's gotta eat.Fabulous lunch and fabulous server, Suzanne. This is always a top-notch dining experience.4.2 stars.

If you're going to come here, be sure to get a seat outside (if it's nice outside) or a seat by the window. You'll have a good view of the Bellagio fountain. Also, if you're at a good table, you'll have a good place to people-watch because the restaurant itself is on a prime location on the Vegas strip. If this place is expensive to you, then it's probably because of the location of the restaurant.

As far as food, all I got was the Onion Soup and the Escargot. The Onion Soup was good but I've had better Escargot. The free bread they provide was also pretty tasty.

Overall, my experience here was good and I'd come back, especially since it's a central location on a strip and the food is good.

Lastly, our server was kind of creepy.Upon entering Mon Ami Gabi, there were two lines - one with reservations and one without reservations. The hostess gave us the option to sit inside or outside. I liked how the restaurant had tall ceiling and big chandeliers. Despite the two building alarms that went off during our dinner before the Jersey Boys show, the food was excellent. After sitting down for 10-15 minutes, there was a confusion who was our server since no one came to our table. 

After we ordered, our server brought us a white paper bag with a warm baguette and a dish of butter. 

Guest #1 ordered a Lentil Soup and Endive and Blue Cheese Salad. The Lentil Soup (Soup of the Day) consisted of lentil and herb purée.  The Endive and Blue Cheese Salad consisted of endive, greens, blue cheese, warm bartlett pears, and toasted walnuts.

Guest #2 ordered an Onion Soup Au Gratin and Trout Amandine. The French Onion soup consisted of beef broth with onions, bread, and melted gruyere cheese served in a bowl over a dish with a paper dolly on it. The Trout Amandine consisted of a pan seared, crispy trout topped with brown butter and almonds. It was served with steamed green beans and a preserved lemon. He was surprised there was no additional sauce.    

Guest #3 ordered the Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad which consisted of spinach, diced avocado, sun dried cranberries, and walnuts tossed in a citrus dressing.

Guest #4 ordered Caramelized Sea Scallops which consisted of 4 tender, chewy, possibly a little rare sea scallops caramelized in maple syrup. It was served with broiled crispy brussels sprouts served over butternut squash purée.

Guest #5 was quite adventurous when he was game for the Skate Wing. For those of you that don't know what a Skate Wing is, it's a fish belonging to the stingray family. It came with caper lemon spaetzle, roasted cauliflower and brown butter. It was the most delicious dish of the night.

We finished our meal with a Creme Brûlée and a Caramelized Pineapple Crepe. The Creme Brûlée was a vanilla flavored egg custard with a caramelized sugar coat. The Caramelized Pineapple Crepe was a warm crepe with coconut cream on the inside. It was topped with caramelized pineapple  
and drizzled with caramel sauce.This is my go to place for the last 12 years, consistent with their dishes and amazing wine selection.For my large groups of 150 or more to my family dinners consisting of 6 ppl, the food tastes exactly the same. Great prices for a strip restaurant. must have appitizer Liver Mousse Pate, and steak bordelaise is my favorite. When it's a diet free day I'll ask for roquefort sauce for my pomme frittes. Best dish on their Plats Du Jour is the Beef Wellington. (Was on Thursdays, now on Sundays) 

TIP-
**If you haven't tried the Shrimp Gabi appitizer, you can still order it. Even though its been off the menu for years***This was a breakfast event.  

I had the corned beef hash breakfast.  Not what I thought.  It was separate corned beef AND hash browns.  Oh well, both were delicious, right amount of seasoning.  The poached eggs, for my taste, was a bit overcooked.  We also ordered the Country Style Pate and although it was still morning, they were very accommodating and were able to prepare the dish for us.  It could have been more to room temperature but nevertheless it was delicious over the country toast slathered with mustard.  The cornichons and pickled pearl onions added to the dish as it cut the fatty richness of the pate.

Good service, good environment and would definitely like to try the other dishes, but so many more restaurants to visit and my stomach ain't that big.Love Mon Ami Gabi!  It's such an adorable place to dine while in Vegas.  If the weather is nice, it's a great to dine outside and people watch like o where else in the world. 
LOVE the Duck Confit appetizer.  That's my main memory of food here.  Last trip was a big party and everyone got steaks but they all came out looking about the same.  Interesting look to their large, flat steaks, but taste pretty good.
Servers are good, food is yummy, and you can't beat the location and the energy!Excellent breakfast place. One of the best "Benedict eggs" on the strip. It guess busy, but it is worth the way. Great service and one of the best views on the Strip. We come again.I had the Filet Merlot, Medium-Rare paired with a glass of their Malbec. 

The restaurant had a great ambience, and the wait staff was able to handle the crowds effectively. I was surprised they were able to handle our party of approximately 20 people. Outstanding!

The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because the quality of steak. I have had greater filets in the heart of cattle country back home in Oklahoma. Overall, the restaurant was very good.Outstanding dinner last night with husbande and two teenage boys.  The french onion soup was great as were our steaks.  Our boys really enjoyed the baked goat cheese appetizer and I loved the the skate wing.

Great service too.  We waited about 20 minutes to sit inside around 9:00 p.m.Great food for the price.

I had the roast chicken since I wasn't hungry enough for steak.  Good, not great. Cook perfectly!

French Onion soup was so-so.

Steaks are cut thin so dont expect anything thick and juicy but the flavors were great (sample from friends).

The Liver mousse and event he free carrot salad for the bread was great!  Don't fill up on the bread as its very hard to stop eating it!This place is a must on a nice, sunny Vegas afternoon - patio seating right on LV Blvd! And the scallops sauteed in caramelized onion sauce is def. a MUST!! Sooo good!! Their seafood crepe, chic liver pate and sandwiches are good too, along with their real potato fries!Definitely a fan of this place! We picked this place due to the yelp reviews. The steak was great! I had the hangar steak and the hubby had the Steak diane. He loved mine more than his. I didn't really care for his, it was very tough and not much flavor. The ambiance of sitting out on the patio, watching the bellagio fountain was amazing. The wine selection was good. We enjoyed a very romantic night here. Make reservations. We waited around 2 hours for a table.Went here on a busy Saturday night with two girlfriends. Made the reservation at 4pm that same day and we were seated right away with a glorious view of the Bellagio fountain. 

The service was phenomenal. Our waiter was friendly and funny, very knowledgeable, but knew when to give us our space. Everything came out hot and delicious and without too much of a wait. AND we all found it completely reasonable, especially compared to the rest of what's on the Strip.

I had the scallops, which were divine. Perfect and savory. My friends had a steak and a fish dish, respectively. We were all quite happy with our choices. We also loved the fresh bread and whipped butter. So classy. So French! 

Each of us loved our food, but more importantly, the experience was wonderful. We can't wait to go back!Loved this dinner and location. MUST wait for a patio seat (about a half hour) completely worth it! We don't recommend the artichoke. But other than that, three different steaks, soup, and desserts = delicious. Service was excellent and the patio view was the best! Out of all the many places in vegas; this is my number one recommendation.I am sadly removing a star from what would have been a 5 star experience for the "host" situation. We arrived for brunch after driving and parking and walking all the way across the resort. There were empty tables all over the place, but when we said "party of 2" we were told there was a 30-40 minute wait. The patio was packed, as was the back room inside, so maybe they didn't have enough staff to cover all the tables, but that is unacceptable in my book. This is Vegas. You will get busy. Hire some people. We ended up getting lucky and finding a few seats at the bar. We ordered brunch and drinks there. I had the chicken & brie crepes and my husband ordered the lemon pancakes. We ate half and switched in between. Both were so delicious and believe it or not a good combination. The bartender was very good and hilarious. We almost walked away when we were told there was a long wait, but I'm glad we didn't. I wonder how much business they lose because of this? We have a few restaurants in Dallas that try to always "be on a wait" to give the impression that they are so popular that there is always a wait. I sincerely hope that is not what they were doing. It would be a shame because the food alone removes any need for pretension.This review is in regards to breakfast. 

I'm a local living close to the strip and this is my favorite place to go for breakfast here in Vegas. The quality of the food per the price is just fantastic. Their breakfast menu is decent and the daily special(s) never disappoint. I've yet to have a sub par meal! I love sitting outside as the sun rises; it's a very peaceful taste of the strip.

Pro-tip: if it's a rough morning, the large latte is 3 shots of espresso and served in a bowl!

Yesterday's meal wooed me enough to finally write my first review, ever. I couldn't decide between the 2 daily specials so I got a half order of each. (They can split anything on the breakfast menu except the waffles.)

First, I had the "skinny pancakes" aka lemon brushed caramelized crepes with vanilla poached pears, seared figs, and fresh whipped cream. It was literally to die for!!

Second, I had the crab cake eggs benedict with hash browns and they were amazing! Eggs benedict is my go-to breakfast order and any of the eggs benedict here never disappoint!This just might be my new favorite restaurant in Vegas!  We came here for lunch, after reading so many great reviews, and were not disappointed.  I wish I was hungrier because so many things looked so good, but I only had the French Onion soup, which was really good.  My husband had the chicken and brie sandwich, which was awesome.  We'll definitely be back!Good times... prices decent, good for groups, friendly servers, prompt hosts... 

Now for the food... it was a pretty good steak... i ordered the NY with pomme frites med rare... Came out juuuust right... the meat was tender for a NY and flavorful. My friend oredered the filet mignon and that was even more tender, though hers was maybe a tiny teeny bit on the rare side.. but still really good and rather rare then over cooked! 

The mussels were great too!... lovely sauce and really fresh mussels. I can be picky about the freshness of mussels but it was great that night! Our whold group was very happy with their dinners.After listening to a friend rave about Mon Ami Gabi I decided to get a group of friends together to see what all the fuss was about.

I called about 2 weeks in advance to make a reservation, they explained that it wouldn't be a problem and that everyone must be there to be seated. HIGHLY RECOMMEND MAKING A RESERVATION. 

Their menu is brief but lots of good choices and their wine and alcohol menu had great choices as well. They start you off with large baguettes and butter also comes with this magnificent pickled beet spread. I ordered their French onion soup and warm goat cheese salad. The soup was very good but had TONS of cheese and the salad was also very good. Everyone else I was with ordered some sort of steak and all of their plates were cleaned off. 

The bill came to $230 for seven people including alcoholic drinks and an appetizer. It was a great place for a group dinner and very reasonable for the price.First I must say the service here is outstanding. I had the steak with frites. The steak was a sirloin full of flavor and tender. It was thin but took up most of my plate. The frites were good, almost like a potato chip. Cream of mushroom soup was very good but wish it was hotter. My husband had french onion soup and said it was excellent. He ordered tuna and it was cooked properly but he didn't like the pink and returned it to be cooked longer. It took a long time to return but it came back the way he wanted it and he said it was good. Here's where service at this restaurant outshines others; even though it wasn't the restaurants fault because my husband didn't specify he wanted it his tuna cooked differently, our server felt very bad for the delay and gave him a delicious complimentary dessert! I was almost done with my lunch by the time he got his and this gesture guarantees we will be back. Service is outstanding here and the dessert made my husband's day!Such a neat atmosphere. Lighting is rather dark and I saw many older people asking for flashlights to read the menu. They were very accommodating for my mother who has several food allergies. The bacon dressing was very greasy and became a lardy mess after a few minutes of sitting and cooling.Sofia is the best hostess there! Such a beautiful view and their food is amazing! Try the goat cheese dip, I didn't think I even liked goat cheese but I couldn't stop eating it!Hubby got steak & frites, I got scallop. Both entrees are good. Walked in at noon on Sunday & were seated within less than 5minutes in patioMy wife and I went there for dinner Saturday night and I must say it was the best meal we had during our stay in Las Vegas. Wanting the very best we could afford, we returned to Mon Ami Gabi because of a great experience we had there a few years ago and we certainly were not disappointed. Our service, food, wine, etc., was exceptional. I highly recommend it for a couple looking for a special occasion.Dined here for the first time last Saturday morning, for breakfast.  It was lovely and I will surely visit again on a future Vegas trip.  Oddly I must say that the more memorable part of a very nice meal was the wheat toast that accompanied my breakfast eggs and bacon.  The toast was very thickly sliced from rustic bread.  It was off the charts good.  Service was excellent and the room was pleasant and sunlit on a sunny but chilly morning on the Strip.I may not been to Paris yet, but dining at Mon Ami Gabi on a lovely night was close enough. Situated with a front row view to Bally's famous water show across the street, my friends and I treated ourselves to a night of great food and company before heading over to the club. 

We made reservations and were seated promptly outside after we requested for a patio table. The atmosphere was lively and bustling and the water show coming on every 15 minutes gave the restaurant a romantic ambiance. Service could not have been better, as our waiter was extremely kind and accommodating enough to run down to grab band-aids for some of us girls who had gotten blisters a little early from our evil high heels. 

For starters, I just had to have the famous French onion soup. I haven't been able to find the perfect French onion soup for a while now, so trying it at an authentic French restaurant seemed like the right place. It came served in a generously deep bowl with plenty of melted cheese brimming on top. Sweet and savory with slivers of caramelized onions and cheese in every sip, I just had to share this with my girl friends. They all had plenty of fun dipping our complimentary bread in the soup. 

For my entree, I'm actually not a huge steak fan so I didn't end up getting the steak, which is what this restaurant is famous for. And I'm sad to say that I slightly regret it. I had the Caramelized Sea Scallops and while they were scrumptious, I have to say that five pieces of medium sized scallops just wasn't enough. It came with some sugar snap peas and carrots on the side but it would have been nice if it came with either another side or a larger portion to round it off. 

The frites (fries) were amazing though, and I would've ordered any of the Steak Frites dishes just to have these. Now if you're familiar with In-n-Out, you know those tiny, crispy slivers of potatoes that are too small to be considered actual fries that happen to taste like potato chips? Try having your entire portion of fries exactly like this! Now that is a dream come true. 

A great alternative for good eating if you don't feel like overstuffing your face at the many buffets on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi is the place to go.Very good and consistent food. We go to Vegas about three times a year and always go to Mon Ami Gabi for lunch. Service is always attentive and efficient. I would recommend this place highly. Great mussels in a white wine garlic sauce, crepes, steak and frittes, burgers, salads and sandwiches. Great place to people watch, if you are lucky enough to get a seat outside. A good bonus is that you can watch the fountains at Bellagio across the street. Give it a try, you will be glad you did!Excellent food. 
Our group of 4 ordered the chilled seafood platter, the Merlot (steak), the Bordelaise (steak) asparagus, green beans, cheese cake, raspberry crumble, and bananas fosters crepe. Everything was SO GOOD. 

The seafood platter had oysters on half-shell, which we were a little worried about (since we are in the desert ), but they were fresh and perfect. The steaks came out so tender and flavorful. And the cheesecake! Scrumptious. It's made with goat cheese and is light and refreshing. (If you are not into goat cheese then never mind). 

Our waiter was very friendly and attentive, gave us a great recommendation for wine which we throughly enjoyed. All in all, a perfect meal.

The restaurant was crowded and a little loud. If you are bothered by other tables being close to you it might be problematic ;)Came on a perfect spring day.. not too hot or cold and in the shade for dinner.  This is after we realized we should skip the horrible Bellagio buffet full of crap these days.  I would request to sit outside.. it's a 10 minute longer wait but it's well worth it.  We sat on the balcony across the street from the Bellagio.  You'll be sure to catch the fountain show while dining.

The diver scallops were really good.  Coming up next would be the mussels.. a good choice as well.  The pork shoulder was just okay... not the most tender but good for the price.  The fries.. well, I wouldn't really call them fries.  They are better at Bouchon.  The service is excellent... we told them we needed to leave within an hour to catch the O show and they made sure it happened.

The patio view alone is worth going.. not too sure how bad the heat is in the summer though.Being an out of towner the dining choices in Vegas is overwhelming, but you probably can't go wrong with Mon Ami Gabi. 

Met with a friend who lives in Vegas and is a total Vegas insider and he recommended this place and we were not disappointed. Let's start with the awesome setting. You have a front row seat of the Bellagio fountain show if you opt for outdoor seating. Now let's talk about the food. The food was fresh, delicious and well presented. Lastly, the prices were very reasonable and the service was great. I'm really happy I gave this place a try, will come back again when in the area.Great Sunday morning breakfast. 

We normally like going to the Paris buffet but with the cost for sunday brunch around $30 now we thought our money was better spent on smaller cheaper dishes. We got there around 9:30ish and got seated outside right away. Not 10 minutes later there was a line waiting for tables outside.

We shared the cornbeef hash with poached eggs, which was very good, but having it served in a bowl-ish pooled up the oil in the dish. The wife got the bacon/chocolate waffles which is by far more tasty than a crepe. Served with syrup, fresh whip cream, and chocolate sauce.

All very tasty and all for around 1 entrance into the buffet.Loved sitting in the Dining Room instead of outside. It was my Birthday and we were dressed up for an evening out. The restaurant is beautiful and the seating was very European with the tables close to each other. We ordered the house "Gabitini" and they were lovely but very pricey. We started off with the Escargot and it was Garlicky and Buttery just like we like it. I ordered the Bone-in Ribeye Med-Rare but it came out Medium. I sent it back and they fired up a new one that was cooked perfectly. The Quality of the Beef was not very good so I cannot recommend it for the price. I wanted a glass of wine with my steak and our server made a couple of recommendations and poured us samples from the wine cart. Her suggestions were perfect and we went with a Cabernet Franc. Hubby ordered the Sole with Spinach and New Potatoes. He said it was the best Sole he had ever had. All in all, it was a lovely dinner and I would not hesitate to return!Came here on a Thursday afternoon, my party of two waited about 15 min for a patio seat. The patio seats are highly coveted since they are great for people watching, but terrible for sun burns and flies.  Located on the strip at Paris, across from the Bellagio fountains, this restaurant features a fancy decor inside/more lax on the patio, moderately priced items, and delicious food. 

-chicken and brie sandwich: with caramelized onions and green apple slices, came with their flat salty fries and a mini salad, this sandwich was very very good. Not heavy at all. The combination was divine. 
-grilled cheese duck confit: also came with their flat salty fries, mini salad, a berry/ginger fruit compote. This was very heavy and greasy. The sweet compote is a must add to the salty duck. Overall good, but definitely share this dish as a whole sandwich would be too much, unless of course you plan on just lazying around for an hour or two after. 
-free birthday dessert: puff roll with a hefty scoop of vanilla ice cream inside, drizzled with chocolate sauce. good. can't complain about free. 
-marquis de la tour champagne: light, bubbly, fun. 

I'd come back for the breakfast and their french onion soup, just to see what all the fuss is about. Til next time.Love it!! We have eaten here around 6 times and it has always been wonderful. Do not miss it on your next trip to Las Vegas.Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite stop in Vegas for breakfast/brunch. Sitting on the patio on a beautiful day with an order their delicious egg Florentine is simply wonderful. Another favorite of mine is the chicken, apple & Brie Crepe, it is so delicious!!  Fantastic food and stellar service, what more can you ask for in a restaurant? If you haven't been there yet then you better get going.Awesome breakfast.  Was going to sit outside but street noise wasn't great so we sat in greenhouse area.  Wonderful service and the food was delicious.Wandered into this place after being in the desert for 8 days. It was quite the culture shock: mostly the food wasn't freeze dried and was delicious! We got there around 7:00 and had no problem getting a table. Now, the food was pretty good and I'll get to that in a second. But first we need to address why this place doesn't get 5 stars. It has to do with the fact that we had 3 different servers who were kind of difficult to track down. I know, it's nit-picky, but our first server whispered in a thick french accent, our second server wasn't sure what the first had told us or taken as an order, and the third didn't speak at all. 

Beyond that, however, the food was tres magnifique! (Apologies to francophiles if I misspelled any of that...) We started with the baked goat cheese which came with a stunning crispy yet soft herb bread. Then, shocker of all evening, my "burger and fries" boyfriend ordered a steak, and ordered it medium rare! (We're talking about a "everything should be well-done thank you very much," kind of guy here, so you should be shocked, too!) He got the steak roquefort  (bleu cheese sauce) and ate pretty much the whole thing. I ordered the Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onions red wine reduction) and ate pretty much all of it. (Ok, you caught me. I ate the whole thing. It was tasty. And I regret nothing.)

In addition, there are two other noteworthy items: 1) St. Germain +champagne cocktails = baaaannnnggggiiiinnng; 2) while there were multiple servers working our table, not one of them made an attempt to rush out. We got to linger over every course which, again, was freaking wonderful after rush rush travel travel we had endured for the last 24 hrs. 

Overall, I highly recommend this little spot in Paris Las Vegas.   

And seriously, get the St. Germain-tasty-nectar-of-the-gods-in-a-very-formal-french-way cocktail. You'll love it. I think. Or you should. Whatever, just try the steak ok? I know you won't regret that.Great patio for people watching.  Food very nice as was our server both worthy of going back to. As a matter of fact , will do this in May. Looking forward to.I love this place!  C'est super delicieux!  Despite the recent openings of many great restaurants in Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is still one of my favorite restaurants in Sin City.  The place is always packed so make sure you have reservations and definitely sit at the outdoor patio to enjoy a great view of the strip and Bellagio's water show.  Their moules frites and steak frites are delicious.  Their cocktails are awesome too but if you don't drink, fret not, you'll also walk out french fries wasted since almost every entree comes with fries lolz.  Definitely try this restaurant out if you haven't yet.Great rooms, efficient service and good food, especially breakfast on the patio in good weather....BLOODY MARY BAR!!!Second time to eat here, first time for lunch which was very good, interesting choices, had a turkey, ham & bacon on gluten-free bread which was very good, especially the bread.  Second time for breakfast, had a mushroom, Gouda cheese & bacon omelet and the great tasting gluten-free toasted bread.  
Very good service.Great little restaurant. My girlfriends and I went here on a Friday night for a bachelorette party and it was perfection. We did have to wait for a table even though we had a reservation but the view of the Bellagio fountains was stunning, the temperature was great, the food was amazing but the service was the best of the weekend. I would highly recommend this place to a friend. For the very reasonable price I don't know why anyone wouldn't check it out.Good selection of wine, I had their Fillet Mignon, several bottles of wine, and a nice Sorbet desert.

Their food is very tasty (Too many fries, would love to see other side dishes "included"), and it is right across from the Bellagio so you can see the water shows from your table.

Overall, it was a great experience, the lighting is very dark and moody so great for intimate dinners, and the fountain show always adds something to the experience.I love this place!!!! Hands down the best steak sandwich ever!!! I come here every time I go to Vegas!!! I love love love the frites? I think that's what they call the french fries that come with the sandwich? They are so thin and crunchy!!!! It's like a nice crisp taste not like the extremely hard and crunchy taste where you feel like your teeth are at a disadvantage.... 
I also had the open faced crab salad sandwich!! Loved it as well!! I went on a limb with this one because this place is a steak house... everything with steak should be delicious!... I came here for dinner once with the bf and he ordered the filet mignon.... Omg!!!! It was freakin butter!!! I love this place!!!!This is the place to go if you want to relax and enjoy the sites. I want to try everything on their menu. We had their Brie with roasted almonds and garlic, I love it so much that I actually learned how to make it at home. The trout was very good, but my favorite is the Braised Lamb Shank. 

Looking forward to visiting this place soon.Definitely a fan of Mon Ami Gabi. 

After an underwhelming  trip to a different French restaurant in Vegas about a month ago, I was psyched to get another chance to get my steak + frites fix and Mon Ami Gabi didn't disappoint.

French onion soup - beyond delicious. Bone-in rib eye with Bearnaise - now THAT is what steak should taste like. It came out more medium rare than medium, which is fine by me. Perfectly seasoned and wonderfully flavorful. The sauce was rich and delicious as well.

For sides we went with the garlic spinach, which was honestly just kind of "m'eh", but the pureed cauliflower was awesome.  

No room for dessert, though I'm sure it would have been great. 

Definitely a place to hit up in Vegas - Mon Ami Gabi has great ambiance, service and really reasonable (by Vegas standards) prices. Winner.We came here during my anniversary weekend. We made last minute dinner reservations and were pleasantly surprised by the dark, Parisian bistro type atmosphere. 

Coming with the breadbasket, they have a small dish of shaved carrot salad. I loved how different it was from the normal fare and enjoyed it immensely. 

As an entree, I had the cold seafood platter. It was plentifully packed with 2 types of shrimp, oysters, and a whole lobster. The lobster was plump and did not lose its flavor. 

The server introduced me to a great white wine. She didn't make me feel dumb for being a wine neophyte, which I liked. 

We enjoyed our time at Mon Ami Gabi. As is in Paris, we sat relatively close to other patrons, but that added to the ambience
(and aided in people watching)Great service, perfect ambiance, food was amazing, AND prices were the most fair of any other place I've seen on the strip! Will DEFINITELY be coming back every time I go to Vegas!I have been here many times and have never had a bad experience...well, there was the short ribs...  No matter, I LOVE this place.  If you've been to the Strip, you know the prices, but this place is pretty moderate and the food is always top notch.  I always get the baked goat cheese app - so yummy.  I've had most of the other menu items, most recently, the snapper special......which had a browned butter and corn sauce over it which knocked me socks off.  Also had steak tartare for the first time. I may be spoiled from having it here, but, oh my, delicious!  Our waitress was funny and fantastic too, wish I remembered her name.  Pigtails....you know who you are :)God, I love this place. They do no wrong in my eyes. We eat here at least once every time we come to Vegas and I am never disappointed. They go out of their way to offer many gluten free options and even bring out freshly toasted GF bread and butter to your table. The waitstaff is always really friendly, you get seated quickly and the outside patio is the best. 

Given the price, location, quality of the food and service this place will always be my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Definitely go if you get the chance. You can't go wrong with the steak, salmon or chicken - all fantastic!Oh.  Mah.  Gah.

Perfection.  

Friendly, professional service.  

Parsnip and Apple Soup BLOWS YOUR MIND.  It was amazing.  

Shrimp cocktails were good.  Nothing fancy, but it was just shrimp cocktail.

Ribeye and Filet were ordered by the table and they were delicious. Well prepared.  Flavorful.  Beefy.  Everything you want in a steak.  

Stay for dessert.I always recommend this restaurant to people that want to experience fine dining in Vegas, but do not want to break the bank. Food is exceptionally good and reasonably priced. If you're planning on ordering seafood for your entree, try the skate. You will not be disappointed.I was in Vegas recently for my company's annual conference and me and my team came here for dinner one night. I found it on Yelp and thought it had decent reviews and not nearly as expensive as many others restaurants on the strip. 

We had a great experience here. We started with ordering wine, in which our server gracefully let us taste test before purchasing a bottle. We ordered a few appetizers, escargot included (my coworkers ate and loved.... I wouldn't try it!) and each got an order of steak. It was pretty tasty, full of flavor and the fries that came with it were great. It wasn't the best steak I've ever tried but definitely fulfilled my cravings and ended up being a great dinner. 

Our server was very friendly and gave us some good pointers on what to order. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to others!Mon Ami Gabi is a French cafe located at Paris Casino right along the sidewalk across from the Bellagio Fountains.  Its view of the dancing waters is semi blocked by the passing traffic of the Strip and the trees lining the divider, but it is still rather nice.

I headed over to Mon Ami Gabi for an early dinner, and good thing I did, as a waiting crowd soon developed.  Finding the entrance was the first order of business.  Turns out you have to head on in through the Casino to find the official entrance to the restaurant.

As a single diner, I scored a table just inside off the patio, facing the Strip, so I was entertained on the half hour by the streams of water shooting into the air.

Their lovely crisp french bread came accompanied by soft butter and a plate of pickled red vegetable which was quite a refreshing way to enjoy the loaf.  It was also a terrific start to my attempted healthy meal of Frisee, Kale & Warm Bacon Salad, soft poached egg $11.95 with a side of Brussels Sprouts $5.95.

The salad was a decent portion and filled with a variety of crunches, from the fresh leafy greens, to the chunky croutons, and the large plentiful bacon crumbles in contrast to the soft egg.  The Brussels Sprouts were great as well, but I may have I counted but 11 halves, which sadly calculates to nearly a buck a sprout.

There was a purpose to having had a green dinner.  In addition to my felt need to consume some veggies in Vegas, I wanted dessert.  The Bananas Foster Crepe $10.95 warm bananas, foster sauce, vanilla ice cream was a great portion of yumminess, though I would have preferred the ice cream on top rather than swaddled by the folds of the crepe.  Although their method prevented the ice cream from melting too fast...

There is no bathroom available inside Mon Ami Gabi - you'll have to head out to the Casino to find one.This is a review of Mon Ami Gabi for lunch.  We wanted a lite lunch and it was perfect. I had the tuna melt tartine and it came with French fries that were sliced potato chip thin.  My dining partner had the chicken and Brie sandwich and that was just as good.  The wait staff was great and my water glass was never empty.

The complimentary baguette hit the spot until our lunch was served,One of the restaurants that was on my list that was a must visit in Vegas. I've done my research and this was probably the best restaurant around and I can say I agree. It was perfection! From start to finish, everything was great. The bread was freshly made and definitely a food portion too (the whole hero). The oysters were on point and the chicken breast was so tender and juicy. It was so good!!!! The truffle pasta was the best pasta I've ever had. No words can explain how good it was, every single bite was amazing. The creme brûlée was a nice way to end my time at the restaurant. The service was great, the waiter was attentive and friendly. The price was definitely worth the food for a French place, there was a big portion.Similar menu to Bouchon in the Venetian but not quite Bouchon quality ( but very close). Had an amazing meal with a great view of the strip. Frisée salad, mussels, baked goat cheese, shrimp cocktail, stiff cocktails and reasonably priced!Great restaurant. The service is very good here. 

Got the chocolate waffles. It comes in four little waffles with syrup and whipped cream. Everything is really fresh and warm. The cream is the best- very light and smooth. The chocolates are baked into the waffles, not caked on top. Such a big difference between this type of waffle and buffet style waffles. Not too sweet either. Not too hard or soft. The portion size is just enough. So perfect. 

The view is the best, if you get a seat on the patio. You can have a view of the Bellagio fountains and see all the people walking around on the street. Great people watching spot.3 days in a row for breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi. I'm a big fan of their Beef Hash & Egg Benedict. The food was great, huge portion. Also, it was very nice sitting at the patio, sipping mimosa, and enjoying the view of Bellagio & Vegas in the morning. Romantic & great food, that's all I can say :)Great spot right on the strip. Lunch and breakfast are perfect for a heavy day of walking. The breakfast benny's are all good (tried them all) as well as the Nutella waffles. Make a reservation and prepare for $15 a person plus drinks. One of my fave spots to eat directly on the strip.  Great spot for the whole family if you sit outside.Best Grilled Sea Scallop I had ever. Best service ever too. One waiter or waitress only takes care of four or five talbes and they will chat with you like old friends.Despite the faux-grandiosity that is Las Vegas, stellar restaurants that offer surprisingly solid menu items are abundant.  

Mon Ami Gabi is a restaurant at the first floor of the Paris hotel.  Sitting in the indoor/outdoor patio allows the diner a front seat view of the Bellagio fountain show.  

I adore French Bistros and I have to say, Mon Ami Gabi was surprisingly one of the better ones I have been to. Their standard bistro food was right on the money. Warm french bread, escargot, pomme frittes, french onion soup and several glasses of Roses - made for a great extended and lazy lunch.  

This restaurant may not have been as "charming" and authentic as the French Bistros I have been to in San Francisco, Napa Valley or New York.  However, Mon Ami Gabi serves solid French Bistro food - a good alternative to indoor- buffet style restaurants on the strip.Still my favorite meal since I moved to Las Vegas 7 years ago - and I've had many wonderful meals here. The French Onion soup is out of this world and comes in a huge crock. The filet mignon was melt in your mouth delicious. Highly recommend.This review is for lunch. Tip: During holidays and weekends, be sure to make a reservation. 

As it was winter, we opted to sit in the atrium-like seating area. Note: There are numerous heaters outside if you want to sit on the patio. But this area gave us the best of both worlds. We could view the Strip and people-watch, but were out of the cold and wind.

The service was excellent. We were frequently checked on, our water glasses never got below half full, etc. And our server was just very pleasant and awesome.

The wine, beer, and cocktail list is decent. I really liked that even when you order just a glass of wine, the bottle is brought out, presented to you, and you are given a taste before accepting the pour. I honestly don't think I've experienced that at any other restaurant. Very classy.

The lunch menu has many options, but I had to go with the steak frites, which really seem like the star here. You can order it prepared multiple ways with different sauces. I opted for the blue cheese one. They apparently pound their steaks to get them super tender. You practically don't need a knife. And it was juicy and wonderfully tasty. The fries were excellently prepared as well. It was truly a 5-star meal.

And the appetizer and dessert we had were great too. But that was one awesome steak. And all with wonderful service. So yep, I would rank this amongst the as good as it gets places.We spent our 1-yr anniversary here... excellent service, tasty food.  We definately enjoyed ourselves. It was really noisy inside, but it made it feel less stuffy which was nice. The french onion soup & their warm bread was awsome.  The steaks were tasty, but lacked just a little in flavor. The coctails were very good!Fantastic establishment! We made a reservation thru Open Table for 5PM. Plane ran late and I  did not arrive until 6:30. The resturant was very busy but they were understanding, adjusted. The service. Ambiance and food was very good. Menu selections all looked good and were done to perfection. Thank you for a wonderful evening.Sat outside right in front of the bellagio fountain and the wait was so worth it. It was a bit chilly but the heat lamps kept us warm! Got cocktails, seafood platter and classic steak frites. Loved the ambience and the amazing view!the food and atmosphere was spectacular!  it was one of the highlights of our trip.  make a reservation thru yelp for inside seating and let them know that you want outdoor seating and they will accommodate with next avail patio table.  loved the lobster roll!Well what can I say, this place is delicious for brunch. Out door seating is a must!!! You get a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. I ate here for brunch for mothers day, it was my first time and I had a nice time. A bit pricy but well worth it, I will defiantly go again.Seriously, everyone who goes to Vegas needs to make a reservation here. It is absolutely delicious! I highly recommend the filet mignon. I go to Vegas about once a year, and I do not leave Vegas unless I eat at Mon Ami Gabi. The service is absolutely amazing here. One of my favorite restaurants.Without a doubt, one of the best places to eat on the strip. I have been here many times and it is time for a review. 

What I love about Mon Ami Gabi is that you can come here for breakfast, lunch, dinner, brunch, or just cocktails and appetizers for a wonderful experience each time. The menu is simple in size but beautifully exciting in options. I will tell you about my most recent experience. 

I went with girlfriends for brunch on a Saturday late morning. We ordered cocktails and coffee. We started with the smoked salmon appetizer. It was absolutely perfect. Served with a bagel and all the toppings you could ask for. For the main courses we ordered the classic eggs benedict, blueberry waffles and croque monsieur. It was my first time having croque and I am disappointed that I had not known about this before. It was so wonderfully decadent. Covered in a bechamel sauce and served with thin slices potato fries on the side. To. Die. For. 

There is no doubt that this restaurant will remain on our list of go to places to eat. It gives a great view of the strip, has a good patio and a great atmosphere. For the three of us with multiple rounds of cocktails and coffee it was $145.00. For the Las Vegas Strip and ordering whatever we wanted, an absolute steal in my opinion.My Vegas go to place for breakfast or lunch and people watching. Perfect spot to view the Bellagio fountains.Came here during a Vegas Trip a couple months back. I usually try to stay under 30 dollars per meal, but decided to splurge a bit on this trip. I got the Filet Mignon Merlot with steakfrites and it was definitely worth it. The steak was cooked to perfection, juicy and topped with an exquisite merlot red wine sauce. The steakfrites were crispy, flavorful, but not greasy at all. I also ordered the escargot which tasted very authentic to me. Most places serve snails, NOT escargot. I am definitely coming back here.

Bon appétit tout le monde!Location, location, location. 
A modestly priced steak dinner in one of the best location in Vegas. 
Wait until late afternoon when the sun sets behind the Bellagio. Request outside seating. You will be seated outside on The Strip, above the heads of people walking by, across from the Bellagio fountains. 
Incredible.... You'll have a wonderful experience.Mmmm loved this place for breakfast.
Had the egg white omelet perfectly cooked ala Paris with tasty frittes, roasted savory herbed tomatoes and the most delicious bread.  The pain chocolate was just like France, flaky, buttery and oozing chocolatey goodness.  Great service...I  am so happy I happened upon this place for breakfast.  Reasonably priced too for Vegas!My wife and I came here for Valentine's dinner and place was packed.  They gave us a pager and we walked around the casino.  The wait wasn't very long, we had an inside table with view of the fountains.  Our table was a bit cramped but so was the whole restaurant.  It must be what it's like in Paris.  I was so wrapped up in the moment that now I can't even remember what I ordered.  It was dark and intimate.  We both had a three course meal and the bill was huge, but what the hey, it's Valentine's.  I'll be back, but next time order smaller and enjoy the ambiance.Come early for breakfast and order the lemon crepes with lemon marmalade and a side of fresh blueberry syrup.  If you're feeling adventurous (or Russian), try each bite with a dollop of sour cream.  These crepes are delicious.  The ambiance is nice, much like a bustling French cafe. If you sit just inside from the patio, you'll enjoy white table cloths and an unparalleled view of the Bellagio and the fountains.  

The staff was helpful and courteous. All in all, a gem restaurant right on the Strip.Must try this place for brunch yo!!! Must try: Blueberry French Toast, Banana Foster Waffle, Apple Crepe and the bloody mary bar yo!!My husband and I come here a lot for brunch. Their Blood Mary bar is awesome and super yummy! I love their food...I only wish they had a larger menu...but I've never had anything there that I wouldn't order again. Enjoy!An affordable place that makes you feel special. As a student, Vegas trip usually means cramming as many people into the room as possible, getting drank, fist pumping to the music, and the morning/noon pho as hang over cure. A fancy dinner and show is not in the picture. 

Most of the places are owned by famous chefs that comes with a hefty price tag that we can't afford. wahhh :(

My friend told me about Mon Ami Gabi, and this change my Vegas trip completely. It definitely up my vegas trip class level by a lot without having to spend extra $$$$$. 

Most of the items on the menu are under $20 and closer to $15, except the steaks.  Thus without having to spend a fortune, you can sit in the patio by the strip and watch the Bellagio water show! 

I ordered the Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine which was fantastic. I would not make any modification to it. I love the way it is. 

The friend who recommend this place told me that the escargots were really good. I didn't get to try because I am still on a budget...

My roommate and I shared flour-less chocolate cake. My roommate really enjoyed the cake. We cleaned the plate! The cake was topped with some sort of sour cream, which we didn't really care much and wished it was ice cream. 

To start the meal, they give each table  a loaf of french baguette and butter. If you can't have gluten, you can still have some bread just ask! They even have a gluten-free menu.

They do take reservation; however, patio seating is first come first serve basis. The interior design gives a pretty old school classy vibe, so even if you can't get a table outside, it would still be a great experience.My wife and I have dined here on several occasions and were considering other options in the area (Le Cirque, Prime, etc.). However, we returned to Mon Ami Gabi and loved it. The service is outstanding - attentive, efficient, and polite. French cuisine is our favorite and we werent disappointed - the chicken liver mousse, escargot, mussels, and hanger steak with a red wine sauce  were all delicious. Excellent comfort food at very reasonable prices.The brunch here is amazing.

Although Mon Ami Gabi doesn't need another review, I'm going to write one anyways because my eggs benedict were just THAT good.

Service is excellent here. The servers really attend to your every need and I can see why this restaurant does so well. The menu is simple and elegant and offers a ton of great choices. French toast came with a whip so light and berries so fresh... I had to close my eyes and savor the moment.

The cherry on top is the pricing of this restaurant. So affordable!  With restaurants charging an arm and a leg for who knows what, Mon Ami Gabi manages to maintain its great reputation of great food, great service and great prices. That's pretty great all around. I would recommend this place to anybody going to Vegas - Just remember, make a reservation!Love it here! Awesome location, staff, and food. I suggest waiting for a seat on the patio, worth waiting a little longer. We went for lunch yesterday. We had the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer, omg I could eat this daily it was so good, highly recommend. For drinks had a classic mimosa, always fabulous. For entrees we had the Quiche Lorraine and the Cubano Sandwich. The Quiche was so good, flavorful but not too heavy and a large serving, took half home. The Cubano Sandwich was amazing, I don't like many deli meat sandwiches, but this was unbelievable and the sauce it comes with is just perfect. I had to get the Creme Brulee for dessert, it does not disappoint! We have been here before and will continue to come back!We were seated right away upon arrival.  We sat inside but near the windows so the view was wonderful.  Service was extremely nice, especially by our server.  She recommended the braised beef dish and it was fantastic.  Very tender and flavorful.   Also order steak dish, which was good too.  At the end of the meal, I got a Macchiato coffee and it was strong and good.  Perfect energy booster I needed and save me from craving fatty dessert.  Definitely recommend this place.I don't see myself visiting Vegas again, but if I do, I will most assuredly go here.

Mon Ami Gabi has an ambiance that must be felt, rather than seen.  What other casinos try to emulate, Gabi delivers--a next-best-thing Parisian experience, rather than eating expensive shitty pasta at the Palaccio or god knows what at New York, New York.

My friends and I were moderately dressed up (no ties, or heels) and did not feel out of place or unwelcome for a moment.  The lighting is very flattering and cozy-feeling, and our server (who was the human embodiment of espresso, or perhaps cocaine) made us feel very welcome and comfortable.

Meal starts with free baguettes which don't stun, but hey, there's a gorgeous and well-curated wine cart.  Cut whatever carb-related losses you have and order the French onion soup (divine, and made with cognac).  I had the mussels and the fries which were both truly scrumptious.  Other friends orders the scallops (four out of five), wild boar pasta (five out of five), and a sirloin (six out of five) that even my pescetarian self had to have a bite out of.  They know their way around a cut of beef here, selecting prime cow only, a bone-in cut, with a perfect outside char/sear and blood red middle.  It. Was. Amaze.

Don't sit on the patio or you're missing the ambiance.  Do hit up that wine cart more than once.  While we did order the bananas foster crepe, I'm not sure I would order it again.  I'd probably try the escargot or order oysters.

Bon appetite.  Or some other cliché.Our first stop after landing in Vegas and checking into our hotel was to find some lunch.  We had no particular plans where to eat, just knew we needed something asap.  The Paris was relatively close to our hotel, saw the strip-side seating of the Mon Ami Gabi and thought it looked about as good as any other place.

Service started out a little slow.  We were seated, and then waited a bit longer than expected for the server to come by.  However, our meal made up for this minor issue, as everything we both ate was very delicious.

The free crusty bread was amazing.  Could possibly have something to do with the fact we were starving, but the bread, quite literally, was the best thing we'd ever eaten.  Okay, maybe not the best, but it was pretty dang good.

I decided to order the Chicken and Mushroom Crepe topped with kale and brie.  A very hearty portion, and super satisfying.  The flavor was reminiscent of the very best comfort food you can imagine.  A pure pleasure to eat.  Everything went well together, and all ingredients had a perfect balance.

My husband got the Classique Steak Frites with maitre d' butter.  His hangar steak was cooked perfectly, and the frites were something special.  We've seen many frites entrees that looked like they opened up a bag of frozen french fries and threw in the deep fryer.  But these were like a chip/fry hybrid.  Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  Definitely homemade, or if not, they chose a wonderfully unique product.

I recommend Mon Ami Gabi with two thumbs up.  I'd have no reservations about eating here again one day.  Was a great start to our last Vegas trip, for sure.This is what heaven must be like, at least if I were in charge.
Fountain views and red umbrellas.  Filet mignon and lobster, accompanied by a cool Stella.  And, the best crab cakes I've ever had.

Great way to spend those blackjack winnings, and to celebrate our two year wedding anniversary.  Cheers!Have been here a number of times including last night which did not fail me. Everything was great. Slightly dissapointed we didn't get to sit outside but they sat us in the atrium by a window with a view of the water show.Love this place. The ambiance is very cozy and romantic. Do yourself a favor and order the chilled seafood platter.. amazing! Best filet mignon I've ever had, hands down. It was cooked to perfection, delicious and tender. We also had the chicken liver mousse pate, Roquefort steak frites (so good) and warm baguette, everything was fabulous. We'll be back!Usually have a good meal here- i say usually because we had a bad meal a while ago and havent been back since. However i am sure we will return soon because we have so many happy memories of this place. Plus the free bread they give you is great!We love the view if you can get a table outside! Worth the wait if there is one. Best coffee in Vegas and never a bad dish. Great food, service, and best people watching!There are a handful of stalwarts on the Strip, a constant stream of new offerings, and several mediocrities that survive by inertia. Few moderate venues put in the effort to maintain themselves. Mon Ami Gabi is different. After about ten years in the same location, the room looks as new (or new-old) as the day it opened. Really! The tile floors are spotless! The paint is fresh. The waitstaff are far from complacent. And the food is delivered hot and correct, starting with the complimentary warm baguette and carrot relish. 

Modeled after an idealized Parisian bistro--but thankfully not overburdened by the cliché Lautrec prints--MAG is deceptively big (nearly 400 seats) but divided into several different sections--depending on your mood, you can sit in a dark, book-lined bar room, a warmly lit interior, a comfortable but energetic pavilion, or a boisterous Strip-side patio. The menu follows traditional French brasserie food, but goes the extra mile in terms of variety. Thus the menu includes a vegetarian sampler, fish choices including Skate, a good looking short rib, and over 10 different steak frites varieties. My Steak Bordelaise was, well, perfect. Their ribbon-style fries didn't impress though--true French frites, in my experience, are actually very close to McDonald's, believe it or not. The chicken liver pate was a healthy portion. Prices are not shockingly low, but for the Strip, strike a relative value. There's no reason you can't have that romantic dinner here for 100 dollars, instead of spending 300 somewhere else. Consistency is a quality to be praised in any restaurant--in one wth a prime Strip position that could easily coast on its vantage point, it's almost a wonder.I come here just about every time I'm in Vegas and the place is consistently awesome.  

Waiters are well trained, courteous, and will do anything to make you happy.  

Food, as you would expect, is delicious!  Brunch is served all day on weekends, so order yourself some french toast or waffles with fresh cream...  You won't regret it!  The sandwiches and salads are all delicately prepared and taste like heaven in your mouth.

Getting a table can often be a pain - if you come at the non-peak hours without a reservation, wait time is usually 15 minutes or so for indoor seating.  You used to be able to make reservations for the patio and get a guaranteed table there, but on our most recent trip we heard that was no longer the case.  A reservation will guarantee you a table, but the patio requires additional wait.  Call for details just to be sure.  I wasn't exactly "all there" when this was being explained ;)Plentiful seating and friendly staff, the breakfast was excellent thaw many times I've been here, lunch steak frites not a fan.Breakfast Review- 

Always busy even on weekdays. Outside is first come first serve. No way to guarantee. Usually immediately seated if you want to stay inside so expect to wait if you want a seat with a Strip View. 
When I went most of the patrons at least got to sit in the pavilion so it looks half inside and half outside 
5 girls 5 different entrees so we can try each other's. My favorites were the baked goat cheese appetizer to start and Lorraine's quiche. The goat cheese is served with garlic bread and the sauce was very tasty. Everyone loved it even the goat cheese first timers. I liked the quiche the as the best entree because it was very delicate and flavorful. It felt very light. 

We also had the croissant sandwich  (simple and nice), the florentine and salmon Benedict (classics) and the French toast. 

I think this place is pretty and delicious. The average entree price for breakfast is about $15 to $20. Warmed freshly baked bread is provided. They give butter and jam. You have a paper top on the table which I have seen at other French restaurants and proportions were a nice size. 

I recommend making reservations and then enjoy.After walking the strip for quite some time in the mid-morning hours, I was damn hungry. Mon Ami Gabi looked pretty cute - all French and proper - but they didn't seem to mind when hubs and I rolled up in our workout gear hoping to get a table and some breakfast. 

The patio was a considerable wait, so we elected sit indoors (which ended up being only 2 feet from the open doors/patio. Hey - we could still see some street performers and a few walks of shame. Fine by me.

The service was most excellent and efficient to boot. I went with the lemon pancakes - a giant, but very thin, lemony crepe like pancake with strawberries and a hefty side of fresh whipped cream. Hell. Yeah. The pancake was delicious yet light and the strawberries were uber fresh. I also nabbed a few bites of hubs' quiche lorraine - also a delightful, rich and tasty choice. The one food item I wasn't crazy about was the chicken sausage. Normally I'd down that in 30 seconds flat, but these particular links had an odd spice combo to them...paprika? I don't know, but I didn't dig it. 

Price wise, Mon Ami Gabi is quite fair - especially for the high quality and portions. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely head back here for breakfast!Got the special lunch plate of the day.  I wasn't a huge fan of it, and our waitress no questions asked, took it back, brought me out the chicken club and the french onion soup(really good also).  The location is great, I enjoy people watching and if you got a seat outside you can enjoy the nice weather(non-summer).I went there for my first date. The service was wonderful. The steak was also wonderful and I love love love their frites. I would definitely visit agaibBeautiful, extremely busy place. We got seated quickly. Blueberry French Toast was yummy. I only gave 4 stars because it was so hectic. I don't think you can go wrong with this place. Others had Omelettes.Mon Ami Gabi is my "go-to" restaurant for special brunch dates, when family is in town, and when I'm wanting a good steak! Since I'm local in Las Vegas it would be rare to find me in the heart of the strip but this restaurant has the best ambiance on a warm summer day, great service, and amazing brunch selections.I had a great experience at this restaurant. My friend and I were seated right away and were accommodated in the patio at our request. We had a fantastic view of the Las Vegas Strip and the Fountain Shows at the Bellagio. 

We had the cheese plate as an appetizer, which was great. The Pear Compote was an amazing pairing for the  cheese and baguette. I ordered the Roast Chicken, which came with frites (French Fries) and a delicious side that consisted of bacon, mushrooms, and pearl onions. The chicken was really moist and the sides were equally delicious. my friend had a salmon dish and was very pleased as well.

The ambiance and service were great. Ask for Patio seating for an awesome view. The heaters make it bearable, even in the middle of winter. 

I was there with a friend, but the place is also really romantic for couples and great for groups.Reserved a few hours ahead because it is always crowded. To sit at the patio is first come first served. The inside however is still nice but pretty loud. The food was delicious and extravagant. It had a unique flavor that gushes in your mouth. The flavor of roast beaf was strong but didnt over power the veges and other toppings in the roast beef blue cheese sandwhich. Overall it was decent food and a great environment that constituted into a great meal.The food I had here was absolutely delicious. Lemon skinny pancake and quiche Lorraine. I expected the quiche to be either a slice or a small whole quiche but it was quite large and came with a lovely little green salad. 

We sat on the indoor patio and didn't have to wait at all on Sunday at 10:30. The service was nice (though a bit slow) and so was the view.had the lobster bisque and the lobster roll which were both excellant.  I might return here, places to eat in Las Vegas are every where so one day ill returnI've been to Vegas so many times and walk by this place.... Finally got to try it for late dinner with friends. Have to say it was surprisingly pleasant. Ambience was nice   dim lighting, excellent customer service, and delicious food. 
Everyone raves how nice the patio seating is...I didn't get to dine on the patio . (Too hot!) Maybe on a cooler night. 
Food: We ordered a few appetizer... Smoked salmon, oysters, escargots.  All delicious and flavorful. Main dish I ordered caramelized sea scallops. Which I highly recommend. I did try my friends steak... It was tender and super tasty. finished off with house coffee... Loved it. Strong and sweet just how I like it  Will definitely try this place again.Good French food (trust me, I'm French).
Prices are quite high.
Staff was amazing (Stephanie was our waitress and did the best job possible)Breakfast begins with freshly brewed coffee, choice of juice and or water.  Spinach and goat cheese omelet with country toast is a great way to begin your day.  Upbeat restaurant with European atmosphere, seating indoor and outdoorSome of the best steakhouse cuisine I've ever had. Our waitress, Georgi has such an expertise with menu, ordered our food for us pretty much, and knocked our socks off with the best meals we've had in months. I highly recommend this place, and highly recommend Georgi serve you if you ever have the opportunity. Thank you Georgi for making our two year anniversary even more special!I only ordered a steamed artichoke here, so I can't opine on the food (although I did steal a bite of my friend's club sandwich and it was delicious). 

Five stars for their bloody mary bar. Brilliant! The waiter brings you a glass of vodka over ice. You do the rest - the bloody mary bar offers both tomato juice and bloody mary mix, every single hot sauce manufacutured in the world, worcestershire sauce, horseradish, celery, pickled asparagus, pickled onions, olives (you can also ask them to bring you blue cheese stuffed olives). It was the perfect way to end our Vegas weekend (well, winning back the money I lost in blackjack would have been perfect, but this was close enough). 

We went on a Sunday, so not sure if the bloody mary bar is a Sunday brunch offering only, or whether it's there all the time. We sat outside, which offers a great view of Bellagio's fountain show, as well as excellent people watching (love what people can get away with (not) wearing in Vegas!)Terrific spot located directly across from the Bellagio fountain. Fantastic view of the water show while you enjoy French/ American menu.  The steak sandwich is a tasty choice. Highly recommended. Great place to take friends and family that want to "hang out on the strip"Someone recommended Mon Ami Gabi for dinner during my 24 hour trip to Vegas, and to be honest, I was a bit skeptical of going to a chain (especially one a couple metro stops away from my home) during my glamorous vacay. Still, after narrowing down what we wanted to eat, here we ended up. 

Service was fine, though I almost felt bad leaving the tip for the waiter when I felt like we saw the bus boy more. We were seated quickly (Tuesday night), and there was a 45 minute wait for the patio. Though it was one of the reasons I got the recommendation, we were way too hungry to wait (and we only had 24 hours in Vegas people!!), but lucky to get a table right away just inside the patio. 

Food was good, and the portions were very generous. We were brought bread with butter and a little dish of carrot slaw--deeee-licious! We both ordered the soup du jour which was a potato leek vichyssoise, also outstanding. I was a little surprised at the cut of my steak (I was expecting more of a sirloin type piece, but got what looked like hangar or skirt), but it was cooked well and the au poivre sauce was flavorful. The frites were very thin and crispy to the point of not really tasting like potatoes anymore.

Back to the aforementioned patio: Mon Ami Gabi is located in the Paris Casino, directly across the strip from the Bellagio fountains, which makes it's patio so popular. Since we had a window seat, though we couldn't hear the music, we could still see the fountains which made the dining experience very memorable. If you can't wait for the patio, definitely ask for a table inside it.3.5 stars

Oh God.  As I mentioned in my last review, we came back here for my friend's bachelorette.  I made the reservation a week in advance.  

When I got there, I had to change it because a girl dropped out. If you use Yelp to get phone numbers, this one is incorrect.  It takes you to Effiel Tower Restaurant.  I did eventually get through and told her I needed to "change tomorrow's reservation." (The reason I changed it for one person is because if your entire party isn't seated, you can't be considered for deck seating.) She told me she couldn't find me anywhere and I was put on hold for a long time, several times.  Finally she said "I found your reservation under tomorrow.  There must have been an error." Me: "Nope. I wanted it for tomorrow." Gah.  So that was figured out.

Then the day of, the girls are running late and ask me to push it back.  I tell the hostess, "can you push the reservation for Ninette for 11 back 30 minutes?" She said, "ok Clark (or something equally ridiculous) for 5!" What now? Eh, maybe it was loud.

We did make it there and were seated inside (outside was a 2 hour wait).  My friend and I ordered the escargot for appetizer to share and the seafood platter for our entree.  The seafood platter came with 4 oysters, shrimp cocktail, tuna cervice, seaweed salad, several sauces and an entire lobster.  I also just checked and there were supposed to be crackers. Huh. Never saw that. Either way, it looked pretty impressive, not going to lie.  The escargot were good.  They came in a pesto-ish sauce.  The seafood platter was all good except for the main event: the lobster.  The lobster was chewy and overcooked.  We thought we would need steak knives.  I don't know what kind of lobster it was called but it had the spongy legs/claws that I didn't really like either.

I still think this place is pretty reasonably priced and a good balance between casual and fancy for Vegas.  The bad lobster and confusion put me off a bit more than the first time, but for mostly-good food and prices, I'll keep my 3.5 stars under 4.Next time I'll make sure I make reservations for the outdoor seating since its directly adjacent to the bellagio watershow, but the inside of the restaurant was nice as well. Make a note that you must have somewhat formal attire or else they won't seat you. 

They weren't too pricey for the amount of food you get, you can definitely order one entree for two and an appetizer and that would fill you up, they also give you warm fresh baguette as well. 

I had the sole fish with frittes and veggies and it was amazing... melts in your mouth and puts a smile on your face for sure! French onion soup was pretty good, it's a pretty big bowl so don't underestimate the portions they give you. I think every entree ordered at the table including the salmon salad was delicious. For a table of 4 entrees and 1 appetizer, the bill came out to be $90, not too bad for a nice restaurant in vegas.This is another of my favorites.  Some great French-like food. Great service and good wine selection. In the Paris but not too expensive. Try brunch or the salmon.I've heard so much about this place so for this family trip to Vegas we decided to check it out.  We went for lunch instead of dinner because it was cheaper and it seemed more like a lunch place.

ATMOSPHERE: We made reservations so luckily we got seated in the "greenhouse" area, where it's all open with glass so you get to see outside but it's covered/enclosed so you dont have the heat/cold or wind.  It was perfect! Very pretty/and bright.

The inside looked kind of dark so I guess for a romantic dinner it would be nice but for a lunch the greenhouse area was perfect.

FOOD: They give you a baguette in the beginning, which was very crunchy and soft on the inside and still warm when they handed it to us.  

FRENCH TUNA MELT TARTINE - If you didn't know, a tartine is basically an open faced sandwich.  It tasted like it says - tuna melt, so you taste tuna salad with lots of different veggies and toppings on top of the crusty bread.  Bellpeppers, onions, artichokes...it was good.  It also came with a little salad on the side, which was nice.

All of the hot sandwiches (which this is) come with french fries on the side.  They are very interesting and you can tell they make it there.  They are flat and thin, some are more crispy and some are more soggy but they were good and a nice addition to the sandwich.  

SALMON SALAD - My sister got this and said it was good, it came with a good amount of salmon and the entire entree was definitely plenty for lunch portions.  My mom accidentally got the "mixed greens" which was a small plate and she added salmon to it, but my sister's salad looked much better.

Overall - I'd suggest making reservations for lunch for a light but great lunch where you feel like you're in paris on the street at a cafe.Once again this restaurant does not disappoint.  Four of us went here for breakfast on 7/4/11.  Food and service were great.  Location is excellent.  Love the Bloody Marys!My husband and I had brunch here and it was wonderful. Good prices, adorable ambiance, impeccable, speedy service, and everything we ordered was delicious! I had the smoked salmon eggs Benedict and my husband had the normal eggs Benedict. Eggs were perfectly poached. I had a tasty Brut/peach juice cocktail and literally a bowl of cappuccino (I thought the waitress meant the cup would be the size of a bowl - was literally a bowl!). The foam was thick and perfect. Waitress gave me a to-go cup.
Was a little line to get in - but moved super fast, and we didn't have a reservation. We sat inside (outside was a 15-20 min wait) and we're right inside the glass. Loved it and will definitely go back! Would recommend to anyone.Very nice location and food. Reasonable price for a French restaurant in the middle of the strip. Love their sea scallops. Also had the Alfredo pasta. You can add grilled chicken to it which is also very tasty. 

Rose champagne was just okay. 

We made our reservation online and they were able to sit us at the patio facing the bellagio water fountain but the view wasn't optimized as there are lots of trees blocking your view and with the servers walking by, can't really take good pic.

Overall a very good restaurant at a convenient location.This was our last stop before heading out of Vegas. I ordered the Gluten-free Eggs benedict. It was quite delicious. The egg yolks were runny the way I liked it and the toast had a kick of chilli. I was happy with the food and the service.

The only disappointment was the $9.95 house blend Blood Mary. It had too much Tabasco sauce and my throat was on fire. I had to down their house blend coffee with half and half to alleviate it. Extra tomato juice didn't seem to help dilute the Tabasco sauce in the drink sadly. I would say go for the self-served Bloody Mary for a few extra dollars so you won't suffer the same throat punch like I did.

Reservation is highly recommended!This is a good, affordable French restaurant.  Food is probably 3 stars.  4 stars for the ability to eat on the patio.

We ordered primarily side dishes and sat outside on their patio, watching people walk by on the strip and sort of seeing the Bellagio fountains across the street.  The french onion soup and ratatouille were solid.  Not the best in the world, but good.I came here for a bachelorette party while in Vegas. Being a bridesmaid, I was given the task of finding a good restaurant for the one group meal the bride requested. As we realized a dinner would be out I went on the daunting search for brunch. 
Mon ami came up, and even though I realized we'd be attending on a Friday and dealing with more lunch, I was quickly intrigued. When I called I quickly learned you can not make reservations on the patio everyone raves about. Since I had a party of 12, I knew we needed one, even if it meant dining indoors. When we arrived we only waited a few minutes for our table. We all ordered mimosas or bloody Mary's, the former which were topped with bacon and a smorgasbord of other toppings. I had the goat cheese appetizer, which was hot and cooked in a tomato sauce. It was served with garlic bread and was out of this world. For my main course I shared the chicken and Brie sandwich and crab special salad with a friend. Both were good and hit the spot, but the stand out dish was the goat cheese app.
Overall, the food was delicious and we had a great time. The only reason for the four stars was the service - while not bad per se, we definitely had to ask for water, drinks, ketchup, etc multiple times. Highly recommend for a reasonable priced delicious meal in Vegas!I chose to take us here for breakfast after seeing that this restaurant got a high overall rating. Make sure to get a table on the patio for the view and people watching! Even if it's really hot outside you won't really feel it because of the a/c from the restaurant.

We arrived around 10 am and were seated promptly. The server was efficient and friendly during our stay. That morning we ordered the eggs benedict, smoked salmon eggs benedict, chocolate croissant (pain au chocolat), two mimosa's, and an orange juice. It didn't take very long for our food and drinks to arrive at our table. The eggs benedict were delicious! The mimosa's were quite expensive at $11.50 USD whereas we can get them for about $5 in Canada. Our server didn't charge us for the orange juice as she assumed we would use it for our mimosa's.

Besides the pricey mimosa's we would definitely return on our next visit to Vegas.Surprisingly good - almost authentic French Bistro feel. I had a filet- rare. Was cooked exactly as I requested.  Service was attentive. Good experience.Huge scallops, perfect sear, yummy veloute? Why not? My husband's pork was perfectly cooked though you must request medium rare--they tend towards medium well otherwise. Apps were nothing special: the warm brie was tasty, the country pate was nice, the duck confit leg was merely acceptable. But in this pricy town, Mon Ami Gabi is a rare thing--a mid range priced restaurant with good quality food. Back home, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant but in Vegas it is the Americana version of classic French Bistro without breaking the bank. Did I mention those big, juicy scallops? Gabi is definitely mon ami. Dude, even the name is super americanized--there should be an "e" at the end of ami if Gabi is female, non?We really enjoyed this restaurant.  The location speaks for itself (directly across the street from the Bellagio fountains).  But the real surprise for me was the attentiveness of the service and the quality of the food.  

We arrived a little late for our reservation and the hostesses went out of their way to accommodate us even though the restaurant was packed.  We got lucky and were given a prime table on the patio.  This is really the way to go if you plan to dine at the Mon Ami Gabi.  Keep in mind that they take reservations for the inside of the restaurant but not for the patio.  Most evenings you can expect to wait at least an hour and a half to get a table on the patio.  If you have time to kill (or get lucky like we did), this is well worth it.  It's like dining on a street corner in Paris with an incredible water show every 15 minutes.  If you want to stick w/ a reserved time, the interior decor is very refined w/ dark woods and classic French accents.

Steak and frittes are the plat du jour and our meal was served hot, perfectly cooked and delicious.  The blue cheese version was mouth wateringly good.  Steak was pounded thin, but even so, our medium rare request was met.

Our server was friendly and enthusiastic without being overbearing.  She made the experience even better.  

Prices are surprisingly reasonable considering Vegas' notoriously inflated menu costs.

Enjoy!This is our go to restaurant on our last day in Vegas generally. Can you believe they make their own corned beef hash?
The Bloody Marys not only taste good, but they are very picturesque. I actually took some photos of it.
The service is always outstanding. This restaurant definitely goes out of its way to keep the customers happy.My friend called at 430pm and said let's  go play. We got on a plane, landed and headed to my favorite restaurant on the strip for dinner, people watching and a great view of the Bellagio water show while the sun started to set .  Bonus -they were filming something in front of the fountains. Fun to watch. When we got there,  there was a 30 minute wait for a seat on the patio but if you happen to tip the girls in front  your table outside comes up much quicker. We split the steak tartar appetizer. My friend had the blt salad and I had the salmon salad. The blt was super spicy! Very different. My salmon salad was delicious. I usually come here for brunch when I visit. Everything is delicious.  The bread with the carrot spread is yummy! We also had wine by the glass. Nice Sancerre. We finished with the bread pudding. Not my favorite.(being my family has roots in new orleans - best bread pudding town) Anyway, I probably would have gone with the creme brulee but my friend wanted bread pudding.  We shared it with the gentlemen from Ohio sitting at the table next to us. They liked it. And I was happy to have gone one of my favorite restaurants impromptu and still make it back home before midnight. LolI enjoy going to this French Bistro everytime I am visiting Las Vegas. I just enjoy the location, the menu, and the food. Sometimes, it is a miss, but I still really enjoy coming back to Mon Ami Gabi. It is super quaint as one can sit inside or outside. I usually prefer outside seating, but then it gets too sunny. But I still love it.

* Onion Soup Au Gratin Baked with Gruyere Cheese $8.95 (5 of 5) Yummy. So much cheese. I love it. It is one of my favorite places to order French Onion Soup. 
* Sea Scallops Gratinees with Caramelized Fennel & Onion Marmalade, Mussel Cream $12.95 (3.5 of 5) So cute. I didn't realize they made stainless steel scallop plates so they can put the scallop into the oven. Fresh and tasty. But more pieces would make me happier.
* Steak Au Poivre-brandy peppercorn sauce with Signature Hand Cut Fries $25.95 (4 of 5) This steak is flattened, so don't expect it to be a thick cut. Looks like a piece of liver, but tastes like a piece of juicy steak. Very unique to this restaurant and pretty tasty. But I don't favor their choice of cut fries. It is like flattened cuts of potatoe. Not to my liking. 
* Maine Lobster Roll toasted brioche roll with Gaufrette Potato Chips $17.95 (4 of 5) Fresh and tasty. The roll was soft and lightly buttered toasted. Very delicate but held the lobster meat quite well. No complaints here and I enjoyed their Gaufrette Potato Chips on this dish more than the Signature Hand Cut Fries. 

This is one of my preferred restaurants on the Las Vegas strip. I really enjoy this bistro and always down to bring others to try this place.I came here three times! I loved the place, with the traditional and consistence food. I took away one star, because the service for me was spotty. (The hosts at the front aren't too polite, whether you have reservations or not. Some waiter were more attentive than others.) The cooking is always to perfection, but the flavoring can be a little bit more bold. Slightly on the expensive side, but it is worth the experience and food.

1st time: Breakfast

Lemon Pancake - For me this pancake was slightly denser and dryer than I would like. The flavor was very vanilla and hint of lemon (not too lemon-y, which I prefer, but if you like the lemon flavor to hit you hard; this is not for you.)

Smoked Salmon Benedict - I loved this plate! The English muffin was crisp, buttery, and light. The smoked salmon was generous, egg yolk was just the right consistency (runny), and the hollandaise sauce was amazing!  

2nd time: Lunch

Lemon Salmon - Both the salmon and vegetable was cooked to perfection, but slightly bland on the flavor profile.

3rd time: Dinner

Filet Mignon Merlot - Cooked to perfection (asked for Medium) and the red wine sauce was delicious. 

Mussels Martiniere - Wow, the broth had such a deep flavor, the white wine, sea, and butter! 

Creme Brulee - So delicious, it was very vanilla like and lite custard (doesn't taste like eggy cake). One of the best, I tried.Even though we made reservations through Opentable and asked for outside seating, they said that it would be a 90 min. wait for patio seating. The place was packed so it was understandable, we chose to sat inside.  I was pleasantly surprised with the menu prices though, I'd heard so many good things about the food and that it's fine dining, so assumed it would be much more expensive. I ordered the Hanger Steak with merlot butter for $19.95 (!) and it was really really good.  Reminded me of the dish at this restaurant Cowgirls in NYC near the meatpacking district I used to frequent (they appear to be closed now).  My friends got the arctic char special and the filet mignon, which were both really good. We also ordered the chicken liver mousse and the baked brie appetizers, both were delicious and worth coming for.  They also bring fresh baked bread for every table and you can ask for more.  This was helpful for the appetizers when we ran out of crostinis.   Service was really good and our waitress checked on us frequently.  We were too full for dessert but it looked awesome.The best bread and strawberry jam. Oh so good
 On our last visit to Vegas we had
Breakfast here twice. My favorite was a salad with
Yummy croutons and bacon and on the top a lovely poached egg. I did order a side
Of bread and jam. Next breakfast a nice ham and cheese omelette that came with
Bread
Next time just a Mimosa and bread and jam.  Oh yes
CoffeeService is great, food is amazing and overall experience is great. Alcohol is always surprising inexpressive for a strip location. That said, my only complaint is they add a small percentage of the fee for what the waitress told me was health expenses for the employees. I don't know if she was right but would have at least liked to have been told about this before hand.This is a great experience on The Strip.  I've been here twice once with the whole family and recently with my daughter.  If you can get a table outside or in the open area looking outside, it's worth the wait.  

The Food: Awesome and authentic French Bistro.  The escargot is great, the trout amandine and salad frisée and profiteroles bring back memories living in France.  Great quality food and they appear to be consistent.

The Ambience : You can dine intimately and not watch the circus on the strip or  venture to the outdoor space. I really enjoy watching the people outside and  the fountains at the Bellagio are a nice touch.

Service: It feels a bit snobby - but they are very efficient.  If you want a leisurely dinner/lunch - make sure you order at your pace.  

Don't hesitate to go - it's a nice dining experience in Las Vegas.They said the wait for the patio would be 20 minutes. 5 minutes later I was seated. The service is spot on and they have great gluten free options! Great people watching and amazing prices! The coffee is yummy! I ordered the ham and cheese omelette and added mushrooms.My favorite restaurant when I'm in Vegas !!! Can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can eat there again... Service always good there so many selection for wines.. The best in Vegas period...  And the seafood platter always fresh... I usually like to sit outside accross from bellagio s fountain unless it's cold outside.We went on a Friday night around 9. We had to wait about an hour, but it was easy to wait around being at the casino. I had the half chicken plate, it was delicious. The food was great, or waiter was fast and friendly. It was a great atmosphere and great  food.Mon Ami Gabi is a beautiful french restaurant in where else, Paris Casino! I have never been to France myself so I cannot say it feels like I'm right there in Paris. However, the food is better than any french restaurant I have ever been too. The decor is fantastic and the experience is what you would expect for what you are paying. Service is top of the line when it comes to knowledge and communication. I wouldn't say there is much personality but they definitely get the job done. The menu selection is beyond impressive and the quality is equally as such. My only knock is overall value. Sure, I expect things to be overpriced on the strip, especially for higher end restaurants, but that doesn't mean I'm going to agree with it! Overall, if you're looking for an impressive meal, on the heart of the strip, then you won't go wrong with Mon Ami Gabi!On another recent trip we dined here again.  We booked reservation via their website weeks in advance and they honored us with little wait.  FYI, seating outside on the patio is first come first serve.  If full you still may have to wait even with reservation.  We were lucky and got immediate seating.  The food was perfection as always.  I again went for their bone-in ribeye.  As was last time, the chef cooked it to perfection.  I was in steak heaven.  Keep up the good work.  We'll be dining there again on our next visit.Most of the time when I have really amazing food in Las Vegas, my wallet explodes and leaves a mess all over the place. Not here! You'll get fantastic service, wonderful food, in a special environment all for a reasonable cost.

Make sure to try all the french specialties, especially the pate if you're into that. The steaks and sides are where Mon Ami Gabi really shines.

The atmosphere is busy and upscale, but we didn't feel rushed or that we couldn't hear each other. The perfect mix in a Las Vegas restaurant.

A great LV option!My pulled pork bahn mi was excellent, pork was tender and juicy, carrots and onions lightly pickled, and there was a great balance of flavors from the siracha mayo and pork. All of this between a ciabatta bun.

Someone had made reservations for lunch which greatly expedited the hungry situation!

Great location and central to everything, I would highly recommendThis is one of my favorite spots in Vegas...and i try to go every time I visit!
Not only is the food pretty good, but it's one of the only outdoor restaurants in Vegas, and the people watching cannot be beat!  

This is the spot for delicious wine, oysters, and a good burger or steak frite.  The food is basic, but flavorful...and the service is always impeccable.  I've had most things are their menu, from crepes to burgers to salads to fish...and everything's been tasty.  They have an amazing wine by the glass list and lots of yummy cocktails (the French Martini is one to try!)...They also have perhaps the best bread and gooey butter anywhere outside of the real Paris.

Definitely worth checking out for lunch or brunch, when they have an awesome Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar.  I haven't ever been for dinner, but I'm sure it would be great, too.Mon Ami Gabi was such a wonderful experience. On my trip to Vegas, we decided to eat at this particular restaurant because it was relatively close to where we were staying at and we wanted to try French food that didn't cost an arm and a leg. We stopped in on the Saturday lunch rush, and the wait wasn't too long. The hostess was very friendly and courteous. We requested to sit out near the patio, where it was nice and sunny, yet air-conditioned and hostess had no problem with that request. 

For the appetizer my girlfriend and I ordered the escargot bourguignon and we decided to order some bloody marys that we could make at the bloody mary bar. The appetizers came in a timely fashion with a baguette. My girlfriend was kind of worried about eating snails because she has never had them before, but I told her that she wouldn't be disappointed. When the snails came out, the presentation was OK. I guess it was standard for that particular style of escargot. The snails were buttery, which is a good thing in my opinion! The basil sauce each snail came with was superb, perfect for dipping part of the bread into. The bloody marys consisted of top shelf alcohol, which we requested, and we were free to put whatever we wanted, which is expected at a do-it-yourself bloody mary bar. I wish it was an all you can drink bloody mary bar, but one can only wish... It was very good none-the less!

Our entrees consisted of the mussels and gazpacho. The mussels were definitely good. The mussels were cooked perfectly, not rubbery or gritty that some lower end places tend to serve. The mussels were cooked in white wine and garlic, which is like pretty standard for mussels, but they where very large and meaty. What was especially good was that the white wine sauce tasted very good with the baguette that we got at the beginning of our lunch.

For Vegas, the food was very reasonably priced, even with the top shelf alcohol bloody mary bar. This place was much better than the overpriced MGM Grand Buffet that barely passes at edible!I had the special, red snapper, deliciously prepared. I substituted the potatoes successfully.  The service has been excellent. Prices were definitely in the $$$ range so the yelp rating of $$ made the prices a bit of a shock.  Great atmosphere and we would come back.I do not frequent strip hot spots but one of my BFFs is a huge frequenter of this spot so on my birthday she insisted and I readily agreed.  

Luckily because she is a frequenter of this establishment, we had reservations but was able to avoid a part of if by going into the bar and having a few cocktails beforehand.  To wait for our table instead of wanting out front. :/  When our name was called we had the coolest waiter with so much knowledge of wine and food.  I was so impressed he took time for me a wine lover but newby to explain...  Our food was a no brainer because my Bff had it all planned out.

Appetizer was the Escargots De Bourgogne- oven roasted snails in garlic herbs and butter.

The entrees were Salmon Leek Quinoa in a citron butter, a blend of the softly cooked Salmon with a mild onion flavor from the leeks and a mild citron butter to pull it all together.  We also enjoyed the Beef Bourguignon made it is made with beef cheeks a part of beef usually thrown away but so soft and tender and the flavor is amazing.

They do take pride in the food served here and the servers have tons of knowledge to share in wine pairing.  I would go back anytime and even deal with the strip for the food and service here.Oh my god!  This is one of the best places I've experienced in Las Vegas.  The outside seating has a great view of the Bellagio water show and was pleasant to sit in even during a slightly cool night in February.  The bread and carrot salad was great and our waitress was phenomenal with a cute accent.  The food was also good and the Bananas Foster Crepe was delicious, a shame I had to share with two coworkers.Great Vegas restaurant! My husband and I really enjoyed the atmosphere of this restaurant. We were lucky to get a table on the outdoor patio. Our table was against the railing with a wonderful nighttime view of the Bellagio fountains. We were also entertained by Jungle Josh - a guy with a sidewalk act. The menu was small, but very good. The service was excellent. It was a nice evening that was made a bit more romantic by dining under the Eiffel Tower.If a french fry and a potato chip had a baby, the frites at Mon Ami Gabi would be it! My steak came with a heaping mountain of them that took up half the plate. And it was a big plate. 

...and the steak. Ahh so delicious! Perfectly cooked, flavorful, medium-rare perfection. I opted for the peppercorn sauce, which had a slight kick and complemented (not overpowered) the meat. Pretty generous portions, but I still finished the whole thing!

We dined on the patio that sits right next to the Strip, overlooking the beautiful Bellagio waterfront. We basked in the warm glow of the heat lamps that still kept us comfortable in the 48 degree weather. 

My friend subbed out her frites for a side of green beans and they forgot, but they let us keep the frites they brought out anyway, which was nice. Service started out strong and then tapered off to borderline neglect towards the end of the meal, but it was super busy so all is forgiven.  Loved my dining experience here and the prices are reasonable. I will definitely be back!I had a spectacular dinner. Hanger steak with mushroom. We ordered scallops for appetizer and it was delicious. My husband got the Alaskan Cod Special and it was cooked perfect. My Hanger steak was exactly how I ordered it and cooked perfect. We had a great view of the water show Bellagio as well. Highly recommended! Our server was so friendly and always attentive to us.Planning a party for 20 people in Vegas is a nightmare.

Mon Ami Gabi made planning the dinner part the easiest part of my weekend.  The space is amazing, the people are nice and the food was better than I could have ever expected.  Compared to most of the places in vegas, they were very accommodating, not super expensive, and again, NICE.

We had a bit of everything, so I'd say try it all!!Got the filet mignon merlot cause why not: steak was cooked really well..but who comes here for the steak anyway??? 

This place has a 5/5 view with AC blasting to enjoy the Bellagio fountain show...which has the magical power to make the food taste exponentially better.

Service is fine. Price is decent for the view you get. Nom noms.If you sit outside for dinner the view is awesome. Food is good with limited choices but the qualitative. Tried there mussels mariniere and chicken grandmere both were quite a deliscious.I'm revising my review to 4 stars, based on the food and ambiance of this restaurant. The Management reached out to me after reading my initial review of the shocking service we received from one specific waiter there, but the food deserves 4 stars, so I'm updating my initial review. Oh, and I wasn't offered any compensation, but did receive a sincere apology.I absolutely love their steak!!!! I wish the prices were a little more affordable so I don't go as often as I'd like.One of the best finds we had on our Vegas get-away. The staff is wonderful and the food was terrific.I really loved everything about Mon Ami Gabi, but more then anything I LOVED their service. 

I am going to have a hard time going back to restaurants back home because of the impeccable service we received. There wasn't a second my water was less than half full. There wasn't a second that the waitress was socializing and keeping our table entertained. 

When the food came out we were already full from all the appetizers, the bread is so damn good and you know that they make it fresh. 

Things we ordered:
-Baked Goat Cheese w/ Garlic Bread 10/10 (if you don't get anything that I recommended, I highly suggest getting this.)
-Bone In Ribeye 9/10
-Bison Ribeye 8/10
-BLT Ceasars Salad 8.5/10
-French onion soup 8/10

P.S. I enjoyed this place much more than Gordon Ramsey's restaurant, and that says something.

Lastly, you can ask to sit outside and watch the Fountain Show at the Bellagio Hotel, and that's the icing to the cake. 5 STARS... All Day Long.i always bring my visitors here. good food with a good view of the bellagio fountain.It's a great morning when my husband is willing to spend a little extra on Sunday brunch because that means we're going to Mon Ami Gabi! When the weather is perfect the patio is the place to be, but be warned to stay focused on the Bellagio fountains and great food to ignore any possible nuisances passing by on the strip. 

If the weather is not permitting getting a table in their conservatory makes you feel like you've been transported to a far off place...not in the dessert ;-) 
 
Food: enjoying every perfect bite of their eggs Benedict while sipping on my creamy vanilla latte is why I continue to come back. But I've had both dinner and lunch here a few times over the past few years with large and small parties and it never disappoints anyone's taste buds; but can lighten your wallet.

Local tip: join their Lettuce Entertain You rewards program...the coupons are worth it!We had lunch at Mon Ami Gabi and it was a very nice experience. We made reservations for 12pm and we were seated promptly. We sat outside and enjoyed the view. The complimentary bread is nice and fresh. I had the Frangria which was delicious and refreshing. I ordered the small and got 2 glasses out of it. I ordered the Shrimp and Scallop Crepe and my husband ordered the Chicken, Apple and brie sandwich. Both were excellent and the pomme frittes were delicious and perfectly seasoned. We will certainly go back again next time we are in Vegas.I like this place. The service was good. The food was yum and the view is the best part of the whole experience. This place doesn't really need a review. You can tell it's awesome from the strip. It's stood the test of Vegas time and that means a lot. Since we are a ever changing city.Mmmm, sizzlin'!

I don't know how we scored an outside table with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain and the strip, but the view and weather were fantastic! Our server (think his name was Scott) had worked there 10 years and was a pro. Great service and solid advice on a wine pairing. 

I has the filet mignon au poivre and my wife had the bearnaise. Their frites are crazy thin and unlike anything I've seen before. Food was delicious, though I was less impressed by their trademark onion soup, to be honest. 

A little pricey but hey, it's Vegas!Delicious ... great atmosphere ... great service!!! The value? Well, that's relative to what food costs in Las Vegas. I thought it was decent pricing for great food. We went for lunch on Saturday of Thanksgiving weekend. We did not have reservations. We were told the wait would be 15-30 mins but they buzzed us for a table within 5 mins. We were seated outside, near the sidewalk in the front, with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains (we were able to watch 2 fountain shows while seated). They serve you a mini-baguette while waiting for your meal. I loved it, the hubby didn't love it as much as I did; then again, I'm a breadie. I had the French Onion soup (perfect for the cold day we had - it's not something i'd recommend having in the middle of the day in summer). The Gruyère cheese on top of the soup was YUM! For an entrée I ordered the Macaroni Gratin. It's not Kraft mac-n-cheese. This is adult macaroni with cream, butter, and more Gruyère! I shared this with the hubby who ordered the Steak Frites with the caramelized onioins and red wine sauce. I would've licked this sauce off the floor if the plate was dropped. It's that good! The frites were not pomme frites, which is what I was expecting. They were very small, thinly sliced french fries. Blah when paired with the delicious steak. It needed a heartier side. The frites would've been perfect with a burger. We were not able to order dessert, as we were stuffed. I believe the bill was around $50 for all the food we got. Also, we only had water (hangover nursing) and did not partake in the wine. The wine list was extensive and on a normal day, the wine would've been tested. This is the reason for the low food bill. Will we be returning? YES!!! We will never go to Vegas again without a stop at this lovely restaurant.

I do recommend this for adults. I do not recommend this for children. Even though they have a children menu, I think taking your kids will ruin the experience for the other adult patrons. Take your kids to McDonalds or the buffet. Please do not take them to this restaurant!!! Let's leave this place to being intimate and romantic.Best place on the strip to people watch sitting on a outside table on a sunny afternoon . I had chicken sandwich and capucinno . The sandwich came with French style fries. It was very tasty , though I would have preferred a healthier wheat bread in place of the ciabatta bread.There's a reason Mon Ami Gabi has over 3800 reviews and averages four stars. It really is that good. Definitely a worthwhile destination if you're looking for an excellent dinner on the Strip.

Service is impeccable, especially if you're lucky enough to be seated in Michelle's section. She took excellent care of our large party of twelve, answering numerous menu questions, accommodating my gluten free needs, and keeping the food and drinks flowing freely throughout the evening. 

While my dining companions raved about the filet mignon with merlot butter, I opted to try their oysters, flown in fresh from the Pacific Northwest and served with both the traditional cocktail sauce and a great mignonette. These beauties were pristine little taste sensations of the sea. Once I offered to share with my colleagues, it became apparent we would need more. Michelle, once again, to the rescue!

Mon Ami Gabi earned its fifth star by serving me fresh-from-the-oven gluten free bread, which I enjoyed along with the superb chicken liver pate. So traditionally French, and so amazingly delicious. (Don't worry, for  non-GF patrons, you get the normal, gluten-filled crusty baguettes.)Great French food at reasonable prices.  It's not the best French food in town but its not $200 a meal either.  This is definitely a great restaurant totally worth checking out.Went a few years ago with the family while we all happend to be in town.  Yes, it was that good, that a few years later, I'm still raving about this place!

Shrimp Gabi and Steamed Mussels appetizers - shrimp was cooked perfectly.

Steak Au Poivre - my god.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I have yet to order steak in a restaurant and have it come out as perfect as it has at MAG.  You want Medium rare?  You will get medium rare.  'nuff said.

If you even have room for desert after all this gastric-orgasmic experience, try the creme brulee.  Or better yet, the Banana foster crepe.  Oh.  My.  God.  


Entrees do not come with sides, everything is ala carte.  Order one or two sides for the table to share.  It's worth it.  Trust me.

This place was one of my first "anything goes" experiences in Vegas.  Loved that I was eating in high-class french restaurant in shorts and sandals (their only dress code requirements are no swimwear, and no sleeveless t-shirts).

And by god sakes people.  It is Vegas, after all, so I cannot stress enough... CALL AHEAD for a reservation.  You cannot reserve a table on the patio, but if you get by the windows in the Atrium, it's just as good (if not better, since we were there in August with 110 degree heat!).

Definitely would go back.  Probably am the next trip.Service and atmosphere were superb!  Sat outside with a 15-20 minute wait to get a great view of the fountains at Bellagio. 

I had the Steak with béarnaise sauce (rare+) and my wife had the Hanger Steak (rare) which were both cooked absolutely perfectly. The accompanying fries are crisp and add great texture along with the Steaks. The mashed potatoes that my wife ordered are very creamy. Both are  delicious and your best bet is to order one each and share. 

Our waitress Stephanie was amazing and very personable!We went here on 7/7/2015. Beautiful location. Our waitress was very friendly. I ordered the steak frites, my husband ordered a burger with the works and we shared an order of crab cakes. The crab cakes were perfect. My steak frites was delish. The bordelaise sauce was a little too sweet, but not too sweet where I couldn't eat it. I would definitely come back here.As a vegetarian, I sometimes I struggle to find a GOOD vegetarian option at a restaurant. With almost no vegetarian options I was interested in, they were so so so accommodating with my dietary restrictions and what I was craving. All day I was in the mood for a pasta, they whipped me up a delicious vegetarian pasta (they made several modifications to an existing menu item to make it for me) and I can easily say it was one of the best pastas I've ever had in my entire life! Not only that, eating it on the patio while facing the Bellagio fountains was just the icing on the cake  definitely recommend this place. And if you see any reviews saying the wait is too long ignore it because there will be a wait at any LV strip restaurant.The best breakfast place on the strip. This was restaurant of choice for my birthday. We went for breakfast so I could sit on the patio and to beat the heat. I had seafood crepes which are not on the breakfast menu, only the lunch menu, but they cooked them for me. Fantastic! The peas in the cream sauce inside the crepe with the scallops and shrimp are delicious.  My cranberry minosa (not on the menu) was delicious (I just wish it was in a bigger champagne glass! Ha!). 
My husband had the egg breakfast and raved over the hash browns which were cooked crispy and just right. He wants the recipe. His bloody mary was a work of art and huge. He has had the French toast before and also loves that. This is one of my favorite places.The perfect restaurant, I dined at the one in Chicago, and when my girlfriends and I wanted to go to dinner before seeing O! at the Bellagio, I suggested this as teh perfect place.  A nice restaurant, moderately priced, great service, and RIGHT across the street from the Bellagio.  It's awesome to have the fountains go off as you're dining, and the atmosphere & food is great. I would recommend to anyone!We have eaten here several times and each time was just as good as the last! 
Started with the chicken liver mousse, wonderful texture and great flavor.  Next had a cup of the soup of the day; acorn squash with middle eastern spices, it was so creamy and rich.  
For the entrees, my boyfriend had the NY Strip with frites, and those frites are to die for! The frites are such a wonderful crispy salted just right awesomeness!  I will break the "no fried food" rule for those!  As for the steak, he said it was good and it must have been since there wasn't much left on the plate. 
I had the warm bacon salad with a side of mac & cheese, both were great.  The salad was not overdressed and the soft egg added a wonderful creaminess to the entree. 
Creme brûlée for dessert, only wished that the creme part was thicker, but overall a good dessert.
Service was great as always!Great service, wonderful food.  Expect to pay about $80 per person for two courses and wine.  I had the waitress recommended filet mignon with an incredible merlot reduction.  We were lucky enough to have a table just inside of the patio, and the patio doors were rolled back, giving us the incredible backdrop of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our waitress accidentally dripped some red wine on my shirt and she immediately ran to get some soda water and she cleaned it out for me.45 minute wait for patio seating was worth it. Went during lunch and the food was fantastic. The patio has a view of the fountains at tha bellagio.I was fixated on getting crepes. Obsessed. Then, I saw the menu. We had the baked cheese appetizer, which is a warm dose of delicious heaven. Their baguettes are perfect: light, crispy and warm on the outside, soft and tasty inside. Dip it the garlic butter from the escargot... Whoa! They make their potato chips, which will break you from wanting regular chips again. If you want to eat outdoors, it's a long wait. We opted for indoors and were seated immediately. Good service, too. Cute space, well made food.Have breakfast here every time we're in town. Great meal and love sitting outside and people watching. A must when traveling to Vegas!My wife and I ate here this past weekend, and we were very impressed. The service was prompt and courteous. Our server was very helpful pairing wines with our meals. The food was very tasty and came to the table timely. Our view was excellent, looking out to the Bellagio fountains during performances. My only issues were that I wish we had saved room for dessert and getting seated took a while despite our arrival 5 mins prior to our reservation time. All in all, it was an excellent experience, and I would happily go back for a meal.Love the breakfast here but I love the view even more! It's in the perfect spot on the strip right in front of the Bellagio and they have an outdoor heated patio that's perfect for Vegas people watching. 

This time I got the lamb hash which is served with poached eggs and hollandaise. I also got the always delicious blueberry French toast. Both were excellent.This is a great place for breakfast.  The restaurant is in the Paris hotel and is located in the middle of the vegas strip. The wait was a breeze and we were quickly seated in the outdoor patio.  If you dine here I highly recommend eating on the patio, it's a great place for people watching and if your lucky a great view of the Bellagio fountain show.  The menu ranged from waffles to omelettes to eggs Benedict.  I ordered the smoked salmon platter and the others in my party had the smoked salmon eggs Benedict.  The hollandaise sauce was on point.  Food was delicious and service was friendly.  Price was also reasonable, for four people the bill came out to $89.  I'm really glad I had a chance to try this well known vegas establishment.I don't understand the French fascination with adding french fries to steak, but they were good fries, and it was exceptional steak. I highly recommend the New York Strip with the Roquefort sauce. Mouth-watering. The bread pudding, roasted chicken, and spinach side were similarly excellent.

So good is Mon Ami Gabi that I would put it way, way, way ahead of Gordon Ramsay steak. I love Gordon Ramsay, but our experience there was overpriced and not at all up to the standards I've seen Ramsay scream at people for not having when they're in front of a television camera. If you want steak, Mon Ami Gabi is no slouch and you're going to have just as satisfying of a meal for a bit less money.

Only complaint: my steak was supposed to be cooked medium, and I found it to be a little over, as did most of the meat-eaters at the table. Still, the outstanding flavors made up for it and I stopped thinking about it largely after the first bite.i had a very rare medium rare fillet mignon here but the rareness was good because it gave the frites some nice flavor. good people watching i got to see a bunch of people eat it on the sidewalk out front those cooling sprinklers provide the perfect amount of moisture on the sidewalk below to make folks feet slide right out from under them good timesSo, so good. About 25 big ones for the lunch, but it was worth every penny. Pastries and pork bowls galore. Lamb with Chateaubriand sauce: holy snap that's good. Desserts have a good range of selection and all are freakin delicious. MACARONS. LARGE ONES. My only regret was that I didn't eat so much breakfast before I came here! (Although that has no bearing on the score I gave)Hands down the best mussels that I have ever had, anywhere, ever.  Excellent good, and while they are always busy the service does tend to be solid and friendly.  I love sitting in the atrium - it's one of my favorite spots in the city!I have been to this place twice now and each time I had their Prime Steak Sandwhich. All I can say is... AMAZING! The meat is so flavorful and tender it melts in your mouth. Service is pretty good, the servers are very professional and actually check up on you and bring you refills in a timely manner and if you sit outside you get a great view of the always colorful people walking the strip and the Bellagio water show.Had a great happy hour cocktail and some wonderful starters. I highly recommend the smoked salmon with creme fraiche, red onion and capers. I also really enjoyed the butter lettuce and apple salad! It had a great combination of roasted beets (not usually a fan of, but they pulled it off) with goat cheese and an apple cider vinagrette!  

Food, ambiance and service was fantastic...as usual!!!I actually really enjoyed this place! The two of us went the morning after the 4th of July, so we beat the crowds at 9 AM. We were seated right away and the waitress was super friendly. We ordered the strawberry waffles and three eggs which we got with sausage. Everything was so good. My waffles were crunchy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. The whipped cream was a nice addition to the fresh strawberry slices on my waffles. The sausage wasn't too salty which I'm always afraid of, the eggs were cooked perfectly, and the toast was perfect as well. A very light and easy breakfast done right.Awesome European style cafe on the Vegas Strip. Had dinner and wine with my wife at a street side table while in Vegas for a trade show.  Watched the Bellagio fountains 5 times during dinner which added to the exceptional dining experience.  Add Mon Ami Gabi to your dining plans when in Vegas.Had lunch twice while on a weekend business trip. I wished I would have had all my meals here. Although not perfect, they do a fantastic job in a very busy mileu. Day one I had the French Onion soup, my personal benchmark for a restaurant. Wow. The portion was generous, the gruyere delicious and the soup itself richly flavored without being salty (are you listening Thomas Keller?) The french bread was likewise great. The signature steak frites was tasty, though the very thin cut made my rare order somewhat relative. I ate almost all of the frites (french fries) at great risk to my cardiovascular health. Although I was not remotely hungry afterwards, I ordered the bread pudding. It was a little non-traditional, more like a sponge cake with caramel sauce , but excellent for what it was. I came back the next day and brought a friend. The sole special was past its freshness peak and my artichoke soup could have been warmer. Had I had more time I would have sent it back, but such was not the case. My lunch partner was pleased with his beef sandwich. Finally, the waitstaff was great, very friendly and efficient. There are a number of secondary dining room managers on the prowl also keeping things running smooth. The only other place I have had this level of service recently was in the Brennan family restaurants in New Orleans.Wow! That is one of the best French restaurants I've ever been to (including a few in Paris). Everything was top-notch! We had a lovely lunch there and it's all thanks to you, dear yelp users! I researched few places nearby and Mon Ami Gabi had so many good reviews that I decided on trying it right away. 

First impression - this place is enormous! We wanted to sit on a patio and to get there we went trough three or four different dining rooms. The view outside is great, as the restaurant is facing Bellagio and its beautiful fountains. The staff was very nice and organized, we were promptly seated and handed menus. A lot of dishes seemed appetizing so it took a while to order. 

For a starter we shared goat cheese and snails in garlic, butter and herbs. Both were simply delicious! Escargot were best I ever had and goat cheese came with creamy tomato sauce and fresh and crispy baguette. Mmm... Next we all ordered onion soup. It was very nicely prepared, with the melted cheese on the top. I don't know why I ordered it as I absolutely hate french onion soup. It must have been peer pressure :D. However, it was still one of the most passable onion soups I ate. And others like it very much, so it's probably great. After the first course we were already pretty full, but we made a mistake of ordering everything at once, so a few minutes later spinach and salmon salad with walnuts and blueberries arrived before me. And it was a surprising dish. In my opinion a salmon salad always consist of lots of small salmon pieces, not one big hunk of fish and all the other stuff next to it. It was more of the size of the main course and should have been named 'salmon and salad' not 'salmon salad'. But it's all semantics. Walnuts and blueberries gave the dish a refreshing taste, and even though I didn't manage to finish it, it was still very tasty. Our friends decided on salmon tatar with chips and it was probably the weakest part of the meal, but still not bad. It just lacked some herbs or spices. During our visit we also drank a lot of lemonade. At the beginning I made a mistake of ordering home made tea. In Poland, where I live, it always taste sweet, however, as I quickly learned, in America it's just regular tea, only cold. It did not taste good. The waiter was so nice, that upon noticing my mistake, she proposed switching it for sweet lemonade right away. And she didn't even put the tea on the bill. 

We left the place full and content. Looking back, it was probably one of the best restaurants I visited during the stay. Definitely recommend.Way better than spending an hour and a half at the blackjack table! Spend your money here.

Definitely get a reservation. We had a reservation and still waited 20 minutes in line to get to the hostess to tell her we were there (It was Saturday night on the strip). This is a place to plan for and look forward to.

The food was amazing. Steaks are the way to go and yes the fries are as good as the reviews. We also went high society and ordered the escargot... mmmmmm.

What a treat. Great for a date night or with friends. If your gonna bring the kids they'll be happy with the french fries but maybe not a potential wait.Our favorite restaurant to go to for breakfast while we're in Vegas. We like to sit out on the patio next to the Las Vegas Blvd. strip and enjoy our meal. Since it's located in front of Bellagio, you sometimes will get to see the water show while dining there. Give this place a try.Really great bistro style place in the Paris Casino.  It's on the medium side of pricey for vegas, but worth it.  We went for brunch after lounging at the pool all morning.  I had the bacon, egg, and cheese crepe and a side of fruit.  My wife had a quiche that was both good and enormous (we probably could have shared it).  My crepe was excellent.  The crepe was light and yummy, and the fillings were savory.  Normally, I don't expect much when I order fruit at a restaurant, but all the fruit were ripe and perfect as well.  (I'm so used to getting rock hard cantaloupe at other places!)  Service was really good too.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly.

If you are near Paris, I would definitely recommend this place.  I want to come back and try their steak frites one day.  I would also definitely recommend this restaurant over Ile St. Louis on the other side of the Paris Casino.  The breakfast crepe that I got there was dry and tasteless.There's really one thing that makes this place - the patio, which is right across the street from the Bellagio. It's a perfect dining spot. The one thing to keep in mind is that the patio is first come/first served, so you may want to stop by just before (or as) they open if you don't want to sit around waiting.

Fortunately, the food is also very tasty. Both times I've been there I had some form of a steak, which, of course, is served with fries. The fries are cut very thin, very crispy, a tad on the greasy side, and oh so very tasty. Spend the extra few dollars for the filet rather than going with the normal strip steak they serve.

The service is very solid - very good, quasi-high class but not snooty.

And for the location and food I think the prices are rock solid. Just a few dollars more than the Outback down the street.

Whenever people ask where to have dinner in Vegas I always recommend this place.By far my best dining experience in Vegas, actually in a while. They definitely deserve all 5 stars for the service, food, appearance and everything.

Service:
We came here without reservations and were told we had an 1 and 30 minute wait so we figured we would walk around and catch the Fountains at Bellagio show. The hostess then told us to come back after 30 minutes and she would give us a buzzer. We see the show and come back only to have to wait for just 3 minutes. We asked them to sit us on the balcony and with only a side balcony table being opened they let us wait for the center table to to be cleaned without any issue! Our waitress had a very cheery attitude and recommended us dishes to try.

Food:
We started of with Duck confit and spinach with cranberries on the side and OMGoodness it was to die for! Like seriously the duck melted in my mouth! I ordered the steak with the caramelized onions and hand carved french fries and my bf had the seafood special. The food was well cooked and very filling.

I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi for a nice dinner and will be back for more duck confit!すごい人気で、予約していなかったので40分くらい待ちました。
サラダとステーキ？を頼みました。
どちらもとても美味しかったです。
ついてくるバケットも、バターがおいしくて完食してしまいました。
接客もよく、お腹いっぱいになってとても満足しました！Mon Ami Gabi? Oui Oui!!!

This place is a solid 4 stars in my book.  I'd definitely recommend and come back for the location, reasonable price, savory food, and excellent service.  

If you are not in a rush, waiting for the outside seating, or near outside seating next to the bar, is well worth the experience.  The bellagio water show is nothing new to me but if you're new to vegas, definitely sit outside.  You'll get a host of envyous onlookers as they walk by and also see the water show across the street.

Attached are some pictures of:
1. Seafood Crepe - The scallops and prawns were AMAZINGLY delicious and generous in size.  I personally think the crepe robbed the seafood of the flavor, ha.

2. Eggs Benedict - The english mufffin was a bit tough to cut through, but overall, the excellently poached egg (and I do mean excellent), ham, muffin and sauce were a symphony in my mouth.  The hash browns were well seasoned and delish...I only wish they had served the dish with more!!!  Potato is cheap, come on Gabi!  

I noticed MANY people dining on the French Soup.  I didn't get to try it, but that is on my list for my next visit back to this restaurant.  

Just Say Oui Oui to My Friend Gabi!!Absolutely delicious!
My bridesmaids surprised me with a late dinner at Mon ami gabi, wow it was so perfect, we need a new word for perfect;) everything is full of flavor, even the bread. It's a must try!This is my go-to spot for brunch in Las Vegas, have been likely over 10 times. Directly across from the bellagio water fountains with patio seating, cappuccino served in a bowl the size of your head, decent prices and pleasant french-inspired american brunch food. My recent favorite is the tuna tartareMon Ami Gabi deserves its 4-star rating. We dined here for breakfast, and it did not disappoint. The food was delicious with an unbeatable view of the strip to boot. 

Tips: 
1. You can make a reservation here, but that will preclude you from eating on the patio. Reservations are strictly for inside the restaurant. 

2. The wait for the patio is worth it. When we arrived at around 8:30 am, the hostess notified us that the wait would be 20-30 minutes. In reality, our buzzer rang after just 10 minutes. 

3. The most popular breakfast items are the Benedicts and the Corned Beef Hash & Poached Eggs. For sweeter entrees, our server recommended the Skinny Pancakes (crepes) and French Toast (made with brioche baked in-house). 

We ordered the Salmon Benedict and the Corned Beef, both of which we loved! The Salmon Benedict was a unique twist on the traditional dish. The English muffin cradling the salmon and poached egg was unbelievably fresh and delicious. It blows Thomas English muffins out of the water. The Corned Beef dish was equally phenomenal. This meat is not your canned corned beef. It's actual pieces of tender, salt-cured steak, accompanied by soft pieces of potato. The poached eggs were the perfect topper. Once you break open the eggs, the yolk oozes all over the meat and potatoes, adding even more flavor to the dish. Both the Salmon Benedict and the Corned Beef were served with a side of hash browns, which were good but not noteworthy. 

We are glad we came for breakfast and hope to return for dinner the next time we are in town.Wonderful food, great service and the soups are always good!You can't go wrong at this brunch spot. Everything we tried was delicious including the French toast and the corned beef hash. The Bloody Mary bar is where it's at though, you get to pick your own assortments. It's also a great view of the Bellagio fountains and Vegas people watching if you can grab a spot outside.Love the food and atmosphere here. Always packed so make a reservation in advance. The patio doesn't take reservations and always has a separate wait line. During the weekdays when it's not as busy, it's nice to sit out there and people watch. 

// lunch review // Fresh baguette is served with creamy butter. Already I'm transported for France. Pate is delicious and more solid than what I've had before. Mussels are large and juicy, definitely better than many places I've had. The half order was plenty for a single person serving. The steak frites are of course always a good choice for a hearty meal. I love the French fries here as they are freshly cut and have a unique texture. 

Service is attentive and the waiter that helped us had such a great attitude despite the busy lunch crowd. Will be back!Second visit to this restaurant. First time was with girlfriends, second time was with fiance.  Filet on first visit was out of this world.  Second visit: the duck confit app was divine.  The trout amandine was good but not great, as was the chicken paillard. Try the inexpensive rose wine.  With the duck, we were dying!My wife and I had a great time at this wonderful establishment. Great food, Great staff. What more can I say. My wife who lived in Paris for over decade loves the food here. So if someone from France loves the American version of French food then you are in good hands.
Please take the time to enjoy the food, it is well worth it.
Cannot wait to go back the next time we are in Vegas.Ate here with the boys on our trip to Vegas last weekend. Changed our 7pm reservation to 8:30 with no trouble (via Open Table). Waited at the bar for less then 2-3 minutes while they prepped our table. For the price, the food was unreal. Us Kansas boys know a good steak when we see it, and the filet & hanger cuts we ordered were cooked perfectly (love that merlot butter too!) and were the perfect portion. Waitress was very friendly & helpful with wine & appetizer suggestions. Were there around 2 hours total, and were never given the feeling of us needing to be rushed out of there. Highly recommended! Great date or group spot for dinner.My wife and I were in Las Vegas in April 2014 for a wedding, and had relatively few meals on our own. I'm very glad that a friend had recommended Mon Ami Gabi. Having recently been to France and enjoyed bistro food there, we were pleased to be able to get it much closer to home. From the crisp, delicious baguette and butter provided to start our meal, to the onion soup, pate, roasted brie with honey and hazelnuts, and my open-face salmon / egg salad sandwich, everything was delicious. The frites, probably cut on a mandoline, were really crisp, a perfect fry. Although my friend had recommended that we sit outside (facing the Bellagio fountain), the wait for an outside table was ~45-60 minutes, and we elected to eat inside, which was fine and much quieter than many area restaurants. I would certainly return to Mon Ami Gabi.I am a Vegas local that manages top restaurants, lounges and nightclubs on the strip (not associated with Mon Ami Gabi or it's parent company) and I happy to refer to Mon Ami Gabi as my favorite "go-to" restaurant in Las Vegas. 

I have eaten at this restaurant more than any other local establishment. I get comps at other locations and pay full price at Mon Ami Gabi and yet I still choose to go there. Food, service and atmosphere are that good. It's my spot and hey always treat me well. 

Have never had mediocre or bad service. They are very attentive and the floor runs like a well oiled machine. This place puts some serious numbers through the doors on a daily basis. Large space and you will find that every table is sat for dinner seven days a week. I suggest a reservation. They do not take reservations for the outside terrace on the strip that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. Although a true local will figure out ways to get a spot out there w/o waiting with the tourists. 

A must try is the "Baked Cheese" appetizer. It is a heaping piece of warm goat cheese in an amazing red Italian sauce and spices. Comes with two pieces of fresh warm garlic bread. This has got to be one of the best appetizers in the city! 

They also have great oysters. Always order half a dozen as an appetizer. Tasty! 

The steaks are the winner here. They are as good as the meat served in the finest steakhouses in the top casinos. Order mushrooms or creamy spinach as a side. Two - three people can share a side item. Save room for dessert as that is also the bomb! 

Only have three minor complaints - 
1) Tables in front of the kitchen doors are not ideal and very annoying. Refuse to be sat there as he swinging door will open and close hundreds of times during your meal. 
2) The paper on the table tops is tacky. We deserve a cloth. You can afford to change them.
3) BRING BACK THE FISCHER BEER!!

That is it. The price is super affordable and reasonable. Try Mon Ami Gabi and I promise you will not be mad about your decision. If you frequent this establishment than consider becoming a member of the Frequent Diners Club. Really pays off!

I am going to try brunch for the first time since moving here seven years ago. Stay tuned for that review...I live in Las Vegas, and my boyfriend and I LOVE to frequent this restaurant! Great atmosphere, great food, and great people watching!  We enjoy going any afternoon/evening.... we always request to sit on the patio front so that we can have the strip view, and it also gives us the opportunity to see the beautiful Bellagio fountain show as well.... we always have a few beers or glasses of wine while enjoying the Baked Goat Cheese, the Mussels Mariniere and the yummy fresh baked bread!

I have always had a great time at this restaurant! The service has been consistently wonderful and charming each time we have been.  Would definitely recommend going for anyone who hasn't been!Sat outside in view of the Bellagio fountains and the passers by. The bread was great, the house salad was really fresh and delicious. The onion soup was far too sweet for my taste so I would not order that again, but the steak frites was delicious! Sadly, didn't have any room for the creme brûlée.I do not hand out many 5 star reviews! Mon Ami Gabi definitely earned it!

Blah blah with all the people suggesting to eat out on the patio.. yeah, who wouldn't want to?????!!!!! Is it readily available or easy to get a patio table?! NO! You cannot get a reservation for a patio table, there is a first-come-first-serve basis. This means that on a weekend, be ready to wait 1hour to 1 hour 30 minutes...

However, eating in the dining room is just as lovely! We came here for my boyfriend's birthday and made reservations.  Upon arrival, of course we wanted an outside table but the wait was too long so we opted for inside.

Our waiter was amazing! Absolutely so attentive! The type of waiter where he has what you need before you know you need it! Kept that Diet Coke coming! 

The food was SO SO GOOD! We shared the Frisee Kale & Warm Bacon salad with a Poached Egg.  This salad tasted amazing! Highly Recommended!

I ordered the Steak au Poivre with Pomme Frites and WOW! I was so impressed! This steak was SO TENDER and so FLAVORFUL. I've had some pretty expensive steaks and this was up there in the quality but not in the price!

My boyfriend had the Filet Mignon au Poivre with Green Beans and he boasted about his steak as well.  It looked nice, thick and juicy! (don't be perverted)

We shared my pomme frites and his green beans and both were very very good!

We will definitely be back on our next Vegas trip! Can't wait!Love this FRENCH restaurant & their outside patio.  After a night of debauchery in SIN CITY, definitely recommend to come here for breakfast before departing this scandalous city whom we all love!!  Make sure to sit outside if the weather permits; "outdoor heaters", baby!!!.  I was there in January and ordered their scrumptious eggs benedict and munching on countless FRESH BAGUETTE served with SOFT BUTTER while enjoying the view of Bellagio infamous "water" spitting fountain :)  
I had dinner there back in 2004....bad memory, so can't remember what I ordered...solly!! Can tell you it was good if not, I would not be coming back every time I visit :PReallly good Steak Borderlaise, substituted the frites with mashed potatoes, really set the night! It was reallllyyy packed that night during CES, but the service was impeccable and friendly, and we say free fountain shows across at the Bellagio. One of the best steak I had during my trip, and even the creme brulee was the right amount of softness.

Really recommended, and make reservations!YUM! YUM! YUM!

Saw so many great reviews about this here that we simply HAD to try it!  

We came for breakfast and sat on the patio.  It was about 15 degrees C out but the heaters they had on were sooooo warm we had to ask them to turn it down!

I had the croissant w/chicken, avocado and tomato?  It was very yums!  I particularly liked the frise salad that was served on the side.  I also had the mimosa ($9.95) that was very delicious!  Not too much orange juice (would like to try the raspberry one next time).  Hubby had the ham and cheese (gruyere) omelette served with hash and toast (baguette slices).  The omelette was fluffy and moist.  Hubby scarfed down the hash so quickly I didn't have the chance to taste :P

Altogether our meal came to about $36.  Had it not been for our fascination for buffets and our crazy spending - we'd probably go again for dinner.The food and service made my night. Their fries were pretty good. It's not overly oily or burnt or soggy. Perfect! I think something they could do about the half plate of fries was to add something else like seasoned vegetables, some sort of salad, or just a smaller portion of fries. It was great, but I couldn't finish it all! I ordered a Steak Dijon and it was good, but they could have been a bitttt more generous with the sauce. My brother's Steak Merlot was ok given that he ordered it medium well. (not a big fan of anything more than medium) My dad's filet mignon...MMMMMMMMMMM...YUMMY! He doesn't like bloody stuff, so it was well done and still!!! I'd think it'd be difficult to order a tasty well done filet mignon, but this chef did it! Meat was not burnt, hard, or super chewy. Nice and tender. Delicious!!! I've got nothing but compliments for their food. My mom had the Trout Amandine. I expected it to be so-so, but goodness! It was practically boneless and the fish was sooooooo soft. It felt like it just melted in my mouth. I ordered a banana crepe afterward and it was okay! It wasn't amazing, but everything else for the night was just wonderful. Definitely coming back again! :)Go for patio seating and enjoy the world class fountain show across the Blvd at the Bellagio and freak class people watching along the Blvd .    Then there is the food... It is amazing.  Love the egg white omelet for breakfast. Steak sandwich for lunch. French onion soup with dinner.  Service is impeccable.Since this is an "update" it means I've eaten here now many times. It's always been wonderful. Each time it's a bit different because of the season or whether it's for dinner, lunch and now brunch (the menu changes as well) but never ceases to be enjoyable. We had brunch this time. I always love sitting outside and enjoying the French "bistro" cuisine at Mon Ami Gabi. I think we were fortunate to find a shady table since it was over 100 degrees in Las Vegas the day we were visiting, and we were determined to sit at a table outside. 
Keep in mind that nowhere else on earth can you sit at a classic French Bistro, savor delicious food, drink great wine and watch the Fountains at the Bellagio playing "Viva Las Vegas." Memorable! They may be famous for the Steak Frites, but I love the Country Style Pâté and the French Toast (which I had at brunch this visit) is fantastic, while my friend raved about the Corned Beef Hash and Poached Eggs with roasted red pepper (my stomach still ached from the nightmare of El Sombrero in Juneau so I passed!). 
Our waitress was wonderfully nice, very attentive and even was good enough to take a picture of us at our table. Truly memorable! I might even stay at the Paris next time just to be closer. Also, because of all the hassles and disappointment at the Aria, we ended up stowing our bags with the bellman here at the Paris. They were EXTREMELY courteous and helpful and urged us to come back and stay at the Paris next time. That was a great end to our trip and was really cool. Since the Aria was so bad, I think we will try the Paris next time... review to follow!This place is awesome because of the atmosphere. Its one of those places that if the food is average the atmosphere will just make everything taste better. Sitting on the outside patio you feel like your in another world and forget that your sitting on the strip. Have a cup of coffee and a person to have a conversation with and you'll love it...DONT SIT INSIDE!Hands down my favorite view on the strip. The patio offers a superb place to people watch and view the fountains at the Bellagio. The food is traditional French, They do a good job, which is no small task considering how many people they serve in a day. A nice assortment of entrees and a large wine list.Went for brunch this weekend in a party of 8, and it was a success.  A coworker had recommended it to me - saying it was the best eggs Benedict she'd ever had - so obviously I had to check it out!

I called around 9AM to make a reservation for 10:30 AM, and they were able to accommodate us easily.  That was already a good sign - no waiting, and we didn't have to make the reservation days ahead of time.

Breakfast is served until 11AM, so I ordered a croissant sandwich (egg, avocado, turkey and mayo).  And like the french-fry addict that I am, I had to try the pomme frites!  Little did I know, the croissant sandwich would be HUGE (they were generous with the eggs!) and I would hardly be able to finish half of it.  The croissant was SO GOOD!  It was crispy, buttery, and flaky.  Just how I'd want a croissant to be!  It was definitely the best part of the dish.  The frites were also wonderful - really skinny, crispy, and flavorful.  Wish I had more room in my stomach to finish them!

We also ordered the egg white omelette - which we thought was a little odd.  It looked like a crepe made of eggs, filled with turkey and topped with avocados.  It wasn't bad, but it was a strange consistency for eggs.

The nutella hazelnut waffle - AMAZING.  A must-order.  It's crispy on the outside, filled with nutella on the inside, and comes with fresh whipped cream.  I could have eaten the whipped cream with a spoon!

Overall everything was good, and I'd definitely come back here.  Unfortunately it was a rainy day in Vegas, so we were sitting inside, but I'm sure it'd be lovely to have an outdoor patio seat next time.We had a great anniversary lunch thanks to this wonderful restaurant and Daniel our server was professionally courteous.Came here for early lunch with my fiance before an exploration day on the strip and loved it. Ordered cold seafood platter for two and enjoyed everything. Service was also outstanding. Would definitely recommend.Steakhouses are all over Vegas. This is definitely one of the good ones. I've been here twice and both times left satisfied. It's  located right at the front of the Casino off the strip. If you're lucky you might get prime seating with great views of the strip. 

They start you off with their french bread. The bread itself was delicious and the butter was creamy. They also have this carrot spread that tasted good. Their selection of wines was extensive, but I went with a simple cocktail drink. 

If you love cheese and onions then their french onion soup is a must! The soup was not too salty and the melted cheese mixed well with the onions. It's a large serving, but I make it dissappear in seconds! On to the main course...the steak! I chose the boned in ribeye! It was cooked to my preference (medium) and also includes a sauce spread to add some flavor. 

The service is great. They will try to accommodate any requests. I highly recommend making reservations. Overall, this is a good choice to try in vegas!We've been before for dinner but this was such a pleasant daytime experience! Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains with delicious French cuisine.Right on the strip so it's really convenient for me since I stayed at Planet Hollywood. The interior of the restaurant looks really classy. We sat outside near the window and it was so beautiful. It's a perfect place to have breakfast. Our server was wonderful! She was extremely friendly and recommended us a few dishes to try. All the food turn out great! They gave us  hot bread on the house as an appetizer. We ate all the bread and got pretty full before our food came out lol. I ordered the Smoked Salmon Egg Benedict which came with hashbrowns and had no regrets. My cousins ordered steak from the lunch menu which was also really flavorful and delicious. 

If you're looking for something good to eat for breakfast with a great environment, this would be the spot!Back again and still loving it.  Best friend and I had dinner here.  It was a Sunday night and their was a 45 minute wait, but hey that's what gambling is for.  Our waiter was great with suggesting wine pairings for my friend.  Their escargot is awesome.  They never rush you and are very attentive.  Did I mention the awesome view of the fountains show?  Well it is great.  I will be back again next year on our yearly trip.A clear favorite for breakfast when we come to LV. Lots of interesting items on the menu. Usually order something extra because it's hard to decide. Great setting. Always good service. Very very pleasant place for a morning meal.Delicious! Best breakfast in town. I had the chicken, apple, brie crepe and it was delicious.Our server was amazing. Try the scallops and escargot. Very fresh. The baugettes are fresh as is the butter they serve it with. Definitely a splurge though but you won't regret it!Mon Ami Gabi is by far one of the best culinary experiences I have had. All the reviews on here raving about the food are accurate. You will not be disappointed. I would have given this 5 stars but I was turned off by the fact that you cannot reserve the patio. IMO you should be be able to reserve at least part of it and then leave the rest as first come first serve. The service is not that great and I am not a diva by any means. We ordered the Mussels and the plate came out with the sauce under the bowl so it dripped all over the table and our waitress did nothing about it. The server saw it and he finally covered it with a cloth. Between appetizers and our main course our waitress did not clear the table and I started to place our dishes on the table next to us to make room. When she saw this she rushed over and said, "No this table is clean." I wish mine was too! lol. Aside from that great place don't expect the same quality service as the food though.Great place for breakfast! I went here with a large group of 14. We were seated at two tables in the patio area. It's such a charming restaurant! I felt like I was in Paris. Even our server had a French accent. I already had plans for lunch so I just shared the corned beef hash and poached eggs. The portion was smaller than I expected. I also ordered a cup of coffee and it was excellent. Overall, I had a experience at Mon Ami Gabi. The food was delicious with great service and lovely atmosphere. Definitely a great option for breakfast/brunch food in Vegas.My fiancé and I came here for brunch based on a friends recommendation. The food was delicious, service is excellent, and the views are nice. I got the smoked salmon eggs Benedict and my fiancé got the turkey and cheese omelette. My plate was delicious but my fiancé didn't care too much for his omelette. 

Only tiny complaint is the glasses are really dusty and I'm just drinking grapefruit juice and dust but I didn't want to complain over something so minimal. 

Overall, it's a good restaurant to try out.I thought the food was great! My wife had the amazing filet mignon which was divine and my steak was excellent. They give you an outrageous portion of French fries, good thing they are delicious. I thought it was a pretty classy place with good service. Way too long of a wait to sit outside. The window was just as nice to sit by plus no cigarette smoke from people outside.The perfect place for a romantic 30th wedding anniversary dinner.  Food and service was superb!  Thank you Mon Ami Gabi!Woohooooo!! Writing this review makes me want to fly to Vegas!
Mon Ami Gabi IS Vegas. I dine here every time I leave, just to end my trip with a BANG, after losing money on the slots. 

The outdoor patio is so romantic, the natural light glistens through the glass over your head, while seated inside a cool fanned room.

The seafood is as fresh as it gets. Order the seafood sampler.... So worth it! $50 for jumbo prawns, salmon ceviche, mussels, and more!

I've had their Ahi salad as well, and that was excellent! The vibe is not authentic or French, but its very open, relaxing, and that everyone around you in having an enjoyable time. 

I never make a reservation, who needs one in Vegas when you can put your name on the wait list and head over to the casino for 30 min?This place is fantastic although busy! Definately make reservatons if on a time crunch and expect to wait for outside seating but it's worth it! The food is fabulous and wine is devine! Finish to evening with a visit to the top of the Eifel Tower!My fiance got the steak with mashed potato, while I got salmon with green peas. We also got the leek soup to share. The food was fantastic and tasty, but the female waitress waiting on our table did not give us much recognition. I'm glad that my fiance made reservations to this place. They gave us a loaf of warm bread upon entering. The leek soup was very rich, and tasted like clam chowder. I really enjoyed all the food. Having said that, I would be back, but there are so many places to try in BBAEGASExcellent service  
Accepts reservations
Outdoor seating with heaters (in winter)
Megan was our waitress & she was excellent!
Typical Vegas pricing 
Nice high ceilings, natural light, comfortable seating.
Nutella waffle - Devine!As a person suffering from Celiac Disease, I was sad knowing that I would have to pass on "french" bread at a premiere french restaurant.  I was delighted to find out Gabi's had a special gluten free menu of dishes including fresh made gluten-free bread just for me!  The food was amazing, the server friendly and the atmosphere relaxed.  I would HIGHLY suggest getting reservations ahead of time for outside seating in the evening, so that you can watch the spectacular Orchestrated Fountain show across the street at the Bellagio throughout your meal. 

We will definitely return to this place everytime we go to Vegas!Oh what a gorgeous lunch i had here. And i am referring to the food.

I ordered an endive and pear salad as an appetizer with a glass of freshly squeezed OJ. I had a freshly ground Ahi Tuna burger with fries for my entree, and finally, the most beautiful apple tart for dessert. Honestly, everything tasted so good that i just wanted to sit there forever and savor every last bite.

Everything is crafted very well, the service is great and the food is very fresh. And you really need to try that Ahu Tuna burger - it's very moist (contrary to the name) and very nicely flavored. The apple tart is unlike a typical fruit tart - the apple had been cramelized forever so it was very flavorful, the crust wasn't too thick so it didn't overshadow the apple. 

Go try it and enjoy the view:)Ooh, la, la Mon Ami Gabi.  Merci, for a yummilicious dinner last night.  I made a last minute dinner reservation for 9:15, we showed up at 8:45 and they were able to squeeze us in.  I was hoping that I could make a reservation on the patio, but it's first-come first serve, and I was not willing to wait for 2 hours.  They seated us at an indoor table right next the window, so that we could still see the Bellagio fountains.  The server brought out some couscous, compliments of the chef, and freshly baked french bread and butter.  I feel a little guilty for having my boyfriend sitting across from me because I have to say that I was in love with the butter.  I ordered the house salad and my bf ordered the french onion soup.  I was really surprised by their large portions because I was expecting it to be smaller.  Then our entrees came, I got the steak au pouvre and the bf got the steak with onions.  My heart was all aflutter when I saw what was on my plate.  A large platter which was half covered with a thin steak and frites.  The steak was flavorful and cooked to a perfect medium.  The frites were amazing, like strips of freshly cooked potato chips.  So like total gluttons, we inhaled our dinner.  As for dessert, we couldn't do it, we had eaten too much.  What made my bf very happy, which I think any water drinker would appreciate, was that his water glass was always filled without ever having to search for someone to refill it.  I can't wait to actually go back for dessert.Diner was excellent like in france! 

Do not hesitate to go for the escargot de bourgogne and moules frites, they were amazing !!!

Price is oK, enjoy!!!Get ready to drop $75 on breakfast (for two); but it's worth it! Very attentive servers and the loaded bloody Mary will cure what ails. Hash browns perfectly crisp, cappuccino perfectly frothy and eggs Benedict delicious. Would recommend.If I could give this place 10 stars I would! I can not get enough of this amazing food! The location is fabulous right across from the fountains at Bellagio and they have outdoor seating so you can watch the fountains as well as people watch! The service was phenomenal and very understanding and helpful! The food however is the real gem! I cannot find anything comparable which is the only bummer because it will leave you craving more!We hit this spot for breakfast. As expected, the prices are a bit inflated given you're on the strip and that you are sitting outside. That in itself is worth the extra couple bucks! It's nice to just people watch and sit under the "Eiffel" Tower! ;)

I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict. As always, I ask for the Hollandaise on the side b/c they tend to drown everything else in it. I normally only use a fraction of it. The dish itself was really good... I also liked the hashbrowns on the side, which I normally don't eat. They were prepared a bit differently and went perfectly with the benedict. 

I would definitely recommend this dish but the French toast looked amazing as did some of the crepes. It seems like you could probably have a great breakfast with whatever you decide to order!This place has the best hash browns I have ever had.  I know it's a bold statement but it's true.  It's freaking amazing. 
I had the corned beef hash and it was good. Not the best I've ever had, but good. 
The venue is super nice.  Great views.  I would def come back just for the hash browns.Excellent Easter Sunday at this delicious restaurant!  I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi to everyone for a real French experience.  Eggs Benedict was perfect!  This will be one of my regulars for sure!Hangar steak was excellent, location couldn't be better across from bellagio fountain. Very reasonably priced. Nice bistro decor.Another very good meal at Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris Hotel-- thank you to my waiter Chris for his recommendations.  Had the filet mignon with a combination of the blue cheese and peppercorn sauce -- Delicious!!  Started with the market tomato salad -- nicely presented and very fresh. 
For dessert -- a bowl of fresh berries with chocolate sauce!! Just as good this morning as it was last night (It was a really big bowl)By far my wife's favorite restaurant in town.  The French onion soup is out of this world and the skate fish entree is terrific.  Steaks are great and service is top notch.  This place is expensive so we do not get to eat here often but when we do it is always worth the money.I'm addicted to their brunch - especially their daily Eggs Benedict special.  A favorite was the lobster benedict.  I've always been waited on my a kind and courteous staff.  And when the hostess says "inside or outside" she really means "outside", not a fake vegas "outside" with clouds painted on the ceiling.  Outside is strip side view right across from the Belagio fountains.Perfect view, perfect table, perfect food, perfect company....perfect meal!

Seven of us were seated at the table on the outside corner of the patio with the BEST VIEW of the Bellagio fountains.  A better location for viewing the fountains would be floating above the sidewalk, but I think that's about it!  We had reservations, but forgot to specifically ask for a patio table.  We arrived for our reservation and asked, and it was only a 10 minute wait! For the best table on the patio, no less!

I'm amazed that our meal was only $45 each (including tax and tip).  That would include: 

Pitcher of "Fran"gria

Appetizers (to share):
half dozen oysters- come with shallots in vinegar, lemon, and cocktail sauce.  a bit on the small size, but perfectly delicious
homemade potato chips (I forget the fancy name) -so good.
three cheese plate- delectable.  we also went through five or six of their demi baguettes....

Individual Entree:
I got the scallops and they were DIVINE.  I even enjoyed the spinach that came with it.  Even the spinach!

Dessert (to share):
Apple Tartin- my favorite dessert! (and believe me, it was hard to choose...)
Chocolate Mousse- chocolate and decadent
Pear parfait- i don't even like pears, i loved this
Bread pudding- caramel-y and amazing

Our waiter was hilarious and prompt, and a great photographer too boot (group photo while the fountains were on was great).

I cannot say enough good things about this place!Really good experience here!  We ate breakfast outside (great people watching spot). I had the date covered bacon, Belgian waffles and a mimosa; my BF had salmon eggs florentine and bloody Mary.   Food was delicious and the server was really funny and awesome. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas!This is a FANTASTIC!!!! place to be to have dinner at night request for patio seating because you will see the Bellagio water show. Excellent menu all around and the wine is fantastic!Excellent service et vraiment un tres bon restaurant qualite prix! Essayez les moules! C les meilleurs que j'ai jamais manger!One of my new favorite spots in Las Vegas. Amazing views of the bellagio fountains outside and comfortable ambiance inside.  Best prime rib sandwich I've had in my life.I am indeed a fan.  We got a great seat in the inner patio (the covered section).  It was fantastic because you still get a 180-degree view of the Bellagio fountains without being exposed to the gusty wind conditions that particular night.  
The food was great for the price.   I had a filet mignon with merlot butter sauce ($32).  The beef is as advertised, tender, but the pièce de résistance was the merlot butter sauce.  It went so well with the meat. You have to taste this sauce.  
The beef bourguignon was also tasty ($23).  

We had a 7:45 reservation and was done by 8:35, plenty of time to walk down to the Mirage for the 9:30 showing of Love.I've never tried French food, so this is a new one for me. We came here for something refreshing and delicious for lunch after a long night and hangovers- ha! I had the mussels in wine (came with fries), and some of my friend's steak. A lot of the mussels didn't even have anything in them. So I left a little hungry still.

All very tasty, and what's even better was our view of the strip from inside the restaurant. The french onion soups that my friends had grossed me out because of their pungency, but I never had a liking for that kind of thing. French fries are a bit disappointing since they are so thin that it just feels like you're eating greasy pieces of paper. Had no thickness or substance to it at all. Could have been 4.5 if portions were a bit larger!Such a good restaurant!  If you get the chance to eat here I would certainly say you are making the right choice.  If you can sit in the patio and do not mind waiting a little longer do it!  
We started with the escargot very delicious with the baguette.  
I had the pear martini which was sweet and smooth.  My bf had a sour beer that was very sour but good if you're into that taste.
I was originally going to get salmon but then our waitress informed us they had Duck so I had to order that.
Very appetizing and filling.
My bf's bone in rib eye was also sumptuous.
Friendly service and very attentive I wish I remembered her name !
Thank you for making our experience.Came here for brunch and enjoyed every minute. Even though it was hot outside, we sat outside. The umbrellas gave plenty of shade and the water mist along the railings made it comfortable. The service was excellent. They were very attentive. There was never a moment when we needed to ask for refills on our drinks. Everything on the menu sounded delicious. We started out with the chocolate croissants....Warm and crispy! We wanted more but we refrained because we wanted to enjoy our brunch entré. We ordered the chicken and mushroom crepe....I really liked the kale in it. Delish and we ordered the eggs Benedict special with the famous yummy hash browns. OMG! Yummy for the tummy! Sitting outside was entertaining because you can enjoy your meal and people watch. If you are lucky, you can even enjoy some music played by the street vendors. Loved my first visit here..definitely be back again to dine!!I look forward to coming here each time I'm in Vegas.  Great food, good service and overall a great place to go for breakfast.  The real highlight would be the Bloody Mary Bar....not to be missed if you are here on a weekend!The view is amazing of the Bellagio fountains and the service was great. It was a little windy sitting outside the day I visited. I had an omelette and my wife hand eggs Benedict. They were accomodating towards her gluten allergy. I would come back again.This place was busy when we went and they wouldn't seat us until everyone from our reso was there (fair enough). I had the salmon and it was just ok, the bone in rib eye steak ($39) with bernaise was much better. The mushroom soup to start was good, as were the crab cakes. We had the banana crepe, creme brulee and profitroles for dessert and the crepe was the best. It is really big so be sure to share it with someone! The service was ok, we had to ask a couple times for refills. Great value, but the quality isn't as good as the higher end steak places but that's to be expected. There were 9 of us and we all had appetizers, entree and dessert and drinks and it was $475 with tax and 18% tip.HANDS DOWN, 

THIS is my favorite restaurant in all of Vegas & it has been for years. I've been coming to Vegas since I was a bump in my moms tummy. So no I don't really categorize myself as a tourist. I've been to several restaurants and I gotta say i LOVE this restaurant. My love distribution is 80% location and 20% food.

This is possibly the BEST LOCATED restaurant in all of Vegas, if you're a people watcher. It's a classy restaurant right in front of Paris LITERALLY ON THE STRIP, facing the Bellagio water show. You have the option of eating indoors (being boring) or outdoors (where all the action is) on a semi-elevated platform/balcony where all the tourist are walking and passing you by. It's exactly how several restaurants are in real Paris, which YES I have actually been to FRANCE. The only difference is that you watch all the crazyness of drunken pedestrians/traffic, watch the singing water show across the street and watch the advertising trucks with pictures of almost-naked hookers. It's great! lol

The food is pretty good and pricey and that's fine with me. It's mostly different types of steaks and frites. The drinks are pretty strong as well. The special cocktails they make aren't so strong, so just order your regular drinks like you would at a normal full bar. You're bill could possibly freak you out at the end, which it always does with me.

If you want to impress a first-timer in Vegas, this is definitely the place you wanna go. You get good food, enjoy the freak show of people walking or driving on the strip AND they have great views of the strip which is good for pictures.

I can go on about this place forever...We had an amazing dinner here!  We had reservations, but decided last minute to wait for a patio table.  It took about an hour to be seated, but the view was totally worth it!  I love the Bellagio fountain and felt like I got a front row seat for the show.

The food was delicious & our waitress was great - no complaints.  If you plan on eating here, show up early and wait for a patio table.  The casino is steps away to keep you entertained while you wait!Delish food, great atmosphere and lots of fun!  Mon Ami Gabi would be a great place for a first date!!Love this place! Yummy brunch/lunch options and awesome "Make Your Own Bloody Mary Station". Also, the service was awesome -- super helpful and attentiveWent when it was very busy. Delivered 5/6 of our entrees and sever came over and made it seem like she forgot to enter that order. They put it on the line and was out about 5 minutes later- no big deal in my book, I know how it goes. However (same girl!) later asked for a mimosa and was brought a Bellini- so she was a bit irritated and expected something to be comped, which it was not. I think after bringing these items to the servers' attention, something should have been done. So points lost on that one. But not the worst service I have experience. Food was delicious though. I would rate 3.5-4 starsWow! Went here with a friend this past weekend. We got a table on the patio, had to wait 2 hours for it though. We were right on the strip at 9pm. We enjoyed wine, appetizers, first courses, steaks, then dessert. We spent over 3 hours just enjoying the view of the Bellagio water show. It was amazing. 
They are a steakhouse, so the higher prices didn't surprise me in the least. Great wine selection. They really pack the tables inside the restaurant. The patio seating is well worth the wait. The wait staff is amazing and adhered to the pace we set for our meal. 
I will definitely be eating here again!I went here with my family and all I can say it was amazing!! The best place to sit is the patio which is right in the heart of Las Vegas strip. I love this place so much for brunch. We enjoyed every moment here and the food was just delightful. The server was great, he was truly a gentlemen!! I will definitely always come here every time I am in Vegas!! Thanks you mon Ami gabby, it is truly a special place and a must for any traveler!!Love this place. I'd read good things about it before my first trip to Vegas but didn't make it that time -- too many other places to try. Finally visited this past weekend and wasn't disappointed.

We were lucky enough to score a table outside, albeit off to the side and not directly across from the Bellagio. We were still able to enjoy the spectacle of the fountains, though -- highly recommended. Fun people-watching. I loved that we were able to make our reservation through Open Table, too. And we had perhaps one of the nicest waiters I've ever had the pleasure of being served by; I think her name may have been Christina, and she had short, blonde hair. She brought me a profiterole with a candle in it for my birthday, yay!

Loved the warm baguette and butter to start. Nice! I ordered the mussels in a broth made with ale for my appetizer, and I loved this dish -- those bivalves were among the best I've ever had, plump and infused with flavor. The scallops gratinee that I ate as my entree were good, too, although the cheese-lover in me would've liked more topping. Unfortunately, J.'s steak was nowhere near as good as the piece of meat we'd enjoyed at Craftsteak, but that may have had to do with the particular cut of the meat. Tasty, different-style frites, pretty thin but not super-crisped. Delicious green beans on the side, prepared simply but with care. My profiterole was good,  even though I don't normally order them, and I loved, loved, loved the bananas foster crepe.

An excellent birthday dinner!The first time I was here was last summer and I literally could not stop thinking about their french onion soup afterwards. It was the most memorable soup I've ever tasted and told everyone about it. This time I came back to vegas, I made sure that we would go again. Sadly, the soup was not the same. I don't know if the recipe or chef changed but it was definitely different. It was still a good  bowl of soup, but nothing out of the ordinary. 

This time, I ordered the sea scallops for my entree. I received four large scallops cooked to perfection. It came with brussel sprouts and an amazing cauliflour puree. Would highly recommend this dish. 

I have to also applaud the restaurant for being extremely accommodating to my friend who has a severe gluten allergy. They did the most amazing job taking all precautions necessary. Thank you!Breakfast perfectly prepared and presented. A very nice location. We ate at the open air bar. BUT the bartender who served us took away from the experience. All he talked about was wishing he could go home....French onion soup is awesome.  Good for those Vegas hangovers!  The place has decent food with a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Make a reservation on OpenTable and walk right in, instead of waiting forever in that line!!The food was very satisfying; like French comfort food. 

My fiance and I both had the French onion soup. It was tasty, cheesy and oniony. I can never resist it once I see it on the menu. Unfortunately, we didn't get the bread until we were nearly done with our soup. 

I wasn't that hungry so for my entree I had the salad with apples, walnuts and cheese. The entire bottom of the plate is covered in cheese slices, there is approximately one walnut and quite a few thinly sliced apples. It was good but the smells from across the table left me wanting to steal my fiance's seared salmon with lemon butter sauce over orzo. 

They have rolling carts that hold all opened wines you can buy a glass of. One of them was parked right next to me and I was very tempted to help myself to a refill!Great location for people watching and the food is awesome.
Great variety when it comes to food and drinks. Worth a try.
Afordable as well.I had dinner at this restaurant years ago when it first opened and had a splendid steak with a Merlot butter.  I returned this past weekend for breakfast as I had been doing some research and this was highly recommended for breakfast.  We did not wait at all, but were there relatively early @ 9-10am for breakfast.  I am a foodie who studied to be a pastry chef years ago and love nothing more than a great meal where every bite brings simple and complex flavors to perfection... not to mention that french food is my utmost favorite ! The decor is very much a french bistro/cafe style which is somewhat elegant, yet comfortable and not stuffy.  You could dine here and get a good feel for what dining in France would be.  If you wish to people-watch then ask to sit on the patio, but I found it very loud with the traffic & music playing and opted the next day to sit on the inside patio, which was much quieter and more intimate.  Everything on the menu looked delicious.  I had the eggs benedict special, which included mushrooms and watercress, along with a delicate croissant (served warm) & french coffee.  My friend had the ham & gouda omelet with hash browns that were like no other I've ever had and I'd swear they were cooked in duck fat b/c they were so rich and flavorful.  The next day I returned to have the ham & cheese crepe and it was every bit as good as the prior day, if not better.  The croissant melts in your mouth and smothered with the raspberry preserves it was perfection. I was almost embarrassed to enjoy the meal as much as I did.  If you love french food, or simply delicious food, every bite will leave you waning more and you'll go home looking forward to the day you can go back again.  Next stop:  FLEURWe enjoyed our breakfast. I ordered the beef bourguignon Benedict, and the hubby ordered the blueberry waffles and a side of eggs. The hollandaise sauce was a proper one. Finally, one that has flavor for the meal. The eggs were poached perfectly, and nice crispy hash browns. I especially enjoyed the French bread instead of the usual English muffin. Hubby said his waffle was light and crispy. It had a ton of blueberries on top. The syrup was made from fresh blueberries. He also said his scrambled eggs were cooked perfectly, not over or under cooked and fluffy. 

Our service was great. The server was friendly and approachable. She answered all of our questions and didn't make it seem like it was a burden. Water was always filled without asking. 

I can't wait to return and have some French onion soup and bread.Visit #1: 

Stellar. Absolutely stellar experience. We were seated out on the patio with a great view of the Bellagio water show. Score! My bud Andy T. (Andrea T.) recommended this restaurant to me and raved about the Steak Bordelaise. This dish features a tender pounded steak with topped with caramelized onions and red wine sauce. Delicious! 

http://static3.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/1i1xKxiO0mxoNxIQTTmoXQ/l

We also tried the equally delicious Steak Bernaise. I love Bernaise sauce. I'd put it on everything if I could. 

http://static2.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/9-S3LN6YphsZS9NuB38YVA/l

Andy, you are my food soul mate. Next to the hubs, of course. 
-----------------------------------------------------------
Visit #2 the next day:

Came for brunch and had the Ham & Cheese Crêpe. It was a Ham & Cheese Crêpe. Nothing out of the ordinary but still tasty. I tried to take a photo only to be met with a blinking red light signaling my camera battery had died. Lame. Service was A-OK but then again it was also insanely busy during that time. 

Will definitely return!Nice french restaurant directly on the strip with views of the Bellagio water show.
I ordered the 3 cheese plate and the salmon and leek quinoa.
Price was reasonable which is very hard to find in vegas.
Would definetly go back.We came to this restaurant for breakfast because it had outdoor terrace seating.  Best breakfast we had in Las Vegas.   Eggs Benedict are out of this world.  Even the daily special eggs Benedict are awesome.....same sauce, different creative toppings.  The French pancakes (more like glorified crepes) were awesome.  Haven't enjoyed breakfast like this in a very long time.  Service was impeccable.  Fresh squeezed oj was awesome.  We enjoyed breakfast so much we came back again for breakfast and dinner.   Bartender Mike S (who bartends at the terrace bar) is one hell of a bartender.  My wife asked for his recommendation
 and he made her a jalapeño Martina that is second to none.  Awesome restaurant.   Awesome service.   Awesome food.  Highly highly recommended.  Don't come to Vegas without coming here!!!!Hard pressed to find a better patio on the strip, we ate lunch here three times in two days.

Good sun, good people watching, and affordable.

Two days in a row we prevented hangovers from taking hold with bloodies, Chardonnay, and strong vodka tonics. Yummy.

Stay away from the soups, and focus on the steak offerings, just sayin'.For my wife's 30th birthday, we wanted to have dinner at a nice restaurant with our friends.  We knew that we didn't want to go to chain restaurant like Maggiano's, but we also wanted to make sure that the place wasn't going to be too pricey.

Unfortunately, due to the size of our party (20+), unless we went to a buffet, we were required to have to do a set menu.  This made finding a restaurant more difficult as the costs go up with a set menu, and you often have to settle on whatever food options they give you.  Most of the restaurants we checked out were in the range of $100-$150 per person.  And if you wanted to have beef on your menu, you were looking at the upper end of that range.

Thankfully, with enough research, I was able to find Mon Ami Gabi.  Not only were their prices significantly lower, but they also allowed us to customize our menu.  So we were able to choose as little or as many courses as we wanted to serve -- some of the other restaurants had 5 or more courses in the menus that included beef, thus leading to the high prices -- and we had the freedom to populate our set menu choices with any of the items from their normal menu.  So we searched through the Yelp reviews to find the best selections to put on our menu.  We ended up creating a menu that was only $50 per person.

As for the food itself.  It was absolutely delicious.  There's a reason why this place is rated so highly, the food is that good.  And our server was incredible.  She did such a great job taking care of us and making everything go smoothly.  We made sure to give her some extra tip on top of the mandatory large-group gratuity that was included in our bill.

We were definitely impressed with Mon Ami Gabi.  It's become one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas.  And if you're thinking about having a nice dinner with a large party, definitely consider Mon Ami Gabi.  Rebecca Kozdron, the Special Events Manager, did a phenomenal job in helping us plan our amazing dinner.Great food! We always stop here when we go to Vegas at least once!  Great steak fritters and we love to sit outside and enjoy the viewGreat food, great service. FYI a reservation does not get a seat on the patio, only confirmed seat in the dining room. That was disappointing to find out.Une brasserie vraiment français, on the Las Vegas Strip? Mais, bien sur! Having been to France many times, Mon Ami Gabi reminded me so much of a real Parisian brasserie (casual restaurant and drinking establishment).  Especially the open-air tables on the patio facing the Strip, if you are lucky enough to get a table there. Unfortunately, even with reservations (very much needed) you are not guaranteed a table on the patio during meal times. 
Other than our obstructed view of the Bellagio fountains, though, this was a pretty nice experience. It had all the bustle of a real brasserie, and briskly efficient (and even a bit snooty) service from an older French waiter. The special entree of the night, 2 gorgeous lamb chops, was really a standout. Steak au poivre was also very good. I was surprised the duck leg that I ordered was listed as an "appetizer"! It was the biggest, most delicious chunk-o-duck I've ever eaten (a bargain at $12.95)! I added the whipped cauliflower as a side, and not only had to share that around the table; but ultimately had to learn to make it at home b/c my husband liked it so much! 
For dessert, the creme brulee was excellent--in this city, they better be on their A-game with a dessert that every restaurant here offers! (I'm making it my personal mission to try every creme brulee in this town :-) The only thing that was a little weird were the pommes frites: they weren't the hot, salty, shoestring French fries I had in the classic "steak frites" in France; but more like those dry potato sticks one gets in canisters. Some of us liked them, some did not.
Not as expensive as we feared it might be (then again, only one of us had an alcoholic drink).This is NOT the experimental, uber-upscale French; this is casual French, with a lot of "brasserie" standards. 
Again, get reservations! Then decide whether you want to eat inside and have a conversation, or sit outside and absorb the overwhelming experience that is the strip in the evening; because you won't be able to do both.We stopped at Mon Ami Gabi while in Vegas for lunch. We managed to get a table outdoors (without reservation) on the deck under the shade and it was very agreeable. Despite the heat in Vegas, the sprinkle system along the deck were very effective and made the experience very enjoyable. The staff was extremely polite, attentive, personable, and very professional; I was really impressed. The food was very tasty.  This is as close as it gets from a true Parisian 'Brasserie'. Highly recommend!Luckily for us, we had reservations so no wait time for us! 
This restaurant is pretty big, lots of seating inside, open bar seats, and an area of seats where huge Windows let natural light in. 
Food was incredible, very delicious but slightly expensive.
We came for breakfast, which strictly ends at 11. I must say that their sweet dishes are much more tastier than their savory. We got the lemon pancakes, which aren't the traditional fluffy kind. Instead, they're thin crepes that have a slight crunch to it, probably from the sweet sauce that caramelized. 
The blueberry pancakes came with this blueberry jam that was soooooo good. Both dishes came with fresh whipped cream that was so light and airy that I found myself licking it with my fingers out of the jar. 
We also got the corned beef hash, which came with hash browns and a side of toast. I didn't care much for the hash, but the hash brown were crispy and thin. The toast wasn't burnt and had  the fluffy, yeasty inside that I love- yes little things like that I enjoy! 
Overall, great breakfast place to load up on food before a loooong day of Vegas!Really good food. Good service our waiter was friendly and had a good sense of humour. Service was really fast considering they were packed. Prices are reasonable especially for the quality of food and for being on the Strip.My boyfriend and I dined here for Sunday Brunch on our recent trip to Vegas.  I had been here before many years ago, but he had never been and he had never seen The Bellagio Fountain Show, so I knew we had to dine here.  
Mon Ami Gabi is located at the front of the Paris Hotel. We arrived around 10:30 am and were told it would be about a 30 minute wait.  No worries we got a pager and I went and played some video blackjack till our pager went off.   It is a much larger restaurant that it would appear to be from the outside. We sat on the outdoor patio and wandered through 3 separate dining rooms to get to our table.  Each dining room was brighter than the next.  
We were seated at a four top on the Patio.  We had to figure out the seating arrangements so as not to be totally blinded by the sun, but that was in no way the restaurants fault.  Glad they gave us a four top so we had some seating options.  It was a bit chilly that day, but luckily the sun was shining and they had heaters set up on the patio.
The patio is the best place ever to watch the Bellagio fountain show, and on this lovely Sunday morning we also had nice gentlemen on the street who sang through our entire meal.  We actually liked it and thought it was really sweet.  
I started with the Frangria or French Sangria.  It was good, but not outstanding.  It came with an extra little carafe of sangria so the portion was large.  Unfortunately I cannot remember the name of the cocktail my boyfriend had, but I do remember saying he ordered the better drink and I wish I had gotten it.  
He started with the escargot.  He said it was delicious.  He ate them all.  I'll take his word for it.  Meanwhile I munched on some really yummy bread.  It was not as good as Bouchon the day before, but still really good.  
I ordered the Croque Monsier.  I prefer these to the Croque Madame, because I am not crazy about the egg on top of a Croque Madame.  The Croque Monsier was excellent. The bread was good, the sauce was good, the meat was good.  The fries didn't look good, but were shockingly delicious.  
My boyfriend ordered the steak frites with peppercorn sauce.  It wasn't a great cut of meat, but it was tender and the sauce was delicious.  
Overall, the food is good, and the ambiance spectacular.  I would definitely come back.This review is long overdue.  I have a meal at MAG every time I am in Vegas, which is three times a year.  I have NEVER had a disappointing meal here.  Last night, before we went to see Jubilee, we had dinner at MAG.  I love the atrium room in the evening.  The lights are low, but not so low that you can't see anything.  And having the B Fountains as a backdrop is perfect. 

Service at MAG is top notch, very attentive without being intrusive.  I love to sit in Server #100's section - he's great, kinda reminds me of Chef Robert Ivrine.

Anyway, this time the order was:

Steak Bordelaise:  The steak was cooked to perfection topped with carmelized onions in a red wine sauce.  Oh yeah.
MAG Caesar Salad:  Just the right amount of dressing, fresh romaine and shavings of pecorino cheese.
Trout Almondine:  Seared to succulent goodness with just a crispness around the edges, covered with green beans.
To start there was a celery, green apple slaw tossed in olive oil and the baguette with butter.

What a wonderful meal, what a wonderful atmosphere in a wonderful city.

Thanks, MAG!Went here with my boyfriend on saturday, really good!!

Service was awesome! 

 Tomato summer salad was not what I expected, but I loved it!

Great vegetarian options! The vegetable farcis was sooooo good. And my boyfriend loved his steak. 

We will be back.How have I not reviewed this already? This is my Las Vegas Staple. The Filet Mignon is solid (I prefer the merlot butter over the creme fraiche). Regardless, this is arguably the best value for your buck. About $30/steak and the steaks are amazing. The service is fantastic and the food is just fabulous. I could eat loaves and loaves of their bread... they sometimes have a special dessert -a  white chocolate bread pudding thing with caramel. If they have it when you're there, GET IT. I don't like white chocolate or bread pudding, but for some reason this was just BOMB. 

I come here every time I'm in Vegas. One piece of advice: Make a reservation & request outside seating. You can watch the bellagio watershow from your seats on the patio :) Beautiful!Whatever you do, you must get the crepe here.  I regret that I didn't, but my sweet husband did offer me a few bites of his ham and cheese one.  Next time I go, I'm totally gonna get the brie and Apple crepe, sounds right up my alley!  I got the eggs benedict, if was good except the English muffin was so tough, I was getting carpal tunnel trying to cut the thing.  Almost tempted to just grab it with my hand and eat it classlessly!  Coffee was great, atmosphere is great if you sit outside, kind of feels like you're in Europe for a bit :). Came on a Monday right at 11am, no wait, and even though breakfast is over at 11, we still got to order it.Everything was delish. Our waitress was number 71 aka Michelle. The food came out quickly despite the restaurant being very busy. Everything was cooked to perfection. There was sort of a clusterf*ck after we checked in  it seemed like there were a couple parties waiting to be seated. All in all I highly recommend this place.Great value for the price (I'd say, great value even for the higher price!)
Great location, great view, especially from the patio..

Service is super quick, servers are polite and seems like they really try to get what you want and need at the moment.. To our surprise, our waitress was French, that was really great considering that you are sitting under the Eiffel towel (and it doesn't matter that it's fake, atmosphere is still great)

Place is super busy, expect 30-60 minutes waiting time for the dinner for inside seating and 1-2 hours wait time for patio seating (with Bellagio fountains view).. They ONLY accept reservations for inside seating, so if you want to enjoy the view, enjoy anticipation as well!

That place will definitely on our 'Must dine in Vegas' list!Decent steakhouse that's not too pricey. Would be a good stop for steak lovers in Vegas who don't want to make reservations at the star chef restaurants on the Strip. I was overall satisfied although my steak was slightly overcooked (ordered a medium). Crab cake appetizer and salad were quite underwhelming though.My wife and I loved it.  It was a date night for us and it did not disappoint.  We are so happy with our decision to use our date night to go here.  The food was perfect.  I ordered the beef wellington and my wife ordered the filet mignon.  I believe she was a bit jealous of my beef wellington and next time she would order it as I would again.

The service was fine, good enough to give the whole experience 5 stars but the reason for the 5 stars is definitely the food.  We are going back on our next trip to Vegas and we recommend it to all of our friends.Oooh la la la la la LA!  I've always wanted to come here and yesterday I got to come here with a LOCAL honest-to-goodness Las Vegian: Mon amie, Jenn. 

We sat outside.  Brrrr!  It was allegedly supposed to SNOW later that night. (Il fait neige! See! I speak Fraunsh!) But not to worry- there are heat lamps on the patio to keep you all warm and toasty.  Additionally, the view across the street is the Bellagio and the gorgeous Fountains gave us some "teaser" shows.  

Jenn had a mimosa and I had a bloody mary.  Apparently there is a bloody mary bar (make your own?!)  but that sounded confusing to me, so I just had them make it for me.  And they did a pretty decent job!  Nothing special- a pretty traditional bloody mary, but it did hit the spot.  

We both opted for the corned beef hash.  It was really rich and flavorful.  They also provided had the option of adding mushrooms to it, which we both did.  It came with giant toast and potatoes.  I was not disappointed one single bit.  

Additionally, we both shared some dessert.  The fruit and mint plate, as well as this chocolaty thing with pecans and caramel- creme on top.  Yum.  

Then we wandered around the beautiful Paris for awhile, poking our head into stores and trying on sunglasses and accessories.  

Great great brunch spot.  Come here!  Sit outside!  J'aime beaucoup!  Bon appetit!The restaurant was a bit more pricey than some of the places we ate in Vegas but the food was outstanding and definitely worth it. I had the salmon and my husband had a salad and both meals  were delicious. The waiter was very friendly and offered some suggestions about which wine and food to order. Would definitely go again.The Filet Mignon was absolutely delicious and I couldn't get enough of the sauce. I did not even need steak sauce to enhance the taste. The service was wonderful, my boyfriend and I had a nice conversation with the waiter. Our waters were constantly refilled, which is always a plus for me because I drink my water like a whale. The price wasn't to shabby either, especially for a good steak. The only complaint  that I have are the frites (i think that is what they are called). It is way too salty. All in all, its a great place to have lunch on a beautiful day.Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite places in Vegas. I go there every time I visit. 
Last visit wasn't as great because the food wasn't as well-prepared as I'm accustomed to there, but maybe it was an off night. That night was also too loud and crowded to hear the music from the Bellagio fountains that I usually enjoy from the outdoor patio area. Regardless, I will be back!
The service was great from our Rhode Island born and raised server! :-)Love this place.  It is our go-to breakfast spot whenever we are in Vegas.  Awesome bloody mary bar for the hubby and mimosas for me.  Delicious ham and cheese crepes and omelets.  Service is always on par and its absolutely enjoyable to sit outside on the patio and people watch the strip nonsense.+Healthier menu options! 
+Brunch is so good.
+Loaf of bread/baguette included for the table

-Steak is very, very thin. Ask for anything other than well done and you will be disappoint. 
-Servers come around once asking if you want coffee, and then rarely ever again for refills.

Actually been here twice already even though I've only checked in once. 
First time, we came for lunch and I got the steak. I made a huge mistake of ordering my steak rare. Because the steak is so thin, I pretty much got a medium-done steak. The steak was pretty tasty, but I really do prefer my steaks/burgers RARE, so I was very disappointed. 
The second time, I was there for breakfast/brunch. I got the egg white omelet. The consistency of the omelet is very interesting... it's INCREDIBLY fluffy, which was a bit weird to me at first, but still pretty tasty. It can be a bit bland though, so I added a bit of salt and it was perfect. 
I hear the french toast is amazing, and will be getting that next time!Didn't quite fully live up to the hype. Food was good and service was good. Having the Bellagio fountain show in front of you while eating isn't too shabby either.Great service, great food and affordable price!! If you want to eat outside at the patio there's no reservations available, you'll have to wait for at least 30 mins depending how busy it is, but it is all worth it.you get a great viw of the Bellagio fountains while you have dinner!I took my boyfriend here last night for our first night in Vegas and for a little birthday dinner. I give this place five stars for several reasons. First, the location/layout/decor is brilliant. It's located right next to the Bellagio (where we stayed) fountains at the Paris hotel. It's indoor seating looked beautiful, which what I had originally made 7:30 reservations for , but we opted for the first come first serve patio seating so we could catch the fountain shows. Plus, Vegas around sunset is perfect in terms of temperature and lighting.
The other reason I give it four stars is because the service from jump street was impeccable. The hostesses were kind and attentive. They clearly remembered to tell our waiter later on about my request for a surprise birthday dessert with a candle at the end. The bar tenders at the bar where we got a drink and an appetizer were also very attentive and fast. Our waiter later on, Ibrahim, was beyond friendly, eager to please and professional (but not overwhelmingly in our faces). 
The other reason on give this place four stars is the food and wine. I love a French menu. The food is always fresh and made the way you expect it to be and then some. I swear, French chefs have a cooking gene that I don't think others do! All the food we had here was exquisite.  Appetizer: Wild escargot that was oven roasted In some garlic herb (and pesto I think) sauce. Salad: frisée, kale and warm bacon salad. Dinner: a rare filet mignon merlot (a butter and red wine reduction) with a side a sautéed mushrooms and hand cut fries. NOW, let me pause and comment on this Dinner dish. First, the steak was O M F G AMAZING. Perfect cut of steak and cooked JUST to our liking: RARE. Second, the red wine reduction and butter sauce we ordered on the side bc normally we would never spoil a filet mignon with any sauce, BUT again, !!!O M F G!!! this sauce blew us away. I could eat it with a spoon. You must must must order this dish of you enjoy filet. The mushrooms and fries were also very fresh and complimented the steak very nicely. OH AND, the portion sizes were fair. Not small. Not huge. Fair. Filling. Perfect amount. 
Last but not least, we ordered a bottle of their house red (a suggestion from our waiter), and I could not have been happier with it. I'm kind of a picky wine lady, but I really liked our waiter so I trusted his suggestion and I'm glad I did. Also, I really appreciated our waiter refilling our days wine glasses for us as we dined throughout the evening. 
Last but not least, the last reason I give this place four stars is the fair pricing for the quality of food. Our bill was only $111. That's about a third of what most fine dining places would cost in Vegas. For instance, the filet mignon was only $37, as opposed to $60 plus it would be at most other steak houses in Vegas. For a wonderful experience and exemplary food, $111 felt like a steal. 
My boyfriend and I definitely plan on dining here again before we leave. If you find yourself in Vegas and want an amazing dinner with every bank for a your buck, go here!!Went here for a little bit of a nicer dinner, but still on The Strip. Nothing too fancy, just a decent steak for a reasonable price. I had some cheese to start and a glass of wine with their magnificent bread. My dining companion had the French onion soup, which she loved.

We both had the steak frites, me with the red wine sauce and she had the bleu cheese sauce. Hers was better than mine and I'm not even a bleu fan! Huge portions for a really good price. Lots of frites, very yummy. Would return.

The inside of the restaurant was very cute, make a reservation, though, because it gets packed. 
You cannot reserve an outside table, those are on first-come-first-served basis and are the hot property in Vegas at night because you can water the Bellagio water fountain show, though I'd imagine every 15 minutes during your meal that it would be annoying...After reading the reviews and checking out the menu, we decided to add this place to our most recent Vegas agenda. We stopped in for lunch on Sunday, no reservation and we didn't want to wait, so we didn't get to enjoy the patio experience, maybe next time.

The food was fantastic, we ordered several things to share. We had the french onion soup which was perfect. The mussels were great and we had to keep stopping the wait staff from trying to take the bowl away as we sopped up every last bit of the yummy sauce with the frites. The frites are definitely a little different, not the average french fry like you would think. They are small, super thin and crispy. Good, but it would have been easier to soak up the sauce from the mussles with something a little more substantial. The fish and frites was really good, again not what you would expect as its not "fish and chips" - this comes out just a large piece of breaded fish on the plate, but the fish was perfectly cooked and seasoned. And we also had the croque monsieur, the yummy combination of gruyere and ham on thick bread was sooo good. I've been craving one of these for days!

Although our waitress wasn't terribly friendly she got the job done. There are so many workers running around, taking plates and bringing bread and filling water that I can't complain about the service.

Overall, a great meal on the Strip - we'll definitely be back!I am pretty sure, every time I've ever visited Vegas (which is a lot), I've made it a point to visit Mon Ami Gabi.  It is fabulous!!
 
The experience is started with the warmest, freshest french bread you'll find this side of globe.  It's served with a yummy salad of carrots and pads of melty butter.

Any dish you order will be delish, and the alcoholic beverages you choose will knock your socks off.  I've only had one bad experience there - my husband got food poisoning from a raw steak (he asked for it "still mooing").  I warned him it looked too raw, but he ate it anyways.  So, the restaurant can't lose points ;-)

The frites are excellent, green beans tasty, and any steak on the menu is fabulous.  I haven't tried a dessert there yet, but plan to soon.  Going back for our first wedding anniversary, the perfect place for a romantic dinner... Also, if it's a warm evening, ask for a table outside - you'll get a fabulous view of the Bellagio water show!Delicious from the start! The Frangria was delicious and refreshing. We had shrimp cocktail as an appetizer, it was very good. I had sole almondine and it was phenomenal. My husband had the wild boar ragu - again, excellent. We then had delicious desserts! Our waiter was great, but special props to the support staff and especially the one who is from Glendale originally. He made the meal very special and made a point to get to know us and thank us for choosing them. No complaints at all!!I was lookin for a place to eat for breakfast n came upon this place on my research on yelp n fb...i'm glad i did...got a table by the window..the hostess asked if i would like to sit outside but it was too chilly for this girl from sunny hawaii lol...i ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict it came wit hash browns..all very delicious! Great food, service, atmosphere..i will be back!One of my go-to spots when I'm in Vegas.  Not too fancy, good food, nice outdoor patio right across from the Bellagio fountains.  The seafood crepes are awesome.  They technically are not on the menu for some reason, but they'll still make them for you if you ask.  My only complaint to the staff would be: Please turn off your gas-lit lights when it's 100 degrees outside and sunny.  I literally thought my face was going to melt into my delicious beer.  But I still love you.Came here for my fiances birthday and had the filet mignon with merlot sauce, Mac and chesss and ceasar salad. The restaurant itself is beautiful and has a view of the Bellagio water fountains if you get lucky enough to sit near the patio. The fresh baguette in the beginning of the meal is pretty tough but comes with a carrot slaw which is zesty but the butter is pretty bland. 
Steak was perfectly cooked but the frites on the side were way too hard and crunchy. Mac and cheese was perfect and salad was also very good! 
We will be back!It was pretty good although there was a bit more grissle on my rather pricey steak than I would prefer. Service was excellent!Went here a few months ago for a last-minute fancy Friday. We had a reservation but still had to wait at least half an hour before being seated, which got everyone in my party a little grumpy. However, once we got inside, the atmosphere made it a little better. The waiter was attentive and helpful without being overbearing, which is a plus.

Our table of four had an order of escargot since half of us had never tried it before. They were iffy about it and could not get used to the taste but the two of us who had escargot before loved it. It was well-seasoned and not too chewy. My friend's steak frites classique was a bit dry but not too bad, just not our favorite I suppose. I had the vegetable pot au feu, which was pretty much amazing and well-worth the price. I would definitely order it again, but will probably try something new next time I go.Great ambience, great service, great food and for the whole experience, a relatively great price. I got escargot, trout almandine, and a side of Brussels sprouts. All delicious!Yum!!!

Great service, of course.  Had dinner inside instead of waiting for the patio, which was nice too.  

Very good food, not blown away.  The service was better than I expected for something that I believed to be a step above a tourist trap.Tasty meal and quality service. The hangar steak with roasted brussel sprouts was delish and highly affordable. The frisée spinach and bacon salad was tasty and robust, though a tad heavy on the bacon. Add a lovely bottle of medium priced Beaujolais and you have a winner. Great meal overall and warm ambience that wasn't too loud. Great place to dine and I definitely go again.Came here for breakfast and the outdoor seating was packed!! We had to wait roughly 20 minutes for a table outside, but sitting outside was definitely worth it, considering that it was not hot and their AC blows out towards you, and it has a nice view. 

I got their spinach and green veggie omelette and it perfect. It came with toast, asparagus, and hash browns. The boy toy got the french onion soup and it very, very good too. He also ordered a Bloody Mary, which you can decide to make yourself or have them make it for you. He made it himself at their bloody mary bar. The bloody mary bar was very impressive with tons of things to choose from!!   

Would definitely come back. Prices are cheap and the employees are nice.This place is amazing!  The food feels authentic, the staff is incredibly friendly, fun and helpful, and if you go at the right time, you can watch the Bellagio fountain show while you eat!  

The most memorable part of the meal to me was the fois gras.  I've never had it before, but I've been told that if not prepared correctly, it can be a very negative experience.  I really enjoyed it and would definitely try it again if it's prepared as well as this.  

The only mark down I give is for the price.  It's definitely not a cheap place to eat, but considering all you get ambiance and food wise, it's defintely worth it!My boyfriend now husband surprised me and took me here for my 28th birthday.  It was the perfect spot and so romantic especially with the view of Bellagio fountains.  We were seated right away and our waiter promptly took our drink order (he ordered a glass of champagne for both of us) Anyways my boyfriend ordered the steak bordelaise. I tried some and it was cooked to perfection and he devoured the whole thing.  I ordered more on the lighter side (Because he told me we were going eat somewhere else after) so I  just got the roasted root vegetables and the onion soup au gratin.  Both dishes were great.  I loved this place and had a wonderful time.I have been here for dinner with my husband. We order the 2 wine, one appetizer, one steak, and one scallop.  real like scallop, must try! But the steak, it's not my favorite. We also order the one pudding, and warm chocolate cake. Price around $130. I feel the price is a little bit high, but the view is gorgeous, you can saw the bellagio water fountain.This place gets an extra star just for their carrot spread alone! What the heck do they put in that stuff?? I wish you could just pay to go there and eat fresh baguette w/ butter and the carrot stuff.

Took the BF here for an anniversary dinner, and while the service and food were both excellent, I honestly wish the whole experience had taken longer. We definitely weren't rushed or anything, but all our courses came out at lightning speed, and considering how fast we devoured all the frenchy goodness, we were only there for an hour or so. 

After being promptly seated for our dinner reservation, we started with the french onion soup. I'm not that much of a soup guy, but how can you eat at a French restaurant without ordering multiple courses, and ensuring that the majority include an alarming amount of cheese, butter, or other source of saturated fat?? There must have been about 5 lbs. of gruyere on that bad boy, but wow, was it delish. Next courses: trout grenoblaise (sp?) and filet mignon. The trout was the perfect portion, perfectly seasoned, and not too heavy, although I didn't care too much for the accompanying potatoes. BF's filet was decent, but the horseradish sauce on top really made it melt in your mouth. Up next: creme brulee. I don't think I've had enough creme brulee to discern the quality of this particular one, but BF said it was really good.

Overall, a great place if you want to eat on the Strip while not going broke that offers great, but not amazing, fare. I really wish we had sat on the patio bc it's right across from the Bellagio fountains. If you go, take time to ENJOY your food and don't inhale it like voracious pigs. And don't fill up on the carrot slaw stuff, even though it's hard!Last year,I went to Vegas  for a week due to my hubby's conference there; after i checked at Yelp ,(before we left), we tried Mon Ami Gibi for brunch....wow! Their waffle was so....yummy! So last week( June ,2012), I went with my hubby to Vegas again ( the same reason there), we put on our schedule to have a brunch there again....still, we both loved their waffle. So far, I haven't found any better place for waffle in San Francisco than Mon Ami Gibi.

went to Mon Ami Gibi for breakfast lastThis place was delicious! Definitely one of my new favorite spots in Vegas! It's located in Paris and there's a patio on the strip.

We ordered Escargot, the Salmon appetizer, Salmon Spinach Salad, some egg pie thing, Muscles, and a Bacon Cheeseburger with fries. Escargot was on point! Great sauce they used for that. The Salmon appetizer was to die for! The Salmon Spinach Salad was amazing! They definitely were not greedy with the size of the salmon either. The Muscles were awesome, and the sauce on it went perfect for the free bread they give you in the beginning. The Bacon Cheeseburger was huge! And the french fries with it were different but delicious!

The only downer was that the Bloody Mary Bar is only on Sundays and they didn't have Oysters because they were doing construction on their Oyster Bar.Go for the French Onion Soup and stay for the people watching. The soup is hearty, nice sweet onions and a thick crust of cheese. Bread for the table is complementary and with a salad makes a great lunch. Steak frites are tasty and the mussels in broth are excellent. 
Service was prompt and friendly.
The best people watching is on the outdoor patio overlooking Las Vegas Blvd. Heaters are available during the winter. Try for a table along the railing next to the sidewalk. Also great view of the Bellagio Fountains. The restaurant does not take reservations for the outdoor patio. However, you can make reservations for indoors. The best seating indoors is along the windows facing the outdoor patio next to the door way entering. This spot offers good people watching of those coming and going.It was the last place we went to eat at on our last day in las vegas and i sooooo wish we had gone there since the first day we arrived. The service is fantastic. Our server was very courteous and attentive. The food was delicious. It was the first time i had a crepe. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants to get away from the buffets for a day and have a nice, relaxing, and high quality meal.It sure helps making reservations on a Sunday night for a big group.  With 11 of us for dinner, the wait to get us all out on the patio was about 10 minutes.  We would have probably been seated right away at our 9:30 reservation time if we wanted to eat inside.  But why would you?  It was a lovely November night, a little chilly, but clear, and there are plenty of heaters on the patio.  We watched several rounds of the Bellagio fountains across the street, and had a great dinner.

If you are worried about it being a "French Place," don't worry, it really is not. They have a variety of pounded steaks (the waiter made several points on this), but they also have some nice, thick traditional cuts.  I had the 22 ounce bone-in rib eye, one of my favorite cuts.  It was quite a hunk of meat, but it was very flavorful and perfectly cooked at my requested medium rare.

The wince list is a little pricey, some options in the mid $30s would be nice, but we had a couple of the less expensive Bordeauxs and really enjoyed the meal.  Most of us had starters, and the bread is excellent, as are the pom frittes (that's french fries) that come with the steaks.  An excellent meal, with a great view and good service.Wonderful staff, very attentive. Food was good- but the drinks-holy cow! Stronger than a mutha*+%#! Not that there's anything wrong with it! :) plus they cost a pretty penny so- I'm just saying watch yourself if your little like me, you'll leave out of there loaded!Second trip in 5 months.  This place is no fluke.  Impeccable service, the eggs Benedict and accompanying potatoes were superb.  As was the mimosa.

Also lucked out.  Had reservations for 9 a.m. on Saturday for breakfast.  Once there, I took the chance of asking if a table was available on the patio (it was a gorgeous morning but the patio did look full).  We were led to a table front and center on the patio. Never hurts to ask!  Great experience.Great service (5), food (4), and ambiance (5). Our Vegas trip ended with a pleasant brunch at Mon Ami Gabi. My friend & I shared 2 glasses of mimosas, in which we should have just ordered one but we were weak from the Vegas damage & our waitress poured it in 2 glasses each time. Food was up there, and being able to chill & eat at the patio was really nice. Every table gets a French baguette in a bag, and we ordered the steak & fried as well as their salad - sorry I forgot which but you can see my pictures. :) all I know is that the food was decent and the patio & staff were great. I'll be back Mon Ami!I have visited Mon Ami Gabi twice. My girlfriend is gluten-sensitive so the Gluten-Free menu attracted us. I have had a great experience and a poor experience. 

Both experiences the food was great. 

The first experience our waiter was extremely nice, helpful and professional. The second experience the waitress was rushed, cold and unorganized. She did seem to have a lot going on, so I didn't hold it against her. 

This is a great place is you are gluten-free. You cannot beat the great views and the patio is awesome if they weather is nice.I came here for a late lunch, and despite very slow service, enjoyed the meal. The outdoor patio was warm and sunny - a rarity for a casino/hotel restaurant here to have a nice patio. The half baguette brought to the table was hot and fresh. The food was very tasty and reasonably portioned. I shared the sandwich of the day with my husband since we weren't too hungry. It was served open-faced (easier to share) with toasted whole-grain bread, thinly spread goat cheese, with a few rounds of roasted eggplant, greens and yellow grape tomatoes all dressed in a vinaigrette. The beer was expensive, as was the food, but that seems to be nearly inescapable here. The menu seemed to have a lot of heavier dishes; surprised not to see a basic salad nicoise on the menu. I hate how expensive simple good food is here in Las Vegas, but this isn't a place where I felt like I wasted my money.Came here with friends a long time ago, the drinks and patio were really fun. Fresh fruit dessert was deeelicious. Recently, I took my boyfriend here before going to see Love and it was good, albeit disappointing. I had a reservation, it wasn't really very busy, and they stuck the two of us right in the middle of the room surrounded by a bunch of families. I dont mind kids or anything like that, but it was weird and we asked to move. Otherwise the food was good, our server was really great.Good food, good service. Came for the steak frites and was not disappointed. Would probably go back again if there were ever anything fancy to celebrate. But with the plethora of other dining establishments in town, being a local, there are always good options to choose from.

If you're visiting, you would not be disappointed if you come here.Quality food, ambiance, moderate pricing . . . what more could you want?  The lemon-thyme salmon on orzo with peas and spinach was perfect, but the real find was the French onion soup with gruyere cheese.  OMG!  The portions are not skimpy either.  Didn't have room for desert (darn!), but I'll bet they're heavenly.  Oh, yes, it's across from Bellagio and you get to watch the water displays.  It was a wonderful date night!I'm not sure who our waitress was, but she was awesome, made the meal that much better! Seafood platter was the main dish, salmon tartar was exceptional. Also I got a ginger vodka cocktail that was AWESOME. No complaints here, French onion soup was good...most are toooo salty --good food, good service, awesome atmosphere!Looked for a unique Vegas dining experience and made our way to this popular French Bistro. We chose to sit outside which was comfortable on a cold chilly evening thanks to the numerous heaters that were working in full force. When you sit outside you are treated to periodic water show from the Bellagio. 
Your dinner is started with a warm French baguette that is delightful. On our night we were treated to a complimentary sliced carrot appetizer that was surprisingly good. We paired our starters with the "French Kiss" martini which was nice, even without the tongue. We ordered a French Bordeaux to pair with our dinners. The Bordeaux wines hover around $70 a bottle. 
For dinner we sought the help of our French waiter for his recommendation. We were splitting so we asked should we have the French Onion Soup or the dinner scallops! He recommended we go with the scallops, though the soup sounds tasty. Then we said choose one of the Steaks for us off of the list of numerous (approximately 10) different steak dishes. He chose a cut of Filet Mignon. 
The filet comes with "French fries" but they are the after thought on the dish as the filet can be cut with a butter knife and melts in your mouth. Speaking of melting in your mouth the scallops were a delicious butter that were delicious. 

If you can't get over to France anytime soon, you could hit the Paris in Vegas and eat at Mon Ami Gabi for a little taste of France.By far my favorite restaurant. Every time I come here, I order the steak and frites, which are always cooked to perfection. Despite the line, the wait wasn't very long, I got fast service, and an OK bill (it's a bit expensive)!Despite of the fact that this place can be infested with tourists, this is actually one of our favorite breakfast joints in the valley.  Best way to dine at this place is by eating at their patio and preferably near the railing, no other exceptions.  Make sure to have a reservation especially if you decide to eat at this restaurant on a weekend or expect for your party to wait until the next table is ready.  Wait time, however, is usually nonexistent if you do show up early enough.  At least they have two bars conveniently inside the establishment that serve any alcoholic beverage you desire as you wait for your name to be called.

Watch out for their daily specials as they're actually quite delicious.  One dish I tend to go for is their crepe stuffed with chicken, brie and apples topped with a beurre blanc sauce...amazing!!  Another great choice would be the eggs florentine with a side of date-glazed bacon.

Overall, Mon Ami Gabi has definitely become an institution that everyone seems to keep raving about.  Great at any time of day; come here for brunch with your friends or an intimate dinner with her while having one of the best seats in town to watch the Bellagio fountain show.Both times I have eaten at Mon Ami Gabi, I have been impressed with the food.  Service is okay.  One time the wait staff was wonderful and the next time just about a C+.Thought we'd try their brunch as we always eat dinner here. They never disappoint! We made our reservation for 10 am and they seated us on time. We were seated in the atrium which is a great seating choice because you get the feel of the outside without being out in the sun. They do have a beautiful patio.

We started with pear and ginger mimosas OMG! The drink is smooth but the ginger brings a little heat absolutely delicious!

I had the chicken, apple and Brie crepe so tasty! The crepe had just the right amount of chicken and apples and the melted Brie sauce provided the perfect finish!

The service is always friendly and knowledgeable. With consistent  great food and service this is one of our must visits when in Vegas.This restaurant is very beautiful and very popular!  I mean, look at how many reviews they got on Yelp and out of all these reviews from fellow Yelpers, to get 4 out of 5 should tell you something!  My hubby and I went to dinner here with his aunt and uncle, who they are frequent customers of Mon Ami Gabi.  It was our first time to eat there, and we both enjoyed it.  The service was excellent, the decor was very nice, and the food was delicious!Very good steak frite...except the frites were more like crispy potato sticks...very bizarre. I eat steak frite all the time in France and have never had fries like this. The french onion soup is to die for! Super cheesy and delicious. Carmel creme brulee was also one of the best I've ever had. With tax and tip this lunch for one set me back about $65...without a drink. REALLY Mon Ami Gabi?We really adore this place and have come back here a few times for lunch.  Especially a breezy sunny day, there's no restaurant I rather be than here and sit on the outdoor (or semi-outdoor covered) patio, enjoying their hot fresh baguette and their wonderful brie burger.  Everything we have tried here have been good and consistent.  Wonderful place for lunch.My husband and I come to Las Vegas every  year, and dinner here is a special treat.  The food is great, a good value and the service excels each time we visit.  Kudos to Brooke, our server, who made our dinner that much better.  The front hostess was on the ball.  I recommend this restaurant highly.I really, REALLY wanted to give this place five stars. Maybe even more than five. But we got hit by such a huge downer at the end of the night that it killed my enthusiasm.

The boyfriend and I had been having a wonderful night, and wanted to eat somewhere good that wouldn't break the bank. We'd just finished watching the Bellagio fountains, and Mon Ami Gabi was right across the street and just what I wanted.

We sat inside, but right by the windows facing the strip and the Bellagio fountains. We got the great view without the crowd noise, smoke, and wind. Perfect atmosphere for our romantic evening.

We both went for the steak frites: steak bordelaise (red wine reduction and carmelized onions) for me, steak roquefort (blue cheese) for the boyfriend.

The original plan was for us to each eat half of out steak and switch plates. After a few bites of mine, I decided that was just not going to happen, because I liked mine too much!

The preparations were simple. Flank steak or something like that pounded thin, with the sauce or what you chose on top. Thin cut fries that I couldn't stop snacking on. It looked like too much when it got placed in front of me, but I ended up finishing it all!

But alas, our happiness couldn't last long. Our waitress was near impossible to get ahold of once the entrees were served. I wish I could give her name here, but the nametags were numbered. Not much of a name tag, I guess.

I finished a few minutes before my boyfriend, and started looking around for her to get the dessert menu. I still had room for some creme brulee!

Five minutes later, the boyfriend finished. I glimpsed the waitress by the bar, chatting up some other servers... and checking Facebook on her iPhone!

Eventually she came our way... with a large group that she started fawning all over. They ordered lots of wine, and a few appetizers. My boyfriend and I weren't quite so spendy, so maybe that's why we got put on the back burner?

This is about fifteen minutes after I finished eating, and ten since our plates had been cleared. My boyfriend and I were clearly bored and waiting, but only the bussers came by to refill our waters.

Almost twenty minutes of waiting later, the boyfriend decided that we are not asking for a dessert menu if she doesn't offer, and certainly not leaving a tip. I absolutely hate not leaving something, but I had never been so angry about service in my life so I agreed.

Waitress finally comes, and offers dessert. If I didn't have a huge creme brulee craving, I would have been ready to walk. I got my dessert and my boyfriend got Bananas Foster.

My dessert was good, but it's not like you can mess up creme brulee. My boyfriend's dessert was huge, but he said it could have used more bananas. Still, he cleared his plate.

We booked it as soon as she got us our check. We had really been having a wonderful evening, one I won't forget, but the horrible service left a bad taste in my mouth. I really hope it's an anomaly, because I may come here again my next trip to Vegas.We had an awesome breakfast and will definitely come back for other meals.  Delicious, creative, superb service and wonderful ambience!loved this place. Las Vegas restaurants are wayy overpriced but this place I felt like we got our moneys worth. Great setting, especially if you can snag a table on the patio where you have a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain show. The service was superb and I liked that they don't rush you even when they're busy. Our food delivery was well spaced out. Generous portions and taste and quality were fantastic. Our meal cost $110 which included two steak dinners with sides, a french onion soup, appetizer and two baguettes plus a 20% tip. Not bad at all for LV. This will be at the top of my list to visit again.came for an early breakfast. we each had a "bowl" of cappuccino to start. don't be startled by the massive bowl. you'll need it. you're in vegas.

to eat, we had the blueberries french toast and corn beef hash with poached eggs off the brunch menu. The corn beef hash was a little dry and oversalted, but the blueberries french toast was AMAZING. some of the best french toast i've ever had. the blueberry sauce and fresh cream really comes together nicely. The portions are pretty large and the service was great.. so was the view! Try to get a seat near the windows! Will be back for dinner one day..Came here back in April for my brothers birthday. Got seating with a our group near the strip with a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. The food was amazing! Had the filet migon and a few beers, as well as some escargot as an appetizer. It felt a bit crowded but still gonna give this a 5 star as we had a great time and the staff was awesome.I made reservations via Opentable a day later than I wanted to by mistake. I show up with my party of 4, and they managed to get us a table anyway within 20 minutes. Right outside of the door are some penny slots, so we killed some time and got a couple complimentary drinks while we waited.

You'll definitely want to make reservations in advance, as this place is always packed with an hour wait during dinner times. Even on the weekdays. 

The ambiance (inside) is very relaxing, classy, and fit for both casual attire and dressing up. It's a great place to take your date. It's not too noisy, so carrying a conversation across the table is easy. 

The prices are reasonable for Vegas. I believe our party paid an average of $25 per entree. 

I'd definitely come back, but next time I want to sit outside to people watch on the strip and watch the Bellagio fountains in action!Went there with my wife this last Thanksgiving.   We had a "date night"  without kids so we decided to try out this place -- mainly because of the positive YELP reviews, as well as the great location.  If you sit outside, there is a great view of the Bellagio outdoor water show.   Our view was blocked at times, however, by those advertisement trucks that pollute the Vegas Strip.  They have heat lamps so it is still pretty warm even once the sun sets.  We ordered the filet mignon (pretty good here) with the roquefort butter.  The ambience was perfect for a romantic dinner.  We didn't feel rushed by our waittress and she was very nice, checking on us from time to time without being too intrusive.  We usually don't take longer than an hour or hour and half for dinner when it's just the two of us, but because it was so relaxing we stayed for close to two hours!   Wouldn't recommend this place for those with kids but overall had a great experience!  Next time we are in Vegas, we'll definitely drop by again!  

By the way, make sure you make reservations before you go as it gets crowded.  You can make reservations online too I believe.Great service, good food. The croque Madame is no joke. Eggs Benedict are tasty as well. Be prepared for price creep. The two of us had coffee, 1 eggs Benedict,  1 croque Madame, a side of bacon and 2 mimosas ($12.50 ea!) total with taxes and tip $92.  Ouch.I highly recommend reservations although if you want to sit outside on the patio, it is first come, first serve.

The service is pretty good although the table next to us found it to be lacking.  I had the steak and frites which was cooked well.  Drink selection is pretty good as well.  The atmosphere is very dark and quaint- perfect for a nice night out before a show.Great place.!! This was our first meal when we arrived in Las Vegas. Being a party of 9, they accommodated rather quickly. 

Our group sat in the back so we can have some sunlight but also still keep cool. We received our waters and bread at a decent time. 

Everyone placed their orders and we all enjoyed a casual conversation and our excitement of being back in Sin City. The orders started to flow and everyone received their plates. I ordered the warm chicken and Brie sandwich and I must say.... THEE best I've ever had!!! It came with fries that were seasoned so well. I had a bite of my friends salmon and side salad and it was also very delicious. The ambiance seating outside was very nice and the food was great. I will definitely be back.I was very impressed by this restaurant. The interior is lovely whether you sit inside or out. Also, it's a great location to people watch or have breakfast/brunch. Im sure it's just as nice during dinner time with all the lights and fountain shows across at Bellagio. 

The service here was also spot on. Everyone was  nice, friendly, and attentive. Food was delicious. I found a piece of hair in my food though that wasn't mine though. It didn't turn me off from the food and I didn't make a fuss, but it definitely wasn't pleasant lol. Nevertheless, I understand things happen and overall I like this place and would be backHands down the best seafood platter in the world!!!!

Came here on Monday late morning and did not have to wait at all! The waitress led us to the sunroom which has an amazingly nice view of the Bellagio and its water show!

We ordered the Seafood Platter, worrying that it might not be enough for both of us.It came with one Maine lobster, shrimp, salmon tartare, baguette chips, oyster, and three types of sauce (the mustard sauce was the best). Oh god, it was delicious! We ended up eating all of it and walked away with a big smile:)

Highly recommend this restaurant, and of course, their ***Seafood Platter***!!!Came for a Saturday brunch, made reservations on open table and got right in! They have a separate line to eat on the patio, but I didn't really care about that. The seating arrangement is okay. I read a review that the seating is like Cheesecake Factory where they sit you right next to other tables. This is highly accurate!!!
They have patio seating, then they have seating in a "sun room" area which is like you're on the patio but enclosed in a glass room. Then they have inside by the bar which is very dark. 
Coffee was outstanding. Really happy to see them serving intelligentsia coffee!!! 
Chocolate chip orange muffin was great!!! Also, the bacon egg and cheese crepe was outstanding!!! And the spinach goat cheese omelette was also a favorite. 
Make sure you get their jam with any bread!! It's wonderful!
Only reason not 5 stars is cause the service was okay. I think that the servers had a couple too many tables each and couldn't really focus. Also I noticed a few managers just walking around and not really talking to tables which I feel most solid restaurants do a good job of this. 
If you're in Vegas, you walk by this place all the time. Try it for a good breakfast around $50!My favorite restaurant on the Strip. Everything I've ever eaten there is amazing (baked cheese app) and the service is great."I can't believe I drank that much...if I see another Captain 'n Coke I'm going to puke." "I'm never drinking again."  Sound familiar?  Well, that's what we were telling ourselves when we were looking around for a place to grab brunch.  I remember coming across Mon Ami Gabi when I looked at Yelp reviews, so my coworker and I decided to check out the menu and look inside.  

As we walked into the main part of the restaurant, we were blown away by a HUGE bloody mary bar.  Both of us looked at each other with our mouths hanging open.  I'm not sure if it was because I was still drunk...but the bloody mary bar had a glowing aura around it.   It was a sign.  We were meant to drink more here.  I'm still convinced that bloody marys are a panacea for hangovers.  Trust me, try it out next time.

Anyway, after we finished staring at the bloody mary bar for 5 minutes, we walked to the back of the restaurant and we fell in love.  There was a beautiful outdoor seating area and the rest of the restaurant had sunlight streaming in.  

The food was great.  My coworker and I ordered two soups.  I've attached pictures for your reference. ;)  I got a porcini mushroom soup and it was DELICIOUS.  One of the best soups I've ever had.  For lunch, my coworker ordered the salad with grilled salmon and I had the croque madame.  The grilled salmon salad was very tasty.  My croque madame was very good, but I found the bread to be a bit too buttery and crunchy to my liking.  Can you believe it?  I actually said something was TOO buttery.  Butter and bacon...can't live without it. 

I will definitely be back for the good food, impeccable service, beautiful atmosphere, and of course, bloody mary heaven.  ;)J'adore Mon Ami Gabi! I've made it a point to visit this place more than once on my many trips to Vegas. Granted, I visit it when I'm on my more mellow trips, for example: with the bf's parents or when on a conference. I do not go here when I'm on bachelorette party trips or trips with 10 of my friends. It's right across from the Bellagio, so depending on your seating, you can see the awesome fountain shows and taken in Pavorotti's voice while you sip le vin. 

For dinner I had the Steak au Poivre with brandy peppercorn sauce and awesome fries. Another time I went for lunch and had the Creamy Chicken & Mushroom Crpe, which was tres excellent! It came with a spring salade and was large and delicious. Wine list was great - at lunch time they had a wine cart so you could see the bottles and take a taste if desired. 

Dessert - my friend got the Bananas Foster Crepe - he LOVES it. It's not my cup of tea, but if you enjoy bananas foster, you might like this!

Note: I just looked on the website and I guess it's a chain - didn't know this!Must Go restaurant every time we visit Vegas! Seafood plater and chicken liver are delicious. Very friendly waiters/waitresses and easy atmosphere. Great place for lunch. Ask for the patio seats in nice weathers. You could see the great Bellagio music fountain across the street.I cant sum up how much I like this place...oh wait, yes I can! Amazing, so amazing I ate here 4 times on a 4 day trip! Any breakfast item, any dinner, any wine. You cant go wrong! Please stop in, you wont regret it! French food at its finesrWhile it could be a challenge to be an early riser in Vegas, breakfast here (7 a.m. to 11 a.m.) was well worth the trade on sleeping in. So much, in fact, I started my day here twice on my last visit to Vegas.

Part un: a rather large croissant sandwich with egg, tomato, avocado, turkey and just the right amount of mayo. Though I barely had room left, I also tried the fruit salad--delicious with mango, pineapple and grape, and yogurt and brown sugar on the side. While it set me back another $10 or so, it was hard not to indulge in a mimosa while enjoying the Bellagio fountain view and the bustling Strip just off the patio (they also offered Bloody Marys and a rolling wine cart among other morning libations).

Part deux: quiche Lorraine, light and savory with bacon, cheese and chive. (It was hard to say no to the mimosa this time.)

In both cases, service was prompt, friendly and seemed effortless.

It looks like dinner here would be a hit as well, and the ambience offered in the evening is lure enough next time I'm in town.My absolute favorite non-buffet breakfast option on the Strip. This is also my favorite of three Mon Ami Gabi locations we've visited, and it's pretty much the Vegas factor that wins out.

You are going to pay more to eat breakfast here than at a buffet - this is true. But this food is memorable. I highly recommend anything Bananas Foster. Doesn't matter if you get the waffles or pancakes, but, I guaranty these are the lightest, crispiest, tastiest waffles you'll ever eat if you so choose. 

Also, and this is the most important part - the coffee here is beyond reproach. It is so good, I had the server write down the Web site for me so I could order a couple bags. I'm typically not a French roast guy, but this coffee is all kinds of special.

Of note - outside dining is walk-up only. Get there early and spend a little time waiting in the casino if you want the beautiful terrace seating. If you want a reservation, you can call, but that's going to get you inside tables only.Wine selection, amazing. Food, out of this world. Ambiance, perfect balance of casual and a little dose of luxe. Went 2 nights in a row. Mussels were the showstoppers!Went to Vegas with my parents as a final mini vacay before school starts. This time we went to Mon Ami Gabi for dinner to try the prominent Filet Mignon w/ merlot butter!

We made a Tuesday, 7:30pm reservation, which I'm really glad we did because it was pretty crowded around that time. We were lucky enough to get a table inside, but by the opening where we could still watch Bellagio's water show.

They give you a complimentary baguette with some type of seasoned radish/veggie thing on a separate plate. Interesting, but it wasn't anything that great IMO. The baguette was warm and fresh and the butter we slabbed on it made it a great starter to our dinner.

Here's what we ordered that night:

1. BUTTER LETTUCE & APPLE SALAD
- Didn't try it, but my mom seemed to really like it.

2. ONION SOUP AU GRATIN
- So good, definitely one of the better french onion soups I've had. It wasn't too salty (which is a common issue most I've had) and the Gruyere cheese melted on top was divine.

3. FRANGRIA
- AKA 'French Sangria'. It was really good! I would get again and a glass of it is only $5.

4. STEAK BEARNAISE
- Tender, flavorful, good flavoring.

5. FILET MIGNON W/ MERLOT BUTTER
- Honestly the best filet mignon I've ever had. It's so tender that it melts in your mouth and that merlot butter sauce they put on it is godly. The frites were tasty and even better when they were sopping up the remaining merlot butter. MMMM!

6. HANGER STEAK W/ MERLOT BUTTER
- Tender and pretty similar tasting to the filet mignon (obv. because of the merlot butter). Honestly, I wouldn't mind just ordering this one since it tastes pretty much the same AND it's $20 (cheaper than the filet mignon).

Their prices aren't that bad when you look at the ambiance and quality of the food and service. Very impressive once again!

Tips/FYI's:
- Make a reservation just to be safe!
- Their patio seating has a beautiful view of the Bellagio water show, but you can't reserve a table there bc it's a first come, first serve basis :(
- Since we went on a weekday, we noticed it wasn't very crowded around 8pm, so it might be easier to walk-in around that time?Mon Ami Gabi is super cute!  Make sure you reserve a table before you get there because there was a line and a 1.5 hr wait for people that did not reserve. We were seated in front of the bellagio fountains outside and the weather could not have been any better.  It was such a beautiful view and the scenery seemed like I was in a movie.  The food was amazing!  We ordered scallops, mussels and fries.  We left full and completely satisfied.  The french sangria was also amazing!

I highly recommend this place.Very friendly, attentive staff, great food and venue. Outdoor patio is always packed so be ready to wait if that's your desired seating. We opted to sit inside which they sat us down very quickly. Definitely recommend itPlace was packed on 8/22/15, got seated right away, but in the hot sun, quickly got moved to a better location. they got their shit together! Our server Laura was great on top of everything we needed as well as multiple other tables, try this place, you will not regret it!!, P.S. ask for Laura as a server, she has glasses and is a gemLast week during our visit to Vegas to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday, we decided to have dinner here before catching the Ka show.  We made reservations for 630pm and were seated immediately inside the atrium area.  We asked to sit outside but were told that it would be a 30 minute wait despite reservations.  The food was pretty delicious.  The bread was alright but I could tell it was probably a day old.  For starters, we shared the scallops gratinee, which were absolutely delicious.  Our only gripe was that for nearly $13, it only came with 3 moderately sized scallops.  For the entrees, my boyfriend ordered the steak au poivre with frites and I ordered the braised short ribs with mashed potatoes.  Both dishes were delicious and came in huge portions.  Overall, our bill came out to be about $87 with the appetizer, two entrees, and two glasses of wine.  Definitely not too bad for a restaurant off the strip in Vegas.

Would I come back here again when I'm in Vegas?  Definitely!  I would just prefer to sit outside on the patio to enjoy the Bellagio fountain show and for the people watching.Delicious is all I can say!!!! Between my friend and I we shared the house made pate. It had mustard seed and it was a better choice than the mousse pate. Mousse pate would be like eating a liver smoothie. 

We each had our own steaks. I got the classic piece of steak cooked to my liking! It came with fries. It was only lunch but we didn't care. Steaks for lunch. Pretty much didn't eat anything else for the rest of the day LOL. That piece of steak was big! Service was on point!I was still so full from lunch, the only thing I could handle ordering was the sea scallops gratinees.  Which ended up being one of, if not the absolute, best thing I have ever eaten in my life.  They are so delicious!  

They sat me directly adjacent to, within arms-reach of, one of the wine carts which--hah, if they had known me at all--is a big mistake!  Luckily I was in a martini mood, and the one I tried (with blue-cheese stuffed olives, I forget the name now) was great.  

The restaurant was gorgeous, and I didn't really notice the Bellagio fountains from our seat between the inside area and patio, but it was a beautiful day either way. All of the staff were so friendly and happy, which only made the experience all the more inviting and pleasant.this place is lovely! i want to meet this friend, Gabi. haha :P
it's so homey, great food, great service.
the waffles SOUNDED perfect - the ideal crisp and soft sounds. beautiful. TASTED just as good as I was expecting. i'm excited just writing about it.

a great way to start the day - hungover or not ;)

it can get pretty busy it seems and outdoor seating is packed. 

i would definitely come back!My group and I really loved Mon Ami. First of all, the ambiance is fantastic. I mean if there were any place in the whole country that you could create a truly "Paris" like experience, I would think it would at be the giant multi billion dollar Paris replica in Vegas. This place really feels European, in the sense that you are in a really touristy area of Paris watching Americans and Asians meander by gawking up at the Eiffel Tower and being obnoxious... well ill reserve the obnoxious comment to the Americans. It's not your "quaint alleyway/place that Hemingway would have hung out" type of authenticity, but if you're expecting that in Vegas, you are off your rocker anyway - my point is it feels about as authentic as you can get - the food, the decor, the surroundings etc.

The food is excellent and the service is very friendly (and it's crazy being in a "European" place and getting quick service... it feels WRONG!). I would come here again, and recommend to anybody looking for a place on the Strip for dinner/lunch/brunch. As is the case with any popular place in this town... make reservations. My favorite thing about Mon Ami though was the setting/patio and the ambiance. Grab a spot on the patio and this has got to be some of the best people watching in the country. Seriously. Where else can you grab an delicious patio brunch at 11 AM and watch half a dozen drunken bachelor or bachelorette party stumble by during your meal? Got to love Vegas.My boyfriend and I ate here one evening for dinner while on our vacation and it was excellent!

It seemed to be very busy, but we were able to be seated immediately without a reservation. Plus, the service was tip top. Being inside the Paris casino, it is of course French themed, but is not overly hokey. The atmosphere feels very intimate and romantic.

The food didn't blow us away or anything, but was very good. I had the daily special which was a fish and my boyfriend had a steak. My fish was delish! Both of us finished our meals.

Prices are reasonable for the food and experience.We dined here on Thanksgiving for a romantic dinner. We sat outside under the heat lamps looking out toward the Bellagio fountains. Our server Jose was kind enough to offer to take our picture & provide us with what felt like special attention despite the crowd that night. Our steaks au poivre were done perfectly and Jose was helpful with suggestions for sides & desserts. Overall, we had excellent service with delicious food. We will return!We had a great meal here. 7 o'clock reservations prior to a Cirque show. We were seated right next to the outside seating area-- so we had a good view of the Bellagio fountains even though we were indoors.

I thought the prices were very reasonable for the strip. I had the Frangria (their take on Sangria) which was a deal at only $5 per glass. My husband and I split the butter lettuce and arugula salad which was very good. The waiter also brought us a delicious baguette and butter, and an amuse bouche of carrot salad which was excellent.

I had the steak frites roquefort and my husband had the chicken. Both dishes were really really good. Portions are very generous as well. My friend and her husband ordered the duck confit prior to dinner and were very impressed.

We had an amazing waiter-- super charming and very attentive. 

I have only positive things to say about Mon Ami Gabi, and we will definitely be back if we ever make it back to Vegas.Excellent experience when dining for brunch al fresco !! Wait was less than 10 min and food was delish!!!! Great view of bellagio fountains as well. Perfect for people watchingThis is my third time dining at this restaurant and we have went here twice during this trip in Vegas.  Once for dinner and the other for lunch the next day. The service is immaculate here and servers are always making sure we have everything we need. 
I had the steak frites au poivre.  Price was $27 for the entree which was very affordable.  The peppercorn sauce was very flavorful and wish I had a little more. We also had the chicken pate appetizer which was also very delicious as well.  We sat outside for dinner because there was a cool breeze that was very nice in the Vegas heat and it was fun watching people pass by. Recommend this place for families that want a nice dinner without having to get all fancied up.Order the French Toast! Fabulous service. 
Yelp-recommended breakfast in Las Vegas comes through once again!Our lunch stop while we were in Vegas, this place was a delight. Located on the main level of the Paris hotel and its patio extending onto the strip, this is a nice relaxing place to enjoy a near authentic Parisienne bistro experience. We were seated indoors in near the patio which was a perfect place cause it was still a bit chilly in the February air.


We were served water right away and I was surprised to discover a poor little ant trying to swim for his life in my glass. It was promptly replaced by the server who apologized and I received a fresh glass.

We decided to order a few appetizers and a bowl of their famous french onion soup and have it accompanied by a glass of Pinot Blanc.


Complimentary bread and butter were quickly placed on our table before our food began to arrive in about 15 minutes. The fresh butter was great and the bread still warm.


The first appetizer that arrived was the Chicken Liver Mousse. What a fantastic dish. The pate mousse was delicious and was served with a small side of pickled onions and cucumbers and four pieces of slightly toasted bread. Partially drizzled was a most delicious hot mustard which provided just enough kick to compliment the pate. I was thoroughly impressed and the only thing that could have made it better would have been a few more pieces of bread as the serving size of the mousse was more than enough.


The escargot arrived with a surprisingly appetizing green coloured sauce which was actually the garlic herb butter. The six pieces of escargots had great heat (temperature) and as such was a pleasure to eat. The garlic herb butter was not too rich and added great flavour. I wouldn't go out of my way to order this item but it was good and so if you are in the mood for escargots then I would recommend this.


We ordered a half-order of the muscles and they arrived in good time.The muscles were a good size and the white wine sauce was so good that we were dipping the bread into it to get all the sauce we could in to our stomach. They were fresh and full of flavour.


The onion soup was to die for. Make sure that when you order this, you eat it as soon as it comes to your table as you want the cheese to be all melty and stringy. It was delicious and I would highly recommend this. If there's only one thing that you order, it must be the french onion soup.

All in all, a fantastic place for lunch with good service, great food, and a pseudo-parisienne  experience in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip.This is a great value restaurant.  Just nice enough for a business dinner.  But still casual enough to take the kids,  Excellent food and service,  Wine list is weak.I really enjoyed my breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi. Yes, it is overpriced, but it's Vegas so it's to be expected. The eggs benedict were a solid 4 and the date glazed bacon was incredible. 
However, the service was horrid. Our waitress was just plain mean. Not rude, but mean. I even saw her scolding the bus boy for doing something that wasn't to her liking. Not appropriate in front of customers. 
Other than that, I would definitely return on another trip to Vegas.Love the atmosphere.  Its best to get their late in the afternoon when the Bellagio fountains go off and stay to watch the sun go down as the lights of The Strip come on.Eat here every time I come to Vegas. The food is excellent and the service is always friendly and on point. This last time one of my friends steaks was ever so slightly overdone. They immediately offered to bring her a new one but she said it was fine. Less than 5 minutes later they informed her that her meal was on the house! Really made us feel like valued customers. Will definitely be back!
Patio seating is an added bonus at this place as you can watch the Bellagio fountains while you eat. Prices are also quite reasonable. Try the French onion soup!Great place for breakfast on the strip. Excellent service, food, infrastructure, and view.

The blueberry waffles were perfect and came with a nice serving of fresh whipped cream. The coffee was perfect and topped off frequently.Mussels French fries apple tart tatin chicken or steak sandwich, escargot, French onion soup, n bread are all good. Avg food is hamburger, seafood crepe (premade not fresh crepe).We dined here on Father's Day as a recommendation by the concierge, and I must say, it was good advice.  Situated directly across from the Bellagio Fountains, this restaurant offered a pleasant experience on a beautiful day, and we sat comfortably on the semi-outdoor patio despite the summer heat.

The Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine was excellent.  The buttery taste of the salmon and egg contrasted very nicely with the capers.  Never before have I actually enjoyed eating the capers, so I would say that this was a good sign.

The most notable dish ordered was the Seafood Crepe.  The seafood was amazingly fresh, a great feat for an inland barren desert, and it was all served in a rich, savory cream sauce which brought it all together.

To top it off, we had a Strawberry and Lemon Sorbet, made from scratch.  The sweet berry naturally went well with the citrus, and it was a wonderful way to finish our lunch.

Moreover, our waitress was attending culinary school to become a chef, so she really knew her stuff, not to mention the service was great.Tried the lemon skinny pancakes, loved them! I liked that they weren't the regular fluffy pancakes, but kind of a hybrid between the fluffy pancakes and french crepes.From a Celiac:

Menu:
Small, but some good things.

This cheese plate was awesome and they actually have gluten free bread!!! YAYAYA!!! They even toast it, and it comes out warm and delicious. The boyfriend actually likes my GF bread better than the crisps that come with the cheese plate.

We also get the Pouilly Fuisse to pair with the cheese plate. So good.

He gets the crab cakes, which he loves.

I get the trout. Yuuum

Love sitting outside, drinking wine with a cheese plate. Usually do it for lunch, but did the same routine for dinner and it was even more amazing!

Only detractor are the people walking past. There's a lot of weird street performers and people getting selfies in front of the Eiffel Tower. But, overall, I love coming here. One time the boyfriend missed his flight and I just went there and hung out drinking and eating cheese. I threaten him with that any time he might miss his flight. He doesn't want me indulging alone on such a great meal, or being tempted to invite someone to share it with me!great restauant! food all tastes great. i had escargot, and some sort of seafood ensamble with pureed vegetable, i think it was scallop. it was super good. i came here with a large group of friends and everyone loved thier food. one thing that stuck out the most... THE FRENCH BREAD! lol all the girls ate it and asked for more and more. this place has the best outdoor seating in vegas next to LAVO! I like this place for casual dinner.We ate here back in May and loved it. My husband ordered the lemon pancakes, they are not your everyday pancakes of course, a cross between a regular American pancake and an a crepe it was divine. I ordered the salmon eggs Benedict and it was delicious. They have a great Bloody Mary bar, we sat outside on the terrace enjoyed a lovely breakfast people watching. This place is always busy I recommend you make reservations.Fabulous place, increíble food, and our server Megan was simply amazing, super nice, friendly and helpful!!!Great view of the Bellagio in the morning if you get an outside seat. Eating breakfast was great, try the quiche lorraine. The coffee is good with free refills. Very French atmosphereWow!!! Duck Confit to die for! Save room for the butterscotch pot de Creme. Best dessert ever!  Amanda from Cali is best server in Vegas. Finally! After 3 days of crummy service, we are rewarded with a great server. Trust her recommendations!My friend and I had to be in and out within 30 minutes. The Waitress was a star. She got us exactly that with pizzazz (friend caught her giggle as she passed by us since we were being so silly trying to eat everything within 10~15 minutes lol). They were also very understanding and accommodating even though we kept pushing our reservation back at the last minute. Food was very delicious, and this was very much noted amidst all the rush. Will definitely go back if I'm back in Vegas, this time with more time to actually savor the flavors.Very nice place the eggs Benedict with London broil were awesome and the mimosa was just as goodI love their breakfast... doesn't get any better than their eggs florentine. Sit outside if you can, and go early to beat the heat.Okay, so I'm probably not a prime candidate to make an interesting review of Mon Ami Gabi, but what the heck... the reason being is that I had their cheeseburger... it was awesomely awesome!  Some of the other items had at our table were, fish, filet mignons, chicken, vegetarian and salad.  Everyone said that they liked the food and the presentation was great!  

My burger was really tender and cooked to perfection, the bun was tender (a bit big), I had mine with gruyere cheese and that was a nice touch and added some great flavor.  

The main reason that I wanted to write this review is to rave about the fries (or frittes I believe they're called)... they're the craziest thing ever!  They were like a hybrid of a french fry and a potato chip, but soft, yet crunchy... I can't even explain it, they were so good I could have had a meal just entirely of those!  I also did try my wife's hanger steak and it wasn't too bad either, tender and juicy for  sure!  

Their menu was smaller and not a lot of dishes that stood out to me... I really didn't give it a thorough read over, because I was in the mood for a big ol' juicy messy sloppy burger!

Overall, really cool atmosphere, nice and friendly servers/waitstaff  and excellent fries.....We arrived at the bar at 1:00 Robert the bartender was over the top fantastic I mean who would of known such great service and entertaining way he has about himself,treat yourself to a good lunch and the greatest service for lunch on the strip don't waste your money any where else !!!!Perfect Christmas dinner tonight with the family. Made the reservation in August and I had to adjust the time this morning and we were accommodated with no problems. I ordered filet mignon merlot and it was wonderfully marbled and medium! Scallops, onion soup, warm goat cheese salad, wild boar ragu were all delicious. Krisha was very attentive and we felt pleased with her service. Will definitely come back on our next Vegas trip!One of my best dining experiences in Vegas.  About as European as a restaurant can get on this side of the Atlantic.  Entrees, wine, port, cheese tray, Cafe Americano.  Man, it was all good.A simply lovely place to enjoy a very good breakfast. Service is attentive but not intrusive. Food is fresh and prepared well. Modifications made without an issue to diners' specifications. Coffee is so good you will want to drink it black.

The dining experience is lovely as well, but there just seems to be more charm sitting outside and eating a leisurely breakfast.A gluten free menu, servers who obviously know & care about gluten allergies, quality yet affordable food, and a view of the Bellagio fountains; what more can a girl ask for?!? My boyfriend and I came here & both absolutely loved it!! Our server was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the gluten free menu (I wish I could remember his name!). He was very accomodating & was even able to confirm that the one of the specials of the day was gluten free (it was a grilled porkchop with a mustard butter sauce with their frites & was fantastically delicious). My bf got the steak bearnaise, which also happens to be gluten free, so I was able to enjoy his as well. Both of our meals were fantastic! I also got to enjoy warm slices of gluten free bread & butter before my meal. And we shared the flourless chocolate cake for dessert & it was to die for. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, especially those needing a gluten free menu. FYI, you cannot make a reservation for the patio, but we skipped lunch and went to an early dinner at 5pm and were seated on the patio right away. I cannot wait to come back!The strawberry waffle was buttery.  The eggs benedict was also great.  I had the quiche lorraine which was light and delicious.  Great view of the Fountains at Bellagio.Mon Ami Gabi is a great restaurant for a number of reasons: 1) the decor and warm, dark lighting inside make you feel like you're in a Parisian restaurant; 2) delicious French food; 3) outdoor seating with great views of the Vegas strip; 4) real French people serving you; and 5) fairly reasonable prices.

However, the drawbacks are 1) they won't tell you how long the wait is if you call (ridiculous!); 2) the wait can apparently get pretty long.

I came here on business, and had the goat cheese appetizer in a tomato sauce (it is AWESOME) and their most popular chicken dish without the bacon. Both were very good, but the appetizer stole the show. My waiter was French Canadian, so I practiced my high school French with him. Service was efficient, but not overly friendly or talkative - probably owing to how busy it gets here.

THIS IS NOT A CHEAP $$ restaurant, unless you get one cheap entree. More likely, you are in the $$$ range. Just fair warning. That being said, for French food, it isn't obscenely expensive.My boyfriend and I came here for lunch on my birthday and I have to say I was really impressed. The wait staff was very attentive and the food was amazing. I've never had french food but was not at all disappointed. Highly recommend dining al fresco here.Came in on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm and were seated immediately in the inside dining area. We were just beside the doors leading to the patio so we weren't bothered by the heat outside, but still had plenty of natural sunlight.

Service was great and the atmosphere was spot-on. They brought out batches of fresh bread to newly seated tables all at the same time, so if you didn't get your bread right away--patience, my friend. The baguette was amazing though. Couldn't put it down.

They were still serving brunch, so my boyfriend got the eggs benedict while I opted for the ham and cheese crepe. My crepe was gooey with warm, melted cheese and stuffed with ham. The ham was a little too salty so I did have to leave some behind on my plate. Boyfriend said his eggs benedict was good, but the english muffin was something else--it wouldn't cut! I even had a go at it and the thing wouldn't budge which made eating a much bigger hassle.

Up next was a bananas foster crepe! It comes out looking like a pregnant crepe, but it sure is tasty. Eat the ice cream before it melts! The sauce was a little too sweet for my liking and I guess they burnt off most of the alcohol (if there was any) since I couldn't taste any flavor of it at all. Regardless, the bananas were delish and the crepe was delish and I'd still gladly order it again :)

**Tip for the MEN: No sleeveless shirts allowed! They enforced this rule on the guy in line ahead of us waiting to be seated.One of my favorite place for breakfast and dinner in Vegas. Great location right across from Bellagio fountains.  So romantic!!  I had the Croque-monsieur for breakfast amazing! Great place to sit and people watch also. A must go to spot in Vegas.I always wanted to try this place.  The location is amazing and of course you want balcony seating for the incredible Bellagio views.  
What was really surprising is how great the food was.  The seafood lunch platter was absolutely steller.Loved the food. Highly recommend the patio seating as it has a great view of the Bellagio fountains across the street. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful. Would definitely go there again!one of best restaurant on Strip. friendly staff (specially hostess) and great food... just need to work on food presentation little bit more. other than that I enjoyed my food and the ambiance. I give them two thumbs up!!Loved this french themed restaurant. Went here for brunch and was not disappointed! My mother is from France and she loved it as much as I didLOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  Their steak classique and frites are so tasty.  Still, my personal favorite is their creme brulee.  It never disappoints.  It's great that you can sit outside because you get a nice view of the strip, but they need to expand it.  Every time I go there, there is a really long wait to eat outside, but the interior decor is very classy and the servers are pleasant, so try it!I have eaten here for both dinner and brunch this trip to Vegas and fell in love! Food is amazing and service is wonderful! I have a gluten sensitivity and not only are there plenty of choices, but the staff is knowledgeable. We will definitely come back again when in Vegas!!! Ps...my husband is a pretty amazing cook and very picky, and absolutely loved the food as well! 5 stars without a doubt!We always enjoy our meals here when we're Vegas. Great in June 2010 and still lived up to our fond memories most recently in Nov 2013 and Jan 2014.Sat outside for a late Sunday lunch watching the Bellagio fountains erupt every 15 min. Great ambiance, very good food, excellent service, reasonable price. Best lunch we had in Vegas. Frangria: meh. I should have usurped and slurped fantastic hubby's most excellent Metropolitan.This place is great. We stayed outside on the patio. Would def come here again. I love the food and i got the steak hanger.The top 3 words to an ideal property is location location location!!!!! Mon Ami Gabi has completely captured that. Not going to lie, but even if the food was bad, people would still come in, watch the Bellagio show, and probably leave a little unhappy but still glad they got a pretty good seat.
But here's the thing - they serve GOOD food.. great food I would say and at completely reasonable prices, not to mention the free music / water show across the street. 

We were able to make reservations for 9:30 after the Chris Angel show at the luxor, and although the patio is first come first serve, it happened to open up before our inside dining room table was ready. The waitress was patient, polite and helpful. We all got a great view of the bellagio which was breathtaking.

I ordered the salmon that came with a bed of orzo. The portion was extremely large and the salmon was cooked beautifully. The orzo was well seasoned and I enjoyed every last bite. Watching my friends - their dishes were huge, including the size of mussels which looked like they had doubled in regular size. The fries ordered were unique, skinny and flat, something I've never tried before.

No one's bank was broken after this as prices ranged anywhere from $ 15 - $25 dollars.. and a bit more expensive for the dishes that were out of the ordinary. Everyone was completely satisfied and the hot heat just made it a perfect night to site outside.

I know people who have rituals to eat here everytime they come to Vegas. I would like to start this tradition myself the next time I come back!Delicious everything, great service, great setting and inside a hotel I'm very fond of. Came for a nice dinner out with my mom while she was in town and I wanted to try Mon Ami Gabi; it was definitely the right choice. Our waiter was very attentive without being overbearing (that's hard to do since he came around often but was just so polite and not pushy at all). We had reservations for 8 pm and when we arrived had a 10 minute wait, so we went to the bar to grab drinks in that time. I had a Bloody Mary and my mom had a Lemon Drop Martini (very good). We were seated just in front of the kitchen so there was a lot of traffic going by. In some restaurants I think it can be annoying but it didn't bother me here. Everyone seems very professional, which is how it should be! A lot of people dress up but there are also others dressed casually, so whatever floats your boat, but they do have a no sleeveless shirts requirement for men.

I had the French Onion Soup (yum), my mother had the Chicken Liver Pate which she absolutely loved (I don't really like or dislike pate so my opinion is void), and then we shared the Hanger Steak (the merlot butter was so delicious) and the Seared Sea Scallops. I ordered the steak medium rare but would get medium next time since it was a little tough to cut. Those are seriously the best scallops I've ever had, tasty and soooo tender. My mother also had 2 glasses of the Sauvignon Blanc which was very very smooth. What was refreshing to me was the music. It wasn't just piano instrumentals to fall asleep to, but they played a lot of Norah Jones mixed in with contemporary soft rock/pop songs. That might sound weird how I'm describing it but it was contemporary while still being appropriate for the setting.

Our total was just over $100 including drinks and tip which I completely think is worth it for fine dining without being stuffy and amazing food all around. We were too full for dessert but I'll definitely be back for that steak and to experiment with their specialty drinks menu. I'd also like to sit outside when the weather isn't too hot, it's fun to people watch!We had our wedding dinner for about 50 guests here in April. We chose the private room and it accomodated us nicely. The service was superb from start to finish. The food impecable. Not a single guest had anything bad to say-in fact they all raved about the service and how delicious the food was. They let me set up the room the way I wanted it and bring in a cake. Honestly, there was nothing I would change. They helped make our wedding an incredible evening to remember and I am truly grateful to them for their service.I think overall food is Salty but still good! Kid friendly, not at night (too tight spacing) but if your child is behaved well and doesn't run or scream, this is a great go to family restaurant. Not like Buca Peppo most certainly in ambiance nor cheesecake, just a mix of both and a touch of upscale with the wine glasses.

the little girl had  her $4.95 kids meal served in cafeteria style glass plate. She enjoyed it like a grown lady with her wine glass of water instead of the offered plastic cup and straw. She got the grilled cheese which i devoured instead while she eyed on butter fresh baby green beans, apple slices, and frites (fries). The cheese is not cheddar so if you want that you have to request. I should have done that and thus the swiss ended up in my hips.

We started with shrimp cocktail ($12.95) and 1/2 order mussels (10.95).  The shrimp was huge and served on ice, about 5 or 6 pieces. Too little for price! It was good and the only thing i was happy about was that it was smaller portion so we didn't have to box anything home. But if looking at value, it was overpriced.  The mussels was good, sauce not as good as Brunos in Brea, Ca, and mussels were too meaty for my liking.  Then again we are comparing Bruno Italian with Mon Ami French! How dare I !!

Entrees was new york strip steak (39.95) which was good but he got it medium, not typically his taste and so really the review won't be accurate.  He liked it, i did too, we definitely got full from it but I cannot say much about it since i love seafood more.

Got the Sea Scallops ($19.95) which came in 5 pieces with brussel sprouts and cauliflower puree. I ordered side of mushroom ($3.95) which was good but too salty.  The dish didn't need any sides.  The scallops surprisingly made me full! Could be the dressing and buttered thing sin it that fills you up.  It was soft inside and perfeclty seared outside.  I was blown away!!

Will be our go to restaurant again. The bill for all and our carafe of sangria (about 5 wine glasses or maybe 6 depending on how much you pour) was $135.00 or so.  

We came in at 5.45 pm and by 7:00 pm it was packed and butts were bumping into my face since we sat on table and not booth. It was too tight of spacing and dark!! I don't recommend high heels for older ladies. Hold on to your man or make him hold you when you navigate here. 

Do It Do It, Mon Ami Gabi....let's go again!

Note: There is dress code, not strict...but don't come in all torn up! Your wallet may be torn up here but don't look that way!Our favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Whenever we are in town we make a point of coming here and sitting on the patio.  Great food and great people watching.I had their onion soup for the appetizer and their filet mignon with the merlot butter for my entree as recommended by our waiter.  He was on spot and everything was delicious. It was enough to make me realize that I would rather have a nice meal rather than any best buffet Vegas has to offer. I just want a simple meal that is done really well, and Mon Ami Gabi did it well.

We were also recommended a white wine from France called the Vouvray that was really amazing for a good price. We were seated outdoors with a great view looking out onto the Bellagio water show.

Next time I go to Vegas, I would want to end my trip there again.Great place.  I had the scallops which were cook perfectly and my wife had the trout which was overcooked.  She did mention this to the waiter who just shrugged it off.  We weren't expecting a refund but an acknowledgment that he would pass the comment to the chef.Looking for a break from the overstimulation that is Las Vegas? Mon Ami is the perfect detox while still experiencing the class and culture of Vegas. And you don't have to pay $50 for a buffet you'll only eat like two plates of food at.

My sister and I came on a Tuesday morning at 11:30 looking for brunch. The menu looked pretty posh and stale at first, but we gave it a try after seeing the patio! It's right across from the Bellagio, as you probably know, so it really is a gorgeous spot. You're smack dab in the middle of the strip, so whichever way you're facing, you have a great view, and people are walking by with their ridiculous slurpee cups slung over their shoulders, taking pics with the strange costumed characters. Super entertaining to watch. ASK FOR THE PATIO, indoor looked so lame. 

Our server Carlos was a real highlight, aside from the sweet lady that greeted us with "Bonjour!" in a convincing French accent and then talked to us with a regular American one. Carlos let us order brunch even though it was about an hour after they stopped serving it, and acted all secretive about it, like he was doing us a huge favor. He also pointed out his favorite items from every category, which helped me order the Corned Beef Hash with Poached Eggs...YUM.

Before I go further: THE BREAD! They delivered waters and a hot French baguette in a bag almost immediately with nice soft butter. Thankfully my sister is gluten-free so I got to eat the whole baguette solo, and they brought her a side of gluten-free bread too, which she said was awesome. A treat for those who don't get the pleasure of eating regular bread, those poor humans. 

Next highlight: THE COFFEE. I ordered a black coffee despite my crappy experience with Vegas coffee thus far. Do they think I'm so drunk that I won't care that I'm drinking burnt crap? Mon Ami clearly has a higher opinion of me, because their Stumptown coffee was deeeelightful. I had three cups and Carlos offered me one to go when we were about to leave. Please and thank you, Carlos. 

Prices were nice and cheap. It was around $38 for two entrees and my coffee. Around the same price as one buffet entry, plus such a relaxing atmosphere. YES PLEASE VEGAS!

Note from my gluten-free sis: She ordered a burger lettuce-wrapped, and sweet Carlos offered her a gluten-free bun, which she skeptically accepted. Normally GF bread is rough times, apparently, and crumbles as you eat it. She LOVED this bun, and even had me try it. Tasted like a normal bun to me, which is always a good sign. Thank you Mon Ami for helping the gluten-intolerant feel normal in a world full of lettuce wraps.Love this place, especially if you manage to get a table on the patio with the Bellagio fountains view!!! A little pricey but it's totally worth it.I am not an authority on French cuisine, but  I certainly enjoy the food here.  I have been here for dinner and lunch.  My parents and other people that I know that have been here all rave about this place and I agree that it is warranted.

Update:  I recommended to one of my co-workers (bona fide French!) and she fully approved of the place.  I steered her away from the buffet (boofet!).

The service sometimes leaves a bit to be desired.  I think that it is nice to sit outside when the weather is nice, but the service seems worse out there.  Inside and for dinner, the service seems better.

As someone who is tired of most of the casino restaurants, I can't say that I ever tire of this place.  I feel like a lot of the casinos have now taken for granted that after dropping a couple of g's at the tables, customers will not mind paying $45 for a buffet dinner that is a bit so-so... Wynn, I'm looking at you!

So if you REALLY want to eat somewhere on the Strip and you pass on my two places in my other reviews La Scala and Ichiza, then this place will deliver.  Also, you can make reservations here via OpenTable.com.I am a big food snob and I know it. This restaurant delivers in both service, although a bit slow, and food. I highly suggest you give it a try. Ask for Isabelle, sit outside and enjoy. The chicken liver mousse is just divine! I also tried the gazpacho a friend had and found it perfect. For an entree I had the frisee salad with warm bacon and a poached egg on top. The entire dish was simply amazing, the egg perfectly poached and delish! My partner had the prime burger with brie, it was Cooked to perfection and tasty too. I hardly ever give 5 stars but this delightful restaurant surely deserves it!Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite spots in Vegas, located in Paris, in the heart of the strip with easy access to the street. staff was very friendly and professional. Went their for Steak dinner which was cooked to perfection and as requested even though our table was huge with 15 people plus. All food came at the same time with the proper temperature. Waiter was attentive and courteous. Again, we hit Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast the next morning, as you know breakfast is very important in Vegas, and this venue is known to be the place for good breakfast and sure it was. Their breakfast menu is extensive with great diverse options. Had a great overall experience and will be looking forward to the next visit soon. The deserve every star.Let me start by saying subconsciously  have high expectations for this restaurant. I have been here for dinner quite a few times so I was curious to see what breakfast was like. 

We were greeted by what I can only say was an absent minded hostess. I was a tad set back by her somewhat rude "hello", lack of eye contact, smile and simple customer service. Being the first person to set an impression on customers in such a fine restaurant you would think she would have better greeting skills. We were then taken to our table by another host who not only didn't say one word to us while we were walking to the patio dining but walked so fast we actually lost him going through the restaurant. Only positive experience about the whole entry and seating was our table was in a great spot on the patio with a great view. 

We were then greeted by our server who I would say switched up my negative outlook thus far. She was friendly, personable and attentive. We enjoyed the salmon and Florentine Benedict. Both were very good, the eggs were poached just right topped with a rich Hollandaise sauce.  We then enjoyed a banana foster crepe for dessert. 

The dining experience I would give a 4, the food a 4 and the hostess team a -1

Be careful too if your wearing black because the napkins leave lint all over your clothes. I was wearing a black dress and I was covered in white lint.BOTTOM LINE: Awesome food with a great patio. Not for those with simple tastes, but those with a playful palate will fall in love with the food. 

THE EXPERIENCE: I was dealt an unfortunate layover in Vegas, but luckily for me, it was early. It was a no-brainier... Mon Ami Gabi. It's the third time I've eaten here and I'm 3-for-3. If you like eggs Benedict, this is the spot for you. They always have a special EB dish and today's treat was no disappointment. 

After being told they were out of the pork belly, I begrudgingly accepted their second offer for an eggs Benedict special. Boy am I glad they were out of the pig fat... I had the most perfectly poached eggs on toasted French bread, topped with heirloom tomatoes, feta cheese, a beautifully balanced hollandaise sauce, and watercress. On the side was ratatouille that surprisingly complimented perfectly. I even asked for more toast to sop up the last little bits of yolk and sauce. 

If you go and the weather is nice, wait for the patio. It's worth it.I'm not going to tell you anything that the other reviews have said.  Mon Ami is great.  We go there every time we're in Vegas and we've never disappointed.  This time we made reservations on Open Table about an hour prior and got seated at a table just inside of the patio with a great view of the fountains.

We ordered brie for an app, we both had steaks for an entree, and chocolate mousse and bread pudding for dessert.  Service was attentive was not overbearing and the food was great.

Great prices for the Strip, too.I could smell my seared scallops dinner before it was placed in front of me on the table. Then, poof, gone. I wish I had savored my dinner more.

Enjoyed the outdoor patio too -- great people watching and a relaxing way to watch the Bellagio fountains.This is an absolutely amazing place to have a romantic dinner or simply have a casual dinner. I have been here once, for my birthday a year ago and the experience was amazing. My date & I sate outside, the view of the strip and the Bellagio water show was the topping on the cake:-) The food was a lot but it was delicious especially their French Onion Soup; they really set the standards for me with the Soup no other place can compare after I tasted this one by far the best. 
Our waitress was amazingly sweet, helpful, funny, & tentative. I would definitely go back when I visit again.Went here several times for breakfast during my Vegas stay because the menu is full of amazing foods and I had to come back to try more! Never disappointed. Stayed outside. During my first visit the staff could have been friendlier, but never had that same problem any of the other times I went.We came here for breakfast. Everything was fresh and delicious. The coffee was good as well. Overall, this was a fabulous place for breakfast with a wonderful atmosphere.You can't say no to these amazing slabs of meat!

I ordered the **Steak Bordelaise** which is topped with caramelized onions and accompanied by frites. The steak is incredibly tender and melts in your mouth! The sweetness from the caramelized onions blended so well with the meaty juiciness. And I couldn't stop popping those frites in my mouth, one after another. They had the perfect texture: thin and crisp yet dense in flavor.

The **Paris Romance** cocktail, elegant and refreshing, is composed of Malibu Rum, Amaretto, a splash of pineapple juice, a dash of Grenadine, grapefruit juice, and some secret magic ingredients. Served in a chilled martini glass, it is the perfect accompaniment to such a fine-tuned meal.

The decor and ambiance reflect classy French charm, without being overbearing in the slightest. For dinner it was dimly lit and offered a warm comforting vibe. Service was flawless, although I have to say we made it pretty easy since we all knew we wanted steak and frites. 

You will definitely get the bang for your buck here. Upscale experience but at way more reasonable prices than many other restaurants in Las Vegas. Use your $$$ for going out later that night or hitting up the tables. :)

DATE TIP: Oui oui!Really awesome food and experience.  Had coffee and eggs Benedict for brunch. Coffee was excellent and unlimited refills.  Eggs Benedict were solid, but nothing too exceptional.  Had bites of Cobb salad, which was really good, and the steak and frites are a big winner.  Extensive Bloody Mary bar if you're into it.  Wait staff was friendly and efficient. It's right in the strip, but the food was reasonably priced for the location and quality of the meal.  Will go back and recommend for sureHad a lovely breakfast outside overlooking the strip. Made a reservation but did not use it because the reservation is only for inside and the outside wait was only five minutes on a Tuesday morning. Ordered the eggs Benedict Florentine which was pretty good. Restaurant is a little pricey but not that bad considering the view. The servers are very experienced and know how to treat a customer.I really liked this place. They are quite affordable for lunch and have great sandwiches. I had the lobster roll which was really authentic like Boston. I also tried the steak sandwich which was excellent. The meat was so juicy and flavorful and went very well with the creamy horseradish and au jus. I highly recommend this placeMe encanto el servicio desde la entrada hasta el final.  La mesera cristina excelente servicio,  nos ayudo mucho con la comida y sus recomendaciones para seleccionar ,  regresare pronto es un hecho.  La vista increible.Mon Ami Gabi bar is located in the Paris hotel and casino on the Vegas strip.  We have been coming here for years to enjoy the ringside view of all the doings and people on the strip.  The bartenders here are fabulous.  We had not been to Gabi's bar in a couple of years, yet on our most recent visit, one of the bartenders remembered us, where we were from and even our favorite drinks.  He should get an act like David Copperfield!  Anyway, it's always great to be treated like a regular, especially in Vegas.

This time around, we decided to have dinner and asked for a table.  I accidentally spilled what was left of my drink (about a third) as we were being seated.  Our server promptly brought me another one at no charge.  We both ordered the filet mignon and were not disappointed.  Both were cooked perfectly tender, with a delicious red wine reduction on top, although the steaks really didn't need any embellishment.  They could easily have stood on their own.  Some crispy potato strings were served up alongside and we also ordered some sauteed mushrooms.  Both service and food were excellent.  Mrs. Mongo and I will definitely be back on our next trip to Vegas.Excellent Homegrown French Bistro

My wife and I agree that Mon Ami Gabi is our favorite Las Vegas restaurant.  We enjoy the French onion soup and the view of the Bellagio fountains from the patio. 

I recently made a solo trip to Las Vagas, and after taking advantage of the latest Stratophere thrill of jumping off of the top attached to a cable, I headed straight to Mon Am Gabi for a great dinner. I sat at the intimate bar just inside the entrance. The bartender was delightful and entertaining. It was as if we bar patrons were having our own party.  

I ordered the petite salad maison and the steak classique and an irresistable second martini. The salad was delightfully fresh, and I savored every bite of the superb cut of meat. Hand-cut frites were a perfect complement. 

Two years ago, my wife attended a cousin's birthday luncheon in Mon Ami Gabi's private dining room. The family had a memorable experience (and it wasn't too expensive).

Although Mon Ami Gabi is a bit pricey, dollar for dollar it's likely to bring you more joy than the slots.

Michael Armstrong
Bexley, OhioA Steak so SOFT and TENDER that it can be mistaken for Wagyu?!?!?

I'm a total Carniwhore and love my red meat! Ever since trying the Australian Wagyu at CUT (Palazzo) last year, NO steak has ever compared until recently. I'm in NO way comparing a USDA Steak to Wagyu b/c wagyu is on a whole other caliber w/ its intense richness from the marbling. However, for the price and quality, Mon Ami Gabi served THE BEST FILET MIGNON I've ever had in my life!

On Friday, 2/18/11, my friends and I came to MAG for dinner (this was my 2nd visit). Our party of 7 had reservations for 8 PM. We wanted to sit at the outdoor patio but there's a 40 min wait b/c it's a "First Come, First Serve" for patio seating (even w/ reservations). We waited for about 25 mins before being seated at the patio. 

F O O D
*CHICKEN LIVER MOUSSE w/ Burgundy Red Wine Mustard ($9.95): OMG, one of the best, if not THE BEST pate I've ever had!

The pate was so smooth that it spread like a fine triple cream butter on the warm country toast. As you bit into the bread, you get a toasty crispness followed by the rich velvety savoryness from the pate. The sweet and tangy red wine mustard nicely balanced out the richness of the pate and brought together the entire app.

*WARM BRIE CHEESE w/ Black Pepper Honey & Hazelnuts ($10.95): MOUTH-WATERING!

One cut into the rind and the warm brie OOZED out like lava. Slather the melted brie on the accompanying toasted croutons w/ a little black pepper honey and bits of hazelnut and you get the perfect texture contrast of crisp and soft and flavor combos of creamy, buttery, savory, earthy, nutty w/ a mild pungency, tang, and spice. It was definitely a tantalizing experience for your taste buds. 

*FILET MIGNON ROQUEFORT - Special Request ($31.95): THE BEST FILET I'VE EVER HAD!

I requested the 8 oz filet cooked medium rare. As I started to cut my filet, I noticed it took minimal effort as the steak cut like butter which is always a good indicator of a good steak. It was perfectly seared to a medium rare w/ a warm pink center. I took the first bite w/o the bleu cheese sauce and the steak was perfectly seasoned; just enough to bring out the natural beefy flavor of the filet. A gentle slather of the bleu cheese sauce added a creamy pungency that gave the steak a "bite" to it while the arugula gave a pop of bitterness to help round out the richness. With each chew, the juice oozed out from the fibers and the filet was so soft and tender that it literally melted like butter in my mouth (similar to a fine wagyu minus the richness).

The accompanying frites were like lightly salted sliced chips and were addicting to say the least. I ate it w/ the filet to give it a crispy texture contrast and we each saved some for some drunken morning eats. The frites did hold up its crispy texture until the next morning.

*GARLIC SPINACH ($6.95): GOOD!

The spinach was perfectly cook which was indicated by its vibrant green color. It was soft w/ a slight bite to it and very garlicky. The slight bitterness was the perfect accompaniment to our rich meal.

V A L U E
For a French Steakhouse on the Vegas Strip, MAG is very affordable.   
We ordered 4 apps to share (we also ordered the mussels and crab cakes which I didn't try) and each person had their own entrée and our bill was ONLY $40/person including tax and tip! That's even cheaper than my dinner last night at a Chinese restaurant in SF's Chinatown!

S E R V I C E
Friendly, but lacks organization and efficiency.

When it started raining, patrons sitting outside started running in. We asked our waiter if we could sit inside.  He said in a condescending tone, "You'll have to ask the Manager." Seriously, WTF?!?! If it was in the forecast that it was going to rain, WHY would you let patrons dine outside w/o any back up plan in the first place? One of my friends talked to the manager and he did find us a table in 5 mins which was a redeeming factor.

Our second waiter was friendly and attentive, although it took over 15 mins to get the bread. Despite this, our apps did come out several mins upon receiving the bread and our entrees 5 mins upon finishing our apps. She also checked on us several times to make sure we were doing ok.

A M B I A N C E / D É C O R
MAG is a very spacious and charming French Bistro. It's has a classy feel w/o being pretentious. The large indoor dining area has multiple rooms and the outdoor patio sets the stage for the perfect scenic brunch or dinner as you get views of the Bellagio Fountain Water Show across the street and the glitzy night lights of the Vegas Strip.

When it comes to Vegas, I'm all about "Go Big OR Go Home", however w/ MAG, there is NO need to. MAG serves delectable classic French at a fraction of the cost of upscale restaurants on the Strip w/o sacrificing quality and ambiance. 

Come to MAG and use the $$$ you save here for gambling, shopping or in my case, GOOSE which is NO surprise to those that know me...Made reservations for dinner here on a weekday.  They had no problem seating us early and we were able to get a table outside.  Even when it's cold out, this is the best place to eat as you get a really great view of the Bellagio fountains during your meal.  The inside has a nice ambiance as well, but get a table outside if you can.  

Our waiter was incredibly attentive throughout the meal, refilling water, asking if we wanted more bread (the bread was delicious, btw), etc.  She even anticipated that we wanted separate checks and was more than happy to arrange it, which sadly most restaurants get very bitchy about.

We all got a steak entree with frites.  Don't order any side dishes - they give you a MOUNTAIN of frites!  I could barely finish half of them.  My steak was quite large as well.  I had the steak bordelaise, which had a yummy caramelized onion and wine sauce with it.  My friends had the filet mignon and the steak bearnaise, which were both very good.  Perhaps it wasn't the best steak I've ever had, but still excellent.  And with the addition of the ambiance and the service, I have to give this place 5 stars.

To clarify, this is a $$ restaurant if you order a non-steak entree (they have burgers, sandwiches, chicken, fish etc.) or a steak frite entree (the thin cuts of steak) without drinks, appetizers or dessert.  If you order one of the more select steak cuts or start adding sides to your meal, this is more of a $$$ restaurant.I come to Vegas a few times a year and this is my go to.  I always bring my friends here.  You get quality food and great service.What a lovely brunch! The view from the restaurant is beautiful and overlooks las vegas blvd. I ordered the salmon benedict and it was delicious. it was light and not over dressed with hollandaise. Everything I expected the dish to be with a great side of hash. Our table also shared an order of the best dish according to the waiter: the french toast. And it was! We had it with blueberries and it was delicious. It was light and fluffy, but too much would make you go into to sugar overload. But def try their french toast. Its the best french toast I've ever had!

Will go again when I return. mmm cant stop thinking about the french toast! This is definitely better than the buffet brunch at the Wynn.Wonderful food, great for people watching, brunch, awesome service. I love the Grilled Salmon & Spinach salad, smoked salmon hors d'oeuvres, Trout Amandine, and Warm Chicken & Brie Sandwich.  If you're driving, park Valet.  The entrance is right in front of the restaurant.Our table all ordered a salad and steak.  All meals were made perfectly.  Reviews by others that enjoyed this restaurant are emulated.Can I be lame and say I went to Paris for brunch? I don't have to specify which Paris I'm referring to ;). My girls and I were mad craving for breakfast food after a night of shenanigans we'd very much like to drown in some strong coffee and greasy eggs. It was between Mon Ami Gabi or Hash House A Go Go but we were still feeling pretty fancy so we chose Mon Ami instead.  Prices are average for French brunch, anywhere between $8-$15 for an entree. I ordered the eggs benedict, one friend ordered the soup of the day, and the other two ordered blueberry french toast. It's well known the French love their food in modest portions so we went in very such expectations. Color us surprised when our plates came out and the portions were NOT so modest. I'm fairly certain a French person would've scoffed at the sight but wow, for $14 I got 2 eggs benedicts and a huge hash brown (I was very delighted since I had been craving for hash browns all night). $11 gets you 3 huge pieces of blueberry french toast with house whipped cream. And I forget how much the soup du jour was, guessing between $7-$9. Everything came out very fast, which pleased us greatly since we were STARVING. Food was excellent. The blueberry french toast was absolutely delicious, no need for syrup whatsoever. Probably the best french toast I've ever had. Needless to say, we couldn't finish the food completely. I don't think any of us anticipated how much we would be getting. Regardless, it was a lovely experience overall. I'm sure they make their Parisian forefathers very proud. 

P.S. Cannot begin to boast about the GORGEOUS view of the Bellagio water fountains. Brunch AND a show!prime rib steak sandwich with horseradish an au jus dip. the sweet bun (brioche?) made for an interesting  treat for the tastebuds, and hangover. and damn, do they make some delicious fresh cut fries. i devoured every last crunchy bit.I came here for the view of the Bellagio and to try their breakfast meal.  I had heard about this place and I figured I'd give them a try.

We were seated in the outdoor patio.  It was awesome.  (what was funny was that I saw a guy wearing a full Spider-Man suit walking along the Bellagio fountains.  I know, it's LV..., but just that sight while having breakfast made it worthwhile).  It's a good way to start the morning.

Okay okay.... so what about the food?  I ordered their corned beef hash with poached eggs.  The presentation was really well done.  The eggs were cooked well and the beef hash was just right (not too soft, but not overcooked either).  We also had the smoked salmon platter and the salmon was rich in (obviously) smoky flavor.

Though I'm not a huge fan of eating on the strip, this is one of the restaurants that has convinced me that there are still gems to be found!Great atmosphere sitting outdoors , you can eat great food and watch the water show at Bellagio. Our waiter Francois was wonderful!! Reasonable price for excellent food. It's become my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.I had the Pulled Pork Brisket Bahn Mi and my wife had the Cobb Salad minus the turkey and bacon.  The portions are on the smaller side for the salad, at $18.95 I would think the portion would be bigger or they discount it because the protein wasn't used as ingredients.  Everything was really tasty and the the complimentary baguette was a nice touch.  Expect to spend $50+ for a couple's lunch if you order cocktails.  The view of all the action on the strip and tasty food wield a solid 4 Star rating.Have been here many times and this place never disappoints.  Servers were great and had excellent lunch overlooking stripThe sun is getting too intense. Make sure you ask for a seat in the shade or at least an umbrella. Try the Frangria!This was a gorgeous restaurant in the Paris casino. It had a wonderful patio that was great for people watching and the food was second to none. The service was excellent as well. My wife and I both ordered steak frites prepared slightly differently. I had the au poivre. I thought this was better than the straight up steak. A little too much garlic on that one for my liking. Nice beer and wine selection. Really enjoyed the experience.Decided to come here for a late lunch. There was no wait and we were seated right away by the window with a view of Bellagio fountain. 

The server was super friendly and attentive throughout the whole meal and he gave great suggestions!

Escargot - delicious and creamy. It came out piping hot. It's so good to dip the bread into the oil after.
Steamed Mussels - It was a good size to share for the table. The sauce was amazing. The mussels were also fresh and cooked well. 
Chicken Liver Mousse Pate - My favorite dish! The pate was huge and super creamy. The flavor was amazing. It's a great plate for sharing or a meal of its own.
Salmon Tartare - a mixture of salmon bits, and avocado. Light and refreshing. 

I definitely ate more bread than I should but it was SO GOOD. This is a great restaurant with dishes that aren't overpriced for a pricey view.

Will be back again!Great dinner and service. Our waiter Erik was helpful with wine and specials. I had the tomahawk pork chop and the oysters Rockefeller. My wife had the Dover sole. It was all perfect.My most recent visit to Mon Ami Gabi had a little bit of a disappointment which was really my fault for coming in at the wrong time.  Currently, their Sunday dinner special is Beef Wellington which I've been really looking forward to try.  The only Beef Wellington I've had is the one over at Gordon Ramsay Steak, so I was looking to try one from another restaurant to compare.  Well, I finally came in on a Sunday night for a late dinner and by the time I got seated, my waiter told me that they had just ran out of Beef Wellington.  Nooooooooo!!!

Well, as an alternative, my waiter suggested ordering their Filet Mignon Merlot.  It's actually been a few years since I last ordered steak at MAG, so he enlightened me.  Plus, because it's a different cut of beef than the Hangar and Ribeye I've had before, it still continues my streak of ordering something new on their menu.  And to add to that, I ordered their Wild Escargot de Bourgogne appetizer.  I've never had escargot served this way so I was really intrigued.

Wild Escargots de Bourgogne -- http://bit.ly/1BtOrXP
Oven roasted snails, garlic-herb butter
Oh man.  Butter and garlic galore!!  The snails were chewy just like I expected and they were drowned in so much butter and garlic that I couldn't really tell if they were actually snails.  They could've been mushrooms and I probably wouldn't know the difference.  They were was good though.  And with the complimentary baguette, it was the perfect bread to dunk into the garlic-herb butter wells.

Filet Mignon Merlot -- http://bit.ly/1QHYGP5
Butter, red wine reduction
I understand that Mon Ami Gabi is more of a budget friendly steakhouse that's part of  the middle tier of steakhouses on the strip, but I have to say that this Filet Mignon was awesome!  Cooked to a perfect medium rare and it literally cut like butter! (http://bit.ly/1N0fjPX)  And the Red Wine Reduction sauce just added a more robust flavor to the Filet.  I'm so glad that I ordered this!  Kudos to my waiter for the recommendation!

Mon Ami Gabi delivers once again even when there's disappointment with an item being sold out.  I love how there's plenty of 'Plan B' entrees and based on my past visits, I really couldn't have gone wrong with any of them, but I'm glad that I got to try their Filet Mignon Merlot.  That's something that I wouldn't mind ordering again if I ever go back for to Mon Ami Gabi for steak.  Hopefully next time I'll make better judgement with coming in for an earlier dinner so I can finally try their Beef Wellington.  Til next time Mon Ami Gabi....Patio for Sunday brunch, if you don't mind ignoring the traffic, very reasonable prices, the food was fine (it's not Joel Robuchon so don't get yer hopes up), the service was fine, the setting was outstanding.This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. It's usually downstairs from my room in my favorite hotel. Get outside seating if you can, otherwise it really is like being in France with all the cigarette smoke.I have been here twice and both experiences have been fantastic. 

What I loved about this place:

The location is wonderful. 

The food is delicious. 

The service is fantastic. 

The prices are reasonable. 

If you are in Vegas and want to have some wonderful breakfast/lunch or dinner across the famous bellagio fountains, this is definitely the place to be.This is a favorite spot for office lunch celebrations.  We always ask for outdoor seating because you can't beat the view of the Bellagio fountains or the people watching.  I ordered the lobster roll at the suggestion of our waitress.  The toasted brioche roll was delicious.  As a group we also ordered the country pate and the liver pate.  Not something I would generally order but of the two I enjoyed the spiciness of the country pate.  For desert I recommend the warm chocolate tart.  There were five of us and it was about $30 a piece.  Not bad for a patio lunch in the middle of the week.  Service as always was A+.This place is great! Walked by it on the strip and decided to try it out... And it was a great choice! Food was good but Billy the server made it amazing! If you come here just ask to sit in Billy's section!!!!!! It's dinner and a show! DO IT!Worth the wait! This place is gloriously decorated and the staff is wonderful. I wish the patio was available for reservations. Each and every plate was beautifully executed and delicious. This place lives up to its reputation.A perfect breakfast spot on the Strip.  Recently returned and was thrilled even more, so hence the 5 stars!  Actually took advantage of their under $10 make-your-own bloody Mary bar.  Olives, pickled veggies and even beef sticks!!  What a perfect idea!  I love my friend Gabi!Food was good, service was good, the only thing that pissed me off was that apparently they have their own definition of the word reservation so I still had to wait in line and then wait another 20 mins to get there. My fillet mignon was very good and bread pudding for dessert was totally amazing!  Server was very nice and attentive!If you ever get a chance to eat here, I suggest you try the croissants. Everything was super delicious! Even my mother, who is very picky towards non-Vietnamese food, wiped her plate clean. Everything was a pretty nice portion, the price is decent although if you let your stomach rule, the bill might end up quite high since everything is drool worthy just from the description (this is from experience, guys).Had breakfast here one morning. Simply wonderful!! Great atmosphere and great food!! Highly recommend!!This was one of the best meals I have ever had, hands down. And now I will be returning every time I go to Vegas!
I made reservations for a birthday dinner by the front windows. When we arrived for our reservation, the hostess said we would have to wait 15-20 minutes for the window. SO worth the wait. We played on the slot machines right in front until the buzzer went off only 2 minutes later. 
Our hostess was so friendly and we got a full conversation in by the time we were seated. That never happens! She was also able to give us a gluten free menu for one of the members of the group. We were promptly given warm french bread in a cute baguette holder and the server gave the friend gluten free bread without even asking! That is a perfect way to get customers to return! 

For an appetizer we got the baked goat cheese with tomato sauce and garlic bread. We should have ordered these individually because it was heaven on a plate. Everything about this dish had me wanting more.
For steak frites (what else would you order), I got the Bordelaise with wine sauce and onions cooked medium-rare. This was a large, tender piece of meat with a pile of fries and plenty of caramelized onions. They really get their portions right! My friends got the Bernaise steak frites and that sauce was pretty spectacular as well. 
For dessert, we got the profiteroles and I am convinced they imported them straight from France. Again, amazing. I highly recommend! Only weird thing about the meal was that they did nothing for the friends birthday, so I am assuming there was a lack of communication between the hostess and the server.

Total was around $60 a person for steak, appetizer, dessert, and split bottle of wine. For Vegas, and how great this meal was, that was a fantastic deal.
Oh and while this is all going on, the Bellagio fountains are going off every 15 minutes right in front of us.We ate here for our re-wedding dinner on 10/8/15 and we were seated on the patio near a  young couple who had also gotten married that day,  My husband and I ordered the escargot de Bourgogne hors d'oeuvre - delicious plump  oven-roasted snails in garlic-herb butter. We had the onion soup gratin and the seafood platter for two - cracked whole Maine lobster, jumbo shrimp, those wonderful Fanny Bay oysters (smaller here) and salmon tartare. It comes with mignonette, cocktail sauce  and sauce gribiche.  At the end of the meal, they brought us and the table next to us an order of profiteroles. I was stuffed but my husband said it was yummy. It was fun sitting on the patio watching the incomparable view of the water show at Caesars' Palace! This is a very busy, very loud restaurant which sometimes made conversation difficult.  I am in a wheelchair and they had no problem accommodating me. I expect French service from a French restaurant even if it is a bistro and Mon Ami Gabi did not disappoint. Everyone was on their toes and the course progression was perfect. We will be eating here the next time we are in Las Vegas!Both of us ordered three courses and were very satisfied with the first two courses. The food arrived fast and came out hot. The desserts were the only disappointing part of the evening. They tasted reheated and not made to order. Overall, a solid place that doesn't break the bank.

The restaurant is busy and definitely feels like a large restaurant.  The staff does their best to give you individualized attention but the fact is, they want to turn the tables fast.  Don't go excepting a relaxing evening...but then again, a relaxing evening is probably impossible in Vegas.First Time visit-We had a reservation for Mon Ami Gabi on Christmas eve at Paris hotel and casino. The restaurant is very easy to find within Paris and in the front of the casino. We were late for our reservation and they were pretty much dead and seated us right away. We sat on the patio since they had spots available. For anyone that was out there that week knows it was cold and we still sat out on the patio. They had a lot of heaters that made it a very pleasant experience still to be outside. First off the view from the patio is great and for me is the reason you come here you have a great but not uninstructed view of the Bellagio fountains and great to people watch. Very good date place to impress your special someone. Second, the waiter and everyone working at Mon Ami Gabi was great. The waiter noticed my Atlanta Falcons hat that I had taken off and put on the chair and started talking that he was from Atlanta and that he had family in Kennesaw, GA. Impressed that he noticed this and struck up a conversation that was personal to the people at his table. They had a great selection of food and prices were not bad compared to other locations I've been to and seen in Las Vegas. I'm by no means an expert on french food and this was the first time I've tried it. My family makes quiche a lot and I hate it. But, figured I would try it here and I have to say I loved it. So much I've got all the ingredients to try and make at home. Food was great for myself and my friend. We ordered the Chicken & Gruyere Crepe, Classic quiche Lorraine, and a diet Pepsi and the total without tip was 30.06. Not too bad in Vegas standards. I did not try any wine but they had a great wine selection from what I looked at. I really liked this place and will keep this on my list to go back as I continue to plan on going to Vegas every year. This place gets Big thumbs up from me. The atmosphere inside and out of the restaurant was great, food was great, and service was awesome. A great Christmas eve lunch I'll never forget. I suggest it to anyone thinking about this place.
__________________Used to be lots of "French" restaurants out there, but now I realize how few remain after checking Mon Ami Gabi's menu with many authentic French offerings.   I'm not sure if the servers were truly French or just affecting an accent, but it works.  We had reservations and were seated promptly -- none of this sit at the bar while we find you a place.  I wasn't thrilled with the first table shown (near the bar and very noisy), so we were shown a much more peaceful table.    I had the baramundi special with a side of ratatouille which was excellent.  I'd wanted the pork tenderloin which was on the menu but they were out of it.  Already.  At 7 PM in Las Vegas.  Someone screwed up there.  But the fish was a worthy substitute.  Served with fingerling potatoes on a bed of deliciously flavored frisee.  My husband had the butternut squash with apple bisque.  It was fine.  Almost as good as an identical one I make at home.  He had a filet with merlot sauce.  Ordered medium rare, as it was served, yet, surprisingly dry.  And roasted beets which were very tasty.  Server was attentive but not hovering -- all I ask in a restaurant server.  Spouse had tarte tatin for dessert, I had chocolate mousse.During our 4 days in Vegas, we ate three times  here, and we could have perfectly eaten a 4th time if we hadn't been short on time.  We tried both the breakfast and lunch menus. Our omelettes were superb and a very good serving. I thought it might be those frenchy restaurants where food looks pretty but they hardly serve you food; well, nooooo, food looks, pretty, tastes amazing and it's worth the price. 

In our  visit for lunch, we had steak frites and scargots..., yummy!!! My husband loved the Bloody Maries! 

We visited in late July and even though it was packed, we didn't wait for tables at the terrace, view to the Bellagio. Our servers were really nice! 

We will definitely be back!If you've been to Paris... this is a poor substitute.   If you haven't been to Paris, I think you'll love the meal and their bread and skinny fries, etc etc.   Everything on the menu is great and I think people will find the french versions of food to be interesting.   Wait is a bit long but the feeling along with the views of the fountain (if you can get it) is awesome.   Worth a visit.$20-30 great entrees, French food and delish buttery steaks overlooking the Bellagio Fountains and the Paris themed hotel and people watching, you can't beat that on the Strip. Make sure you make a reservations.

All the steaks with pomme frites (fries) and onions (french style) and beurre blanc / wine sauces are great. Love them. Make sure you get something French style, they cook those the best.

Service is excellent as well.I've probably been to a better place. But I can't remember when.  Absolute best quality value and location in VegasI did my wedding dinner here. All the food and appetizers were phenomenal! The goat cheese sticks and ahi sliders were the bomb.com! I got tons of compliments on the food. The service was also exceptional! Kristina and her crew took care of a party of 60 without a problem! She also let us know when we were at our minimum so we didn't have to overspend and made a vegetarian dish that wasn't on our set menu for a vegan friend! 

Drew, the coordinator, made the booking process smooth and seamless, which was essential since we were coming in from out of town! 

Loved this place!!! :)This place offers a great value. You get very good steaks that are reasonably priced and very tasty.  Tried the one with Merlot sauce and the peppercorn sauce. Service is great, they are fast friendly and very attentive.   Kids menu is an awesome value and great tasting. The ambiance is one of a kind, especially the patio seating with great views of Bellagio water show and the strip.   This place is a solid 4 perhaps even a 5.My fave restaurant in Vegas to date. Lovely atmosphere, good prices and excellent food. Service was good too, although a little slow as the restaurant was very busy. My husband ordered the steak with peppercorn sauce which he enjoyed. I had the chicken which was delicious but the portion was far too big for one person. The baked Brie for appetizers was delicious too. If you need to wait for your table, I recommend a drink at the bar. The bartender #68 is awesome. He makes the best mojitos and is a very friendly and funny guy. Also make reservations in order to get a table in the patio, well worth it. Will go back there for sure!If you're looking for something fancy, but not completely out of the price range --this is it! This was my second time here on a girls' trip in Vegas and it's slowly becoming a go-to spot. I'd pick this place over a buffet as I'm not a fan of stuffing myself until I can't breathe.

So I made reservations for 6:30pm for four. All of us ordered the most popular item of steak and frites on our last visit, but decided to change it up as soon as our waiter told us about the special. On a Saturday evening, they had the Grilled Bison Ribeye ($40). It only comes in medium rare as it would be too tough if it was cooked anymore. Before our entrees came, we ordered a large carafe of the Frangria ($30), which filled up about five full glasses. It was tasty and you could forget you're even drinking alcohol. On the other hand, the fruits soaked in the sangria was quite bitter and strong. Complimentary bread and butter was also served, which was warm and soft. We even had another helping of bread until our main course arrived. The presentation itself was already quite the perfect on the ribeye. Everything was incredibly flavorful as I hardly had to add anymore seasoning to my dish. Even the string beans, sprouts and sauteed onions had such a kick of saltiness marinated inside. I have to say that their sauteed onions were to completely die for! It was such an incredible combination of the steak and onions with every bite. This is the type of splurge everyone needs every once in awhile --for a juicy, tender slab of meat!

Since we were celebrating my best friend and my birthday, we were even brought out a special birthday dessert. It was an ice cream cream puff drizzled with chocolate sauce. This was such a sweet touch to have them bring one out for each of us and sang us happy birthday --how lovely!Good restaurant. Party of 2 went just before brunch ended on Friday morning. We had about a 15 minute wait. Perfect day to sit on the patio facing the Bellagio. French toast was good and so was the croissant. The portions aren't too big so a little pricey for the amount of food you get.Patio seating, frangia (their French sangria), and fresh bread while people watching during lunch time was great at this place. For our entrees we got the salmon and the Cubano sandwich, both so good. Service was on point and the food came out in a timely manner.Nothing short of amazing.  

We made reservations for Mon Ami Gabi for our bachelorette party of 11 this weekend.  Unfortunately, we were running late so had to change our reservation from 6 to 6:45.  When we arrived, the line was quite long, so it took about 10 minutes to get to the hostess desk.  As soon as we got to the front, however, they took us right back to our table.  The dining room is a bit crowded, but beautiful.  The ambiance is still romantic.

As we perused the menu, our waitress (Shana) noticed that we were a little rushed.  Our limo was scheduled to pick us up for the next event at 8PM (it was 7:15 by this time).  She took our orders and said she would have the kitchen rush so that we could be out in time.  We were absolutely amazed when we got our food a few minutes later.  There was quite a bit of diversity in the orders - steak, chicken, pasta, etc. and everything was cooked perfectly still.  Every girl raved about their dish, and the quality.  Special thank you to the kitchen staff.  Shana and her assistants kept our drinks full and went above and beyond to make sure that we had a wonderful experience, even though rushed.  She was able to split our checks 9 ways and we made it in time to meet our driver outside at 8PM.  

The french bread was served in a cute paper bag, with butter, and this flavorful carrot garnish.  I opted for the chicken grand-mere which came with pommes puree.  Again, cooked perfectly with the perfect complement of flavors and spices.  Usually, a French restaurant is not my first choice when dining in Vegas, but I'm sure I will be back to sit and enjoy the complete meal and experience.Best breakfast we had in Vegas. Waitress was great suggested a few items and we loved it all. Crepes, pancakes, best bacon. Started with a build your own Bloody Mary. We waited a few extra minutes to sit outside. Worth it. People watching at its best. We were not rushed even though the line was out the door. Will absolutely make this a stop on each visit.It was a very good here.  Location is second to none.  Sitting on the strip and eating is great.  Food was pretty good.  I would come back here again.  It was also cool to watch the Bellagio Fountains while eating dinner.One of my favorite lunch/brunch places when coming to Las Vegas.

I ALWAYS order the Filet Mignon! It's so delicious and definitely affordable here. Literally heaven in my mouth. The filet mignon is always so flavorful, and always comes out in a very large peice too. Normally when I go to steak houses the filet mignon is extremely tiny. Service is absolutely fantastic, I also reccomend sitting in the patio.

Definitely one of my favorite stops in Las Vegas, definitely returning during my next trip.My first time in Las Vegas. I wanted to find a romantic place that was different, classy and fun. I found it in Mon Ami Gabi. My girlfriend and I took the slow gastro route and slowly ate and imbibed for over 2 1/2 hours. We never felt rushed and our waitress was awesome. Attentive but not intrusive. She would periodically come and check on us, top off our wine and disappear. Wonderful service. 

Upon seating we were topped off with water and brought a hot loaf of bread with butter and a dip that looked like carrot that was tasty and welcomed as we checked out the menu. 

We had escargot, and tuna tartar as appetizers. And shared the Hanger steak as an entree which was cooked to medium rare perfection. I would highly recommend this place to anyone but I would advise reservations and outdoor patio seating as the inside did not look so appealing due to the space, noise, although it was nice and dark which I like. Another added benefit to seating outside is you get to people watch (which is very entertaining on the Las Vegas strip) and you get to watch the bellagio water show.5pm reservation, but immediate sitting out on patio. Saturday eve, busy as hell on the strip and additional sitting on the patio resulted crowded feeling. Thumbs up to servers maneuvering between the tight space. Nice place to people watch, but not exactly romantic until sun goes down and Bellagio fountain light up, people start to migrate into clubs and casino. Food is divine, service attentive, price affordable, comfortable atmosphere.. First time I tried stingray, fantastic. Deliciously seasoned salmon. Luv their cappuccino. If this place was off of strip, I would come here every month.Book a reservation. You're not guaranteed a view of the Bellagio fountains, but I'm sure it helps. Service was amazing and the food was even better. They get upset if you bring outside drinks. Silly restaurant, you're in Vegas.Mon Ami Gabi has been a must-stop breakfast spot for us the past couple years.  I get some variant of Eggs Benedict every time as their hollandaise is excellent. The French toast and other pastries are to die for. Great way to start the day off before you run the strip. I would recommend trying to be seated on the outdoor patio or covered sun room for the best experience.We have done dinner and breakfast here.  Both were amazing, rich French deliciousness.  We initially thought that Mon Ami Gabi would be a touristy sub-par trap, but happy that were we wrong.  We sat inside both times, if you want the patio get here early because it is first come, first served.  The ambience is very chic and cozy.  Good staple French foods.  Breakfast is technically over at 11, but our waiter was awesome and gave us the menu (which is far more extensive than the brunch menu) at 1130.  Great eggs Benedict with lamb special, omelets are light and fluffy but very flavorful.  Highly recommend the ham and Gruyere omelet.  The chocolate mousse was perfection.  Definitely going to strive for "regular" status here!We had a fabulous dinner here. We made reservations and very glad we did because the wait was for 1.5 hours on Saturday evening around 6:30am. We started with the smoke salmon with creme fraiche and it was very tasty and fresh. We then ordered the French Onion Soup that was a nice size for two people to share. I also ordered the chilled gazpacho which was prepared perfectly and was also a large portion. My husband ordered the steak and I ordered the grilled chicken. Come hungry here because the portions are definitely Americanized and not the typical french size portions as I was expecting. My chicken was cooked nicely and not dry at all.
We saw another guest eating the baked goat cheese in a marinara sauce which looked like a good dish to try as well.
our table was right next to the patio and we got to view the Belaggio's show throughout the dinner.
We will definitely be going back. I really felt like I was in a large french restaurant and the ambiance was set just perfect to enjoy a great meal, with pricing just right for the setting.Very tasty - I ordered the rag pasta.  It was light, had correctly cooked vegetables and the pasta itself was fragrant and flavorful.  I highly recommend, especially since you can sit and watch the Bellagio fountains!We found Mon Ami Gabi on Yelp and this was one of those meals that lived up to all the good reviews.  We grabbed a cab to get there, but i guess parking could be a challenge since it's in the middle of the strip.   We were there Sunday to celebrate a birthday and the hostess seated us on the patio.  It was a chilly 40°, but there were plenty of heaters to keep us warm.  We had a great view, we could see the dancing fountains of the Bellagio hotel from our table.  

We were seated at 9 p.m., and it was busy for a Sunday night but not crowded.  Our waitress, Assaouir, recommended the soup of the day for an appetizer.  Try the parsnip and pear soup if they have it.  The combination sounds weird, but it was absolutely delicious.  Our entrées were exeptional.  The filet merlot with frittes was tender and flavorful.  The trout was paired with a lemon sauce that was very rich but tasty.  They even brought us a birthday treat after dinner, which was a nice touch.  Overall the ambience and the great meal was worth 5 stars.Great value on the strip and good quality food.Lucky enough to get there before the big Sunday brunch crunch, so we had a great view of the fountains. Unfortunately they weren't on, but the people watching was a good substitute. The food and service were both great. We had the ham crepe, the salmon benedict and the fresh OJ. The day was beautiful. Can't think of a better way to spend a lazy Sunday morning.My husband and I visited Mon Ami Gabi in Vegas for the first time 2 Saturdays ago. It was during my 1 night/1 day surprise birthday trip, so we stopped in after seeing a comedy show that evening in hopes we'd have a splendid meal. 

Being that it was somewhat late, we were a bit limited as far as restaurant choices went. Normally we hit up buffets, but past 10 p.m. many are closed. So off to this restaurant we went.

We LOVED it! 

We were seated right away, which was nice. They have outdoor seating and indoor, and we were inside, which I prefer. The ambiance was casual, but respectable. It wasn't hoity toity or uncomfortable, it was more fun and could be classified as 'an experience.' The lights were dim when we arrived, and candles were lit on each table. The place was still bustling when we were seated a little past 10.

We were given a mini sized baguette off the bat, with butter and a pickled carrot salad plate courtesy of the chef. While our waiter was very much American, the few servers who brought food and water to our table appeared to be French, though I can't be positive if they actually were or if that is part of their job. My husband and I didn't understand some of things that were said to us until we gave it a few minutes of thoughtful consideration after the fact.... 

"Ohhhh, he said CARROT salad.. Oh okay. Man, I was so confused for a second. Now the world makes sense again."

We started our meal with onion soup. I am a huge onion soup snob. My husband will eat anything labeled 'onion soup,' (including impostors from the likes of po' folk establishments and fast food joints) whereas I, personally, KNOW the proper production imparts a very specific broth color, and I know the appropriate flavorings required to be regarded as somewhat authentic onion soup. This, my friends, met my standards. The bowl was gigantic, so my husband and I shared it, and it was lovely. Onion-y, cheesy, bread-y...... Sigh.

Onion soup... My Love.

For our main courses (Because we're piggies*), he ordered a steak frittes entree, and I ordered a hanger steak frittes entree. Both of our meals arrived in a timely fashion, and came with a huge serving of their version of french fries. They appeared to be pieces of potato shaved off and fried. Crispy in some areas, a good chew in others. Well salted. The steaks were good, but I admit I make a better hanger steak at home. 

---If you haven't tried a hanger steak before, also called a butchers cut, go to Whole Foods and get a couple. They are often lower in fat than other steaks, and they are soft and divine and easy to portion out. I make mine with a smoky spicy marinade, and it is amazing. Amazing like I almost cry when I take my first bite. Every time. 

"Oh my gosh, how did I make something so miraculous? Sniff sniff. It's like my hands are a gift from the heavens, and I was created specifically to make hanger steaks."--- 

Of course, of utmost importance in any civilized person's life is dessert. Basically, I plow my way through meals just to get to dessert. Sometimes, I order dessert for dinner when I go to restaurants, because that's how smart I am. Skip the savory, all that chewing ich! Let me eat cake!

We ordered the "La Grande Profiterole." Or something like that. It was a puff-type pastry, filled with a rich vanilla ice cream, that comes with a vat of fudgy warm chocolate sauce. The server who brought the plate to us first poured a bit of the chocolate sauce on top of the dessert before exclaiming something I still haven't deciphered, and after he left, we poured all of the remaining chocolate over the top of the unfamiliar dessert. 

Chocolate sauce is to dessert what Ketchup or Tobasco is to dinner. Am I right??? I think that's on the SATs. You're welcome, high school kids. 

It was amazing! Delicious! Stupendous! Superb! Excellent! Decadent! Rich! Sinful! The pastry was light and clean, the ice cream was smooth and heavy, the sauce had a deep almost alcohol-infused flavor, though that's just my opinion. Great success!

I cannot wait to go back to this restaurant again in a year. I will salivate as I daydream and relive the memories for the next 12 months. I recommend!

PS - Our waiter was lovely. He was so polite and patient and efficient. And quite tall. 

*Despite our copious food intake, neither of us are unhealthy or pushing any limits with our bodies. We ride bikes for miles every week and eat pretty healthily at home. Yet, I still sleep on a pile of sugar. It's just so supportive.Definitely a solid place to eat.  Good food.  Good prices.  Great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas. =)Excellent food with great service yet very affordable, and the place is beautiful.  We went there for dinner and had a great experience so went back for breakfast the next day.  We ordered scallops and trout for dinner along with a salad and wine.  For breakfast, we had smoked salmon eggs benedict and chicken, brie and apple crepe.  All the dishes were excellent.  In terms of the wait, we made a reservation for dinner and got seated right away.  For breakfast, without a reservation they got us a table in the atrium with no wait.  There were people waiting for the patio but we enjoyed sitting in the atrium because we were able to enjoy the view and the outdoor feel in the covered area.  Overall, with this price range, I have nothing but great things to say about this place, and I will definitely come back to try out other dishes.This restaurant is amazing! The hostess were not very welcoming, but our food server Tracy(If I remember her name correctly) was very attentive and gracious at all times of our dinner. I had the Onion soup to start w and that was delicious! And ended with the Hanger Steak which was mouthwatering! Yum! Everyone at the dinner table was very satisfied. Desserts was also enjoyable! I think we had the white chocolate bread? But every dessert choice on the menu looked very tasty!Not much to add to the already numerous multi-star reviews, but I just want to add that I had an excellent breakfast experience here this morning. We have had lunch overlooking the Bellagio fountains several times: food and service has always been excellent and +5 for location. 

This morning I just wanted a quiet breakfast to quell the after effects of enjoying drinks at Rose.Rabbit.Lie last night. I must have looked like I felt, because I was seated in a quiet corner in an otherwise empty room, far from the "Wheel of Fortune" shouting slot machines in the casino, and received excellent, attentive, smiling, unobtrusive service and the best corned beef hash and poached egg hangover helper ever! Turned my day around and made me happy to be alive again.A few days ago, I was in Vegas staying at the Paris hotel and my friend and I decided to try this restaurant as I had heard good things. We went for breakfast and I got a chicken, brie, and apple crepe. The crepe was excellent and we decided we would return for lunch. 

Unfortunately, my lunch wasn't as satisfying. I ordered the chicken and brie sandwich with the escargot appetizer. As for the escargot, I felt there was way too much pesto and I felt as if I was eating grass with my escargot. My sandwich was good but it had a lot of juice that made me feel it was a little soggy. 

I would definitely return for breakfast but I'd skip lunch and opt for somewhere else on the strip.Absolutely amazing! The customer service was outstanding. Our waiter was patient as the six of us picked out food. They were only serving limited brunch when we arrived but I was able to special request smoked salmon eggs benedict (major brownie points). So onto the food...my eggs benedict amazing! One friend had the quiche and it was amazing. It was the perfect consistency. Another friend ordered a savory crepe and completely consumed it, she raved about it for the next 12 hours! My sister had the corn beef hash, which I sampled and was also tasty. Another friend was on a liquid diet and drank mimosas the entire time. My last friend had the French onion soup, which she didn't care for, and the waiter kindly replaced it with the  cocktail shrimp which she enjoyed and didn't charge her for the soup. This place has exceptional customer service and the food to match. I will patronize them every time I visit Vegas.Delicious!! The fillet mignon was tender well seasoned and a perfect medium rare. Worth the price. The servers were very attentive and friendly.This place was most memorable on my recent trip to Vegas. It's a super large restaurant with different sections to accommodate various types of customers and groups. 

Ambiance: The interior of the restaurant is dimly lit for those who want a romantic dining experience. It is also very large inside so reservations and walk-in diners are seated promptly. The exterior of the restaurant where we sat was awesome, right smack in front of the Bellagio. 

Service: Our server was very knowledgeable and kind. He gave us a rundown of the dish of the day and soup of the day. Water glasses were always filled up and food arrived promptly even though the restaurant was packed. Overall the service receives a 5 star.

Food: Like every fine dining restaurant, COMPLIMENTARY BREAD woo! My girlfriend and I shared a 22oz ribeye steak cooked to medium rare which came with french fries that were made differently from your average American style fries. It also came with this sauce that I had no idea was until my friend told me it was butter..... I BASICALLY DRANK THAT SAUCE WITH THE FRIES (No wonder I gained 5 pounds after my trip). The steak was cooked to somewhat rare but it didn't bother me because it was so delicious. However, since they didn't cook it to my liking, -1 star.

I'd come back here if I'm back in Vegas, for sure.Pros:
  Very good food
  Outdoor seating right off the strip
  Friendly service
  Nice decor
  Great location
  Full bar
  Good wine selection
  Valet available
Cons:
  Can get expensiveWhat is more perfect than enjoying a nice lunch and coctails on the patio overlooking the Strip and the Bellagio fountains? The scenery couldn't be better, that's for sure. The drinks were great (everything's better with a little champagne!), although they did take awhile to get out to us. Our lunches were both devoured, a chicken blt and shrimp open face sandwich, both with frittes. They could have only given us one serving of the frittes cause they were HUGE and not really my fave anyways. Our server was overall pretty slow, but the rest of the experience made up for it. Not really that pricy all things considered either.Food was outstanding but the service was a bit lacking. For what you get and the fact that it is on the strip the prices aren't unreasonable for breakfast. The LGO omlette was great!Delicious steaks. The frites were good, too. Went here based on good reviews and only $$ on the strip, which is really hard to find. We were able to make a same day reservation for 8 during a large conference, so that was nice. Good service, our waitress kindly split the bill 8 ways. She's smart, knowing that most people will tip extra just because she did that. Sat inside, so we didn't get a fountain view, but that was okay. Overall everyone was very impressed with the place!Holy amazing. My gf and I went here for dinner and it was fantastic. We had the escargot to start off and it was delicious. Great garlic flavor. The baguette they served was so tasty as well. 

I had the classic steak and frites. Season great and cooked medium rare. My gf had the better choice of the lamb t-bone special. Wow. Just wow. Amazing. They cooked it perfectly and it was wonderful. 

Do yourself a favor and go here. Phenomenal food for reasonable prices.Mon Ami Gabi was repeatedly mentioned and recommended on my last trip to Vegas, so thought we would try it out. It's more of an Americanized French restaurant, but it's located inside Paris, and opens until very late at night, perfect for a Vegas stay!

We went for a very late dinner (because of a very late lunch) before we headed straight to the clubs. Many of us were preparing for an open bar night so we ordered accordingly! 

I tried the bacon salad and the baked scallop appetizer (not to be confused with the seared scallop entree). The salad was huge and would have been sufficient for lunch. The baked scallops only came with three, but with all the cheese, cream and caramelized onions on it, it was plenty. If you are hungry, I recommend going for the chicken grand mere or one of the steaks. They are huge!

I also over indulged on the baguette for the table. Came with butter and some pickled veggies. Overall, great value for money and decent food in Vegas!Everything we ordered here was delicious. The area where you enter looked desolate which almost turned us away, but the patio and "glass room" were fully occupied. Delicious bacon quiche and french onion soup at reasonable prices for the strip.came here for brunch with family and it was pretty good!

we got the usual breakfast plates like sausage, bacon and scrambled eggs so you can't really go wrong with that. i did not like the onion soup and thought the nutella waffles was freakin' delicious! i remember my sister loving the spinach salad she ordered. the service was okay but maybe our guy was just lazy. this place is pretty well known and they were mostly packed the entire time we were there.

the place has a nice vibe and the environment is nice but then again it is vegas, i recommend giving it a try!Never disappointing. Best roast chicken, cooked just right. Love their bread and that special spread served with it. Lovely décor. Service has always been excellent. This is a great place for first dates, family dinners, and special occasions. Reservations are recommended to avoid a long wait. This is my oldest son's favorite restaurant (he's 23, with an exceptional palate).Brunch with the family was out of this world.  Waffles, pancakes, kale salad, onion soup, bacon, everything is delicious.  Waffles are crisp while has a nice body to it. Nor wonder saw a long line as we were departing.I had liver moose with French bread. It was amAzing. The patio dinning area has a nice strip view. Servers are very good.My godparents love this place and everytime we come to Vegas we always come here. Service is impeccable! I would take a few sips of water and someone would magically appear and refill it.

The mussels with the white wine and herbs are AMAZING! the sauce is so good that everyone at my table used sauce for their bread (also really good) instead of the butter

Since we had been eating ALL day I wasn't super hungry. I ordered the french onion soup and a side of green beans. The soup is very tasty but there is way too much bread....I'd like more soup, less bread! I'm a huge fan of green beans and I haven't had green beans I didn't like. What I do like is that they use hericot green beans instead of the thick waxy ones. A bit overcooked but seasoned extremely well.

I had a bite of the hangar steak and it was very good. I also had a bite of the salmon salad...also tasty. I also had some french fries....too thin to be texturally appealing but very tasty all the same. Yes, I had bites of everything from everyone at my table...that's why we're family right!?!?Mon Ami Gabi is one of the few places in Vegas that I felt was good value for the price. I had breakfast here one morning and ordered the Blueberry French Toast, and I must say, it was delicious. Large slices of bread, fresh blueberries, whipped cream and blueberry syrup on top. Yum!What a great place! My boyfriend and I went here for brunch on Saturday. It's a bit of a walk inside the Paris hotel but well worth it. We were seated immediately. My boyfriend ordered the eggs Benedict while I ordered the seafood crepe. Oh my god. Both were soooooo good. The hollandaise was made perfectly and to make it requires a lot of technique and they have it down to a science. I normally don't like runny eggs but his was just delicious. The seafood crepe was filling, light, but creamy. It came with a side frisse salad which helps cut through the creaminess of the crepe. Yum yum yum!! The coffee here was really good as well - we got regular coffee and a mocha and both were just hmm mm good. The waiter was attentive and took good care of us. Everyone was so nice! I love it here. Easily my top 5 breakfast places!Want to empress your date tonight?
Their outdoor seating with the view of the Bellagio fountain will probably do the trick!
The bf and I had Thanksgiving dinner here (pre fixe menu) and to be completely honest I don't even remember what exactly we ate because I was staring across the street the whole time. I do vaguely remember being pleasantly satisfied with their display and taste but that could have all just been a bias due to the magnificent seating. Sorry, can't help you on that. 
But if it's a night with fairly good weather and you know the sun's just about to paint the sky whilst settling beyond the horizon, then MAKE A RESERVATION pronto!
Before 8PM they play the water show every 30 minutes, after 8PM it's every 15 minutes. So choose your time wisely. 
I took off a star because the service was really slow and the servers looked really miserable while serving, yet suddenly energetic when talking to their coworkers about how they couldn't wait to get off work. I have ears, I can hear you! tsk!I went with a vendor and 30 others. Was not expecting much but the ribeye was cooked to perfection (medium rare as requested) and the mash potatoes were to die for.....so creamy. The asparagus was top notch as well.  Over all, did not feel like I ate at French restaurant, but who cares.l as food was great.I don't normally take the time to write reviews. But felt compelled to do so for Mon Ami Gabie. We just got back from five days in Vegas and ate at many of the top-end restaurants. But this was, hands down, the best meal my wife and I had the whole trip. Absolutely delicious, reasonably priced an excellent service. I would highly recommend itGreat place to get a steak. My filet mignon was cooked perfectly. Medium rare. My dad ordered the salmon which was good but no where near as good as the steak. 

Located in the Paris across from the Bellagio fountain so you can see the show while eating.Lovely restaurant. Food was very good. Drinks very good. View of Bellagio fountains...amazing.Incredible restaurant on the strip! Very reasonable prices, outstanding service, an breathtaking views. Bar none, my favorite meal on the Strip.Terrific ambience and skillful waitservice at this bistro café in the Paris hotel. Wonderful breakfast -- our 10-year-old loved the peach parfait, and the grownups dug the crepes. Outdoor seating is a great way to start the day, indoor has a lot of character. This place is classier than the casino that houses it, and 10x better food than its neighbor, the Sugar Factory.We originally didn't plan to come to Mon Ami Gabi for dinner but we were caught in the traffic on the Strip and were really hungry so we decided to get off of the bus and pick a random restaurant (not that random since I've bookmarked this on Yelp already!)

The restaurant was pretty packed and we had the choice between sitting at the patio (outdoor) or sitting on bar stools (indoor). I decided to go with the patio because it was really dark inside and the patio had some heater (so I thought it should be able to keep me warm)

Even with the heaters above our heads, winter in Las Vegas was pretty pretty cold! My boyfriend exchanged seat with me because I was cold and he ended up wearing his down jacket for the entire night. 

Before getting our appetizer and main courses, we were served with a complementary carrot salad (?) and a baguette. There was nothing special about the carrot salad..  In fact, I didn't like it much. Their baguette was pretty good and I like how it was warm when it came.

For appetizer, we ordered their Sea Scallops Gratinées (caramelized fennel and onion marmalade, mussel cream). I was debating between scallops and snails (their escargots de Bourgogne) and ended up picking this because I love scallops! On a side note, their escargots looked delicious! I saw some people eating it when I was on my way out and kind of regret not ordering this instead! The scallops were really fresh and tender (not over-cooked). It was so tender and soft that I thought it was under-cooked! But I think I prefer it to be more cooked and maybe pan-seared too. The cheese on top of the scallops added more texture to this dish.

I opted for their Poisson Du Jour, which was Alaskan cod. And I really liked my dish! The fish's texture kind of reminded me of crab meat. My cod was very chewy and fresh! The mushrooms were good too (very well-seasoned)! Although I don't like beans (and there were a lot of beans in this dish) but eating everything together was yummy! 

My boyfriend opted for their Steak Roquefort (blue cheese sauce) The portion was quite big but the steak wasn't "wow wow"... It wasn't bad but I've definitely had better steak elsewhere. Somehow I feel that for that price, I should get a better quality steak.. My boyfriend was disappointed since he thinks The Keg's blue cheese steak is better! Our waitress did recommend us another steak (Filet Mignon Merlot -butter, red wine reduction $32.95) but we didn't want to spend that much, especially when the Canadian dollar is ridiculously low........!

I was debating between giving Mon Ami Gabi 3 or 4 stars but decided to give them 4 because of the view (Bellagio fountains), the atmosphere and the whole dining experience. Our waitress was really sweet and attentive and the view was perfect for a romantic and pre-birthday dinner! 

We did had an incident that scared me so much. There was a random individual on the street who decided to walk straight towards our table. I left my phone next to me while I was eating. I don't know if it was because he saw it and wanted to steal it.. But my first instinct when he approached too close to us was to grab my phone. He then stared at me while I was staring at him and he took our salt and pepper away.. So, just be extra careful, pay attention to your surroundings, do not leave any valuable items on the table or unattended and keep your stuff close to you, especially in Vegas (lots of weird and drunk people)!The view was wonderful. Dinner in front of the Bellagio water show. The outdoor heaters kept me comfortably warm from the below 40F temperature (I went here during winter). 

The crab cake was delicious. Seafood platter was not as large as I expected, but it was enough to satisfy me. Seafood platter was nothing special, though. Small lobster, small but fresh oysters, a few pieces of shrimp cocktail, raw tuna pieces with avocado.  Pricey, but the ambiance and service was good.This is a great find on the Las Vegas Strip. Excellent food at very good value, compared with overpriced choices nearby. Good service too. 

Highly recommended & I will definitely return when I come back to townSaw great reviews on Yelp, so we thought we'd give it a try for dinner.  We had such a great experience we went back the next day for breakfast and then had dinner later that day as well.  We were seated on the patio in each case with a very short wait (we were early for dinner).  The atmosphere and service was excellent and pricing was very reasonable in each case.

We started our first dinner by sharing the Frisee and Kale salad.  Flavors were outstanding with a poached egg highlight.  I rarely order steak, but my steak bordelaise was excellent (thin cut, but tender) and my wife's hanger steak with merlot butter was tender and very flavorful.  The potato chip/fries on both entrees were salty and crispy.

For breakfast I had the turkey & egg white omelette and my wife had eggs benedict and both were excellent.

We started our second dinner by sharing the duck confit.  It was a generous helping with dark, tender meat accented with balsamic cherries.  This paired with the baguette bread could have been a meal itself.  For my entree, I have the lamb shank (large and again awesome) and my wife had the sea scallops.  The scallops were melt in your mouth and the brussel sprouts were the best she's ever had.

All great experiences. We know where we'll be going again the next time we're in Vegas.We came here for dinner while in Vegas last weekend and were not disappointed. We waited so we could sit outside and see the fountains at the Bellagio. Really the view was gorgeous. The food was also amazing. We had the goat cheese for an app. And then my husband and I each had a steak, both of which were wonderful. I got green beans with my meal which also came with potatoes. It was so good. We also had a bottle of wine that was wonderful. I was very happy in our choice to come!Their food here is to DIE FOR!!! 

Warning...make reservations!!! My bestie, boyfriend, and I spontaneously decided to come here since we wanted to have a nice fine dining. The wait can be almost an hour (we waited for 45 min). BUT!!! If you know how to utilize your time while waiting, it will most certainly be worth it. Since the casino machines are within distance from Mon Ami Gabi, might as well gamble, right? :) 

Once seated, we were promptly served with bread and some cherry tomato and something else toppings. It was really good. 

Afterwards, we all decided to have steak dinner...hey why not? It's Vegas! :D Under the steak frites category, I ordered the "Hanger Steak", well done. As my order came, I was also served with some hand cut fries. OMG!!! IT WAS DELISH!!! I was surely satisfied with their food. Once finished with our dinner, I walked out of the restaurant as a happy person. :) 

Overall, if you ever have the chance, try eating outside in the patio area where you have a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. It is actually better at night. :DOK- yes its expensive, but OH-so worth it!  Amazing service, food, & atmosphere. Great everything breakfast right down to the best jelly ever.Das Mon ami Gabi ist ein Pflichtbesuch bei jedem Las Vegas Urlaub! 
Die Aussicht von der Terrasse auf die Bellagio Fountains ist einfach atemberaubend. Wir haben bis jetzt übrigens nie reserviert. Beim Eingang bekamen wir meist einen Pieper und mussten uns dann 20 - 30 Minuten die Zeit vertreiben bis ein Tisch draußen frei war.

Das Filet Mignon ist ein Traum - das Ambiente ebenfalls und die Bedienungen sehr höflich!

Ein tolles Restaurant-Erlebnis und uneingeschränkt zu empfehlen!Steak Au Poivre is to die for. So are the Pom Frittes. And the Frissè salad. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The staff is always nice and they have a great view of the Bellagio fountains. One of my favorites for sure.Second time at Mon Ami Gabi and it was just as good as the first.  Steaks and sauces were as delicious as we remembered and those in our party who ordered something different (crepes and quiche) were just as happy with their meals. Prices, great service, and view of the Bellagio water feature are all added pluses.  Make reservations ahead of time (we did), the restaurant has been packed both times we were here.We absolutely love Mon Ami Gabi for dinner and usually enjoy dinner there at least once during our Vegas trips.  This time we had the pleasure of having brunch there for the first time last weekend.  What an absolute delight.  Simple food, executed perfectly and done just right.  We were there during the brunch rush hour and they still managed to give us awesome patio seating.  The food, ambiance, and service were all perfect.I had to come here twice because I was such a fan of the french themed atmosphere. To start off, both times the service was exceptional with attentive waitresses/waiters. It seems that the most popular thing on the menu is the steak frites, which I have to agree with. The filet mignon merlot  (which comes in a red wine reduction) is delicious and slightly sweet. The chef did a great job of cooking mine medium rare. As an appetizer the baked goat cheese with tomato sauce was great to share. Unfortunately, when I ordered the mussels a lot of them were cracked and I was getting shells in my mouth. However, this probably not always the case. Dinner comes with a cute ficelle in a paper bag which I thought was a great touch. Lastly, for a french restaurant on the strip the prices are not awful, especially if you share like I did.  I was also informed by my waitress that they serve breakfast starting at 7 which I must try!For all the crazy that Vegas is, Mon Ami Gabi is a refuge in the storm for us.  It's always there for us with the same quality time after time. For the price, I don't think you can have better food, service or a view in Vegas.  Sit outside on the patio for a "front row" view of the Bellagio water show.  It's very fancy, but the waiter's are not stuck up like other places.  Even dressed casually with a kid in tow, the French waiter was happy to discuss and let me try several varieties of wine before settling on a glass.  The wine list is good, and it helps when they waiters are in the know about what they are selling.  The steaks are what keep us coming back.  The top four on the menu are thin and huge.  About a foot long and four inches wide, they span the oval table.  Steaks are served along with awesome thin-cut crispy fries.  Steaks are in the $23 range.  We've been here 3 times now, and there is really nothing bad to say about it.  Highly recommended.Can I get a, Oui oui !!

If anybody knows me, they knows I have a LOVE:LOVE relationship with Brunch and Bloody Mary's. They just go hand in hand like ketchup and potatoes, Laverne and Shirley, Cheech and Chong. So when you have Mon Ami Gabi that allows you to enjoy some of the two most joyous things in life all within one of Vegas' most wondrously beautiful hotels, it's a pretty awesome time that's going to be had. 

Started off our brunch adventure inside their front bar (there are two) with a Grey Goose bloody mary...our bartender mentioned a Bloody Mary bar they had out towards the back where we can spice up and throw in whatever bloody garnish of our choice (i.e., olives, celery, peppers, horseradish, tabasco). It was fun crafting your own bloody masterpiece of a drink. And the Grey Goose was nothing short of grey...

Our table was ready and off we went to brunch on their outdoor patio that overlooks the busy Vegas strip. Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch selections were extensive and were really all across the board to accommodate all palates. Seafood crepe, egg white omelettes, chocolate-hazelnut waffles - our table and tummies had room for all that and more! We left satisfied to say the least. At 1pm, our server was a little on the sleepy side (possibly hungover) who spoke in monotone, spoofed my order and forgot to bring out a few things that we ordered. He was simply just a little "off," but hey, we all have our days, this just might have been one of his. I won't knock him cuz he did comp my meal for not getting it right. What a sweetheart. 

The majority of their (non-hungover?) staff was also really attentive, amicable and up on their customer service game. I'd recommend Mon Ami Gabi either way for its amazing menu, drinks and overall atmosphere.

Mon cheri Mon Ami Gabi, til next time!Excellent food and service. My husband and I went here yesterday for dinner. The server was knowledgable, friendly, and made us feel special even though the restaurant was nearly full. The food was fantastic and the space was comfortable.I always come here n I always get the same thing every time since I love it so much! I get the steak n frites with extra butter and it is spectacular! The macaroni auto grantin is always spot on and amazing! The atmosphere is always a good atmosphere! I brought a girl here and it was awesome got some wine n had a good time ;)

I forgot our servers name by she was awesome! Always there when we needed it and her hospitality was the best! Bryan was the food runner and no joke I have never met the best food runner ever. He has phenominal hospitality. He took thr time out of his busy time to just talk to us and make sure everything was good. Hes a great gentleman! Keep it up man! Mon ami gabi is awesome!This place is fabulous, perfect for brunch, make some advance reservation else you will end up waiting. They serve the best breads and you will love to visit them again.Good food and the staff was great. It was kind of loud to hold a conversation. the appetizers was fantastic especially the lobster sandwiches.We enjoy the the food here. First time eating escargot,  not that bad. Definitely have the flank steak again. definitely worth it for dinner.My Friend Gabi,

I love your cute Parisian interior, your dim lighting, your knowledgeable waiters and your delicious food.

I also love that I can make reservations on Open Table for a group of 7 (6 girls, 1 bro - literally he was my brother). Although you had requested my credit card info in case we didn't show, I understand because everyone wants to dine with you. We arrived a little late but you sat us as soon as our entire party arrived. FYI - I wish you'd let us make ressies for the outdoor seating. I would have loved to come back and people watch on your patio.

Thank you for the warm french baguette and the complimentary apple salad. They were much appreciated. 

I ordered your scallops and they were HUGE. YAY! Sometimes when I order scallop dishes from other places there's only like 3 and they're the size of quarters. Not your scallops! I had about 5 or 6 and they were like half dollars. The brussels sprouts you sauteed with the scallops are broken down to leaves with hazelnuts on top and the butternut squash you pureed was smooth and velvety. I had a bite of my brother's steak and it was mighty tasty as well. After he finished his steak...he was still hungry and wanted a french onion soup. It took about 10 minutes for me to wave down your wait staff because they were MIA. I only had a sip of his soup and it was pretty cheesy. He finished all of it so I'm assuming it was really good. Thanks for the filling meal!

A bientôt!
DiShFrancois is actually the best waiter ever   ( plus has the coolest french accent). If u have the pleasure of Francois waiting on you, you will know what i am saying. The ambience is romantic and classy.  I recommend making a reservation as it is such a popular place. The steaks are phenomenal but my favourite is the filet mignon merlot. Also recommend the Bordeaux Superior!Never a bad dish, a sour face, or poor company. I only go there when not even the tables could take me down and it is worked out divine.DONT leave Vegas without going here. It was the most amazing brunch!!! We got the French toast and waffles. Both amazing! Both sooo worth the calories. Their lunch wasn't bad either! Definitely a must eat at. Such a cute little place with a good view too!Love the outdoor seating! This is by far my favorite brunch spot on the strip!Where else in Las Vegas can you sit outside and feel the AC while the people on the street are walking in 115 degree weather. 

Started out greeted by a great waitress. I forgot her name but she was very kind the whole time. Water was always refilled, she was very personable and went above and beyond just asking us how our day was. She actually wanted to get to know us! 

We had the quiche lorraine. OMG! This was one of the best quiches I have ever had! It wasn't a slice but it was the whole pie! It was very good sized and the crust was so flaky. The egg wasn't overpowering and had great flavor. The good thing I like about this was that the bacon was thick cut! *drools* Around $12.00

The crab salad was allright. It was served open faced or with one piece of bread. It tasted fresh but wasn't anything super duper special. Real crab thou. Around $14.00

The bread they give you in the beginning is really cute. It comes wrapped in Mon Ami Gabi paper and is a delicious fresh baked french baguette. 

Great view of the Bellagio and you can people watch! Around $30 for 2 people for lunch not too bad at all.On our last full day in Vegas, my date and I had breakfast here.  We sat outside - thankfully out of the sun! - and each had the blueberry cinnamon toast.  VERY GOOD!  Thick cuts of bread with plenty of blueberry sauce and blueberries, topped with a huge dollop of whipped cream!  The only negative was my date had a little delay trying to get a black napkin as she was wearing a black skirt that morning.  If I am in Vegas again, I would definitely consider Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast again!Great service. Our server was very honest about the two options I was torn between. I ended up getting The French toast "when in France", right? It was pretty good.Breakfast was phenomenal!!  Highly recommend to all!!  I had the eggs Benedict and my husband had 3 eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, and toast.  
Dinner in September was amazing and breakfast today was, as well!!!
You MUST eat here if you come to Vegas!!Had an amazing time on our trip to Vegas. We ordered the Filet Mignon with Bleu Cheese dressing and a bottle of Bordeaux to go with our red meat. I had mine medium well and my friend had hers medium. Mine was cooked perfectly that after two or three chews it literally melted in my mouth! Crazy good! Usually when you say medium well they only hear the "well" part and they cook it through. Not here! Service was phenomenal. We came on a busy night right before we went clubbing and wanted to be across from the Bellagio water show. They bussed a table and five minutes in we were seated where we wanted. Not to mention that our server came around often to pour more wine in our glasses and such. Excellent service, excellent food. After all, you are in Paris. The small one in Las Vegas. :)My Spouse and I found ourselves "starving" in Vegas on a Saturday evening and after being told that it was at least an hour wait at several other locations, we happened to stroll by Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris where we have had a few delicious lunches but never Dinner so we decided to give it a shot even though we expected another long wait at this very popular place,... Much to our surprise the very friendly hostess said "we can seat you right now"!!! We looked at each others inappropriate Athletic/Dinner wear, laughed and said "what the heck" as we followed our hostess to our table and prepared to get snotty looks...No way, not one look, instead we got just friendly smiles and great service. We had the Onion Soup,Salad,Salmon & the Rib Eye. Our server recommeded a perfect wine and dark beer that we both fell in luv with and that I can't remember the name of  but intend to someday...I really enjoy a good french bistro and this place does not dissapoint.My second visit here. Both times ordered the Prime Steak Frites. Did not disappoint!  Seasoned perfectly and the right meat temp hit, made for a perfect lunch!

The fresh cut fries were hot and crispy.  A freshly baked French roll is served to each table before your meal.

Other items on the menu looked really good, maybe I'll try one on my next visit here.. but, the Steak Frites keep calling my name.My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday night with an 8pm dinner reservation, and were seated within 5 minutes. (Reservation highly recommended as this place will get busy!)

The hostesses, bus staff, and our waitress were all friendly and attentive to us even though the place was pretty packed.

We ordered the escargot, scallops gratinee, salmon, and French green beans. All the dishes were fresh and tasty and came out fairly quickly. 

The pricing is great especially for Vegas, and the atmosphere is nice although it is a really dark/romantic type of atmosphere if you go at night. 

Would definitely go back to try more of the menu!Mmmm. Cute French bistro on the Strip that is a really good deal for a nice meal. My friend got the steak and I got the lake bass with lentils and beets that was on special. Both were delicious as hell, and our server was very energetic. We got a table on the patio, overlooking the Strip, with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. I definitely recommend sitting outside if you can.Mon Ami Gabi is my new favorite restaurant! It has all the qualities I never thought a restaurant could have .... Nice but not snooty, pricey but affordable, dressy but casual, gluten-free options, and excellent food and service. Went for dinner and made reservations for brunch the next day right away. 
I got to try a variety of dishes. The steak frites are long, thin sirloin cuts of meat and you choose a topping like blue cheese sauce.  It comes with Pom frites but you can choose any side. I would recommend the mushrooms even though the whipped cauliflower and garlic spinach were good also. The baked Brie drizzled with honey was AMAZING. It left me wanting to order 3 more! It was creamy and a little sweet: and so was the roasted garlic that came with it. Had to order the creme brûlée of course. I loved the burnt vanilla bean at the bottom. Last but not least, I found my new favorite cocktail here, the Paris Romance (Malibu, Disarrono, and fruit juices). I even had one the next morning for brunch at 10:45 am heehee. Needless to say, I want to go back to Vegas just to eat at Mon Ami Gabi.Yummy! Came here with my husband a few months back for our anniversary. We loved the food and service! Their fresh baked complimentary French bread is delicious! There was absolutely nothing negative to mention about this place. It was not the very best french food I have had, but definitely up there.

They're a bit pricey but I assure you the cost is well worth it. Nice ambiance and great customer service.While the Chesnutt Brothers are in town for their Semi-Annual visit, we met up with some friends for dinner at Mon Ami Gabi in Paris Hotel & Casino.   I recommend sitting outside because you'll get a stunning view of the Bellagio Fountain Show and Eiffel Tower hovering over you!  I ordered the fish and it was good but definitely it isn't excellent.  However, the view and people watching experience made up for it.After searching Yelp for weeks and posting a thread asking for anniversary dinner suggestions on the Strip (thanks, helpful Vegas Yelpers!!), my husband and I settled on Mon Ami Gabi.  I am SO glad we did.

Had an 8:00pm reservation and when we got there we were greeted by the friendly hostess and taken right to our table.  We were seated in the really cute inside/outside patio area, which I would say definitely provides the best of both worlds.  You're seated in an open-air style setting, but still have a roof over your head and, best of all, air conditioning...which is crucial when you're dressed up all cute but are dying in the Vegas heat.  ; )  AND....you still have a view from your table of the beautiful Bellagio water show across the street.  PERFECT.  The only small thing I wished was different was that only one of us could face the street/show at our little two-seater table...would have been ideal to sit side by side and both enjoy the view.  : )

Our waitress came to greet us and had lots of wonderful suggestions to share.  I ended up ordering the Thyme-Seared Salmon with Orzo Pasta & Lemon Butter sauce and my hubby ordered the Filet Mignon with Frites (thinly sliced fried potatoes...tasted to me like a cross between a french fry and potato chip).  The salmon was huge and the flavor of the sauce was outstanding....my husband also thoroughly enjoyed his filet.  They were both TO-DIE-FOR.....SOOO good.

When it came time for dessert our waitress again made amazing recommendations...I got the Crème Brulee and my husband took her suggestion and tried the off-menu dessert special, which was a bread pudding with caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream.  The Crème Brulee was really good, but I'd say the bread pudding was the winner....OMG.  I almost wanted to steal that from him.  ; )  She also highly recommended the Flourless Chocolate Cake, which I LOVE.  I wasn't in the mood for it that night, so will definitely try it on our next trip.  

Our waitress was incredible....SO attentive and warm....making sure to take her time with us and check on us frequently....wishing us a Happy Anniversary at the beginning and end of our meal and even taking a keepsake picture of us with our camera.  She definitely made the experience a memorable one.

If you are looking for a great place to spend a special occasion in Vegas without breaking the bank, I'd say this is definitely it.  Our check came out to only around $120 (including tip) for two entrees, two desserts, and two alcoholic drinks.  Not bad at all considering other places I researched on the Strip....

Overall, I absolutely LOVED Mon Ami Gabi.  From the ambiance, to the food, to the view, the service....the entire experience was top notch!I've said it before and I'll say it again... when I want a really indulgent meal, I want a good breakfast.  And this is the go to place for breakfast on The Strip.  Make a reservation because you may have to wait, especially for a seat on the outside patio.

Let's start off with talking about the location.  You get a bird's eye view of the sidewalk in front of Paris Hotel Casino.  It's great for people watching.  Then you're directly across the street from the Bellagio and they're lake with the water show and music.  You could spend your time just hanging out and watching the world go by.

The food is great.  They give you fresh bread and butter.  They have awesome Bloody Mary's to start your day off right.  I haven't had a bad meal here yet.  All of the food is top notch.Went here to celebrate my 30th birthday.  We had a spectacular time. The atmosphere is great, the food is just delicious, and the service was top notch even with a completely packed restaurant. Highly recommended!From looking at all the pictures on yelp, MAGR looked like a pretty casual  bistro feel eatery, but i guess at night it's oooh la la time! I made reservations for a group of 7 and we were seated within 15 minutes  at  round table in the corner.  It was the perfect spot!  when you look up, the celings are so high and the hanging lamps were very rustic looking! I loved that they sat us at a round table.  I hate when you have a large group and they seat you in a rectangle shaped table where you have to lean forward to talk or look at the person you are talking to.  

FOOD:
We started with the Country pate which was too course for my palate.  We were deciding between the Country or the Mousse, but we all thought the mousse would be too moussey ( is that a word?).  the flavor was spot on, however i would of liked the texture a little smoother.  It was hard to spread on the break because, well it doesn't really spread!

The Escargots were very tasty and even better when you ask for extra bread and dip it in the left over garlic pesto sauce.  

I think we asked for bread 3 times, and i over heard our waiter say to another waiter, they want MORE bread???  haha. Yes we like our french bread, is that a crime?  

I ordered soup du jour which happened to be cream of garlic.  Could this be a better match for me?  I happen to love garlic so of course i had to order the soup.  It was so good that my two friends sitting on either side of me kept dipping their bread in my bowl!  I was happy to share... they gave such a huge bowl!

For my entree i decided to go with the scallops gratin which was an appetizer, but by the time this arrived, I was already so full!  The scallops were VERY flavorful.  In every bite you can taste the caramelized onion, Gruyere, Parmesan, and garlic.  You however, don't really taste the scallops at all.  This is definitely an appetizer to share.  Eating four of these bad boys will leave our mouth thirsty for water the whole night!  this is definitly my kinda dish as i love all these flavors, but maybe one would suffice! =P

I tried a few of the other dishes, seared scallops ( it was very fishy and very scallopy.  I would give this dish 2 *.), steak with herbed butter ( the steak was kinda thin and tough 3*).  

Overall, the experience, ambiance, and food was pretty good.  I recommend this for those looking for a romantic restaurant at a good price ( sit outside and watch the bellagio fountain), or those with big groups looking to get a great value in Vegas!

FYI Be careful of the paper covered table.  I got a huge paper cut from it!Outstanding. Every part of it was outstanding. Try to get a table outside on the railing so you can watch the water show across the street while you dine.Okay this restaurant is spot on. The best escargot I have had in a very long time tender not rubbery nice garlic herb butter AWESOME. We also had the Skate Wing oh my stars this fish was cooked to perfection. The prices are in line to the Strip. We got to sit on the patio and enjoyed the water show at the Bellagio. Service was spot on a little loud but we were sitting outside with the crowds and traffic going by. I may stop in to the bar this afternoon for another round of Escargot.I wanted to order a filet mignon, but since I'm a poor college student, I opted for the hanger steak with the merlot reduction instead. That steak-I kid you not- was so good it melted in my mouth with each bite. I can only imagine how good the other menu items must be and can't wait to come back and try them! The service was excellent - my water cup was almost refilled after every other sip (never empty) and I drink a lot of water. Definitely stop by if you're in town, but remember to make a reservation!Loved the place, went here twice during my four day stay in Vegas: once for breakfast and the other time for lunch. I highly recommend going there for breakfast- great place, great service, and food is pretty good.Simply amazing!! It worth it! Beautiful place, great services and the salmon eggs benedits where to die for. Definitely recommend it ;-)Love this place! I must say that this is the best breakfast place I have ever been to!  The ambiance and location is fabulous! Located in the Paris hotel with outdoor sitting overlooking the strip facing the Bellagio's water show. I came here with 3 of our friends and we ordered all different things.

My meal started off with their fabulous cappucino in a bowl. Super yummy! I ordered the french toast with blueberries and it was to DIE FOR! It was crispy and fluffy and was not too sweet. All the blueberries were all sweet and very juicy! I absolutely fell in love with my food! It was THE BEST french toast I have ever had in my life. Definitely one of those meals I will crave every time I am in Vegas. 

My friend ordered the corn beef hash and it was also so good! My other friends ordered the crab benedict with poached eggs and the other friend ordered the chocolate waffles with bacon which was also freaking delicious!!! We all loved our food so much and savored every bite. 

I can't say enough about how good the food is here! I am totally in love with this place!

IF you are in Vegas please do yourself a favor and treat yourself to the best breakfast you will ever have in your life!

Remember: Please call ahead for reservations because the outdoor sitting is always full. 

Enjoy!!!My friends and I came here for lunch. We reserved a table for 12 and got a seat in the patio area where you can see the view of the strip. It's best to reserve ahead of time since it could be a long wait. 

I got the salmon salad and asked for the salmon to be well done. It was delicious!! Both the salmon and the spinach was so good and complimented each other. I definitely made the right choice of order! My sister ordered the eggs Benedict and it was alright. It wasn't the best. Overall, this place was great.I found my 6th sense here.

So sensual.. all of my desires were fulfilled here in the most thrilling hour of my life. I had tingles running from the goosebumps on the back of my neck down to my toes as they curled from pleasure. The bellagio has the water show that you can view from the patio. Needless to say, those weren't the only waterworks taking place while I was here.I can only speak to the breakfast here. You can sit right out on the strip in front of the Paris hotel across the street from Bellaggio. I love the breakfast options the restaurant has to offer. The bacon was especially delicious. Service with a smile and always professional. You can sit out under an umbrella and still feel the air condition from inside the restaurant. This is my favorite breakfast spot on the strip.Breakfast in Paris! Did not disappoint. A couple minutes past breakfast and still accommodated us with waffles served with powered sugar, fancy raspberry jam and homemade whipped cream. Chicken apple sausage was really good. Fresh squeezed orange juice. Reasonable prices.Incredible steak - sit outside and the coffee and everything is so good. I want to go back again and again. Great service and not overpriced. What are you waiting for?Great place. I went there with my 2 yr old and we had boeuf bourguignon, which was splendid, and a Mac au gratin, which we did not care much for. Service was great and accommodating!This would get 5 stars if the fries were less like potato chips and more like frites.This review is specifically for Laszlo, who went so far above and beyond during our lunch today that he might very well float over the Eiffel Tower we're sitting under. Throughout trials and tribulation uncounted, from split checks to a strict finishing time, weird food requests and general obnoxiousness, he had a smile on his face and a joke ready to tell. Our food was beyond phenomenal, but the service with which it was delivered made it ten times sweeter (hard to do with the best sangria I've ever had). Thanks so much! We'll be back for breakfast!Without a doubt favorite restaurant in Vegas! We made a reservation through open table 30 minutes before we planned dinner and was seated as soon as we got there! The food was amazing. My boyfriend got the french onion soup, I got the kale salad with poached egg and we shared the baked goat cheese. I love love love the goat cheese and the warmth of the sauce with it with garlic bread. YUMMMMMM!!! 
We both got steaks (I got hanger and he got the one with red wine and onions). Both were cooked medium rare perfectly and we couldn't finish our food so we took leftovers, which was still good the next day! Oh and our waiting was funny, friendly and made us feel very welcomed! Great service and food.What's not to love?! This place is phenomenal in every way. Service was spectacular, food was delectable and the ambience was great. They go out of their way to make it feel like you're in Paris. I would recommend this place for breakfast during your stay or visit at Paris hotels.Very delicious breakfast. The food quality is great, location is prime and comparably reasonable prices!Service here is awesome, first and foremost.
The free bread is also good and I like that it comes with SOFT butter.

Came here once for steak (like they're known for) and it's sooooo good. Must try!
I love the Frenchy ambiance too :)

Last time I came, I came for brunch TWICE. The price is decent and the food is good. It's also really chillaxing here on a morning / early noon. :)

STEAK FRITES: yummy steak + really crispy frites. SHARE THIS!
All other breakfast items (benedicts, scrambles) are made really well too.. numm I'm getting hungry thinking about it again.Great location and great place and if weather permits it's a great place to dine out on their patio, which I requested when I went their with my bf.  If you come here for lunch or dinner you get a wonderful view of the Bellagio water show just across the street.

The server was attentive to our needs and the food was good. I got their crab and shrimp seafood salad sandwich but the only complaint I have about it is that it was WAYY too salty. It was too salty to the point that I had to dig into the bread they gave us in the beginning just to finish the salad. On a more positive note, my bf got their classic steak dish and that wasn't a disappointment at all.

I would definitely come here again to try something different on their menu. It was a good way to end out trip in Vegas.Great breakfast. There was a bit of waiting when we got there around 11am. Once we were seated, the waiter greeted us and gave us a brief recommendations from the menu. He was polite and nice. 
We had french toast, chicken crepe, ham crepe and three eggs. They all turned out to be outstanding. My chicken crepe with melted brie and apple, it tasted like heaven! 
Also I heard their dinner is pretty good too. I wil have to try their famous steak with french fries next time. :)Had a wonderful evening at this place we were a pretty big group too. Sat outdoors on a beautiful evening , I started with the baked brie , Had the Filet Mignon and Crème Brûlée for dessert.  All delicious.We had a great brunch. Good ambiance, service and food! Will definitely go back next time we're in Vegas.They have very unique thin steaks that have great flavor.  Directly across from the fountains at the Bellagio so you get a great view with dinner as well.Ein klassisches französisches Bistro-Restaurant in Las Vegas? Ja, es gibt es, dem Paris-Hotel (http://www.qype.com/place/147638-Paris-Las-Vegas-Las-Vegas) angeschlossen direkt am Strip. Mit großartigem Blick auf diesen und das gegenüberliegende Bellagio. Das gesamte Restaurant ist auf französisch getrimmt  und gelungen.
Schon wegen des fantastischen Panoramas sollte man einen Tisch auf der Außenterrasse wählen (Reservierung empfehlenswert). Denn dort bekommt man gratis zum Essen und Trinken lebendiges Kino im Superformat. Das quirlige Leben auf dem Strip und vor allem des nachts das viertelstündliche Schauspiel der von Musik untermalten Fontänenchoreografie (http://www.qype.com/place/228958-Fountains-of-Bellagio-Las-Vegas) des Bellagio-Sees.
Doch zurück zum Mon Ami Gabi. Wer hier speist, sollte nicht unbedingt die Alibi-Angebote amerikanischer Küche wählen, wie Burger oder ähnliches. Wer das wählt, outet sich als Genussbanause. Davon scheint es jedoch einige zu geben! Dabei ist das Angebot an gehobener  französischer  Küche verlockend und man sollte sich dem ruhig hingeben. Wir jedenfalls wurden nicht enttäuscht:
Vorab Chicken Pate und Country Pate (je $ 9,95), anschließend Lamb Shank ($ 26,95) und Steak Bordelaise ($ 25,95). Zum Dessert Profiteroles ($ 7,95). Die Flasche Morgan-Wein kostete $ 47 und schmeckte vorzüglich. Über 80 verschiedene Weine werden angeboten, da fällt die Auswahl schwer. Aber man kann auch den Wein glasweise bestellen (wine by glass) und so ein wenig die Vielfalt testen.
Erfreulich: Für Kinder gibt es ein spezielles Kindermenu.
Fazit: Wenn die Bedienung französisch sprechen würde  die Illusion wäre perfekt. Aber auch so fällt es nicht schwer, hier ein Hedonist zu sein. In Frankreich sind Bistro-Restaurants nicht preisgünstig, hier ist es ebenso. Das Gesamtpaket Mon Ami Gabi hat uns sehr zugesagt, fünf Sterne fallen uns leicht.Quite simply the best dining experience we have had in a long time. The wait for an outside table was a bit long considering it being a Monday night, but the ambiance made the food taste that much better. The filet mignon avec roquefort made me reconsider my latest vegetarian kick. The tarte tatin was not overwhelmingly sweet, ala Mrs smith apple pie special, yet it craved the dessert fix. A nearby couple gave us their remaining half drunken bottle of Deboeuf pinot Noir which was an added drunken surprise. If and when you come to Vegas and are not a proponent of low quality buffets or overpriced average hotel restaurant food, make your way to Gabi's for Vegas nouriture, frenchy style.3rd time at Mon Ami and we plan to be back.  Overall a very special place.  Classy, but not stuffy.  Very fair pricing in particular for Vegas.  Outstanding meals.  Very attentive, friendly, and professional staff.  Add to that a priceless view overlooking the Bellagio and fountains.   Main dining room is elegant, however go the distance and wait for seating in the pavilion to get the view that puts your romantic evening over the top.  Understand the place is a buzz with energy, so expect volume and chatter to go hand in hand with that.  It's not a quiet place, but you will be able to hear and hold conversation.    Strongly advise advance reservations.Good service and food was fresh and tasty. Price is reasonable. The interior designed like Paris restaurants I've seen on tv.My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! Excellent food and awesome service! It looks especially beautiful over the holidays. A must visit when you visit Las Vegas!We decided not to go to ANY buffets while we were in town. It's so much more of a relief. We decided to go to Mon Ami for the great outdoor seating and variety of brunch options while avoiding the stuffiness of eating indoors and avoiding the crowds (get there early!). It was nice to people watch while we ate. Everything was delicious. The only thing i had to complain about was the bread they gave. It was pretty hard and I wish I could've finished my bread but I didn't want anyone to see me trying to chip into the bread with my teeth without breaking a tooth. Otherwise, the service was great, plenty of heat lamps to combat the winds and the food was delicious. They also serve Intelligentsia coffee! yay!Came here for lunch the other day and everything was delicious and affordable! We were seated promptly, despite it being during lunch rush, and were given a table on the patio with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. Our server was French and brought us our drinks and a warm baguette almost immediately. I ordered the Croque Monsieur and my sister ordered the steak sandwich. Let me just say that this croque monsieur was by far the best one I have EVER had. The steak sandwich was also great but paled in comparison to the croque monsieur! Overall, the meal was fantastic and I would highly recommend eating here!I haven't been here for awhile. Took my sister here when she visited. Can't beat the location on the patio. I like the steak with bleu cheese. Very hard to get a table these days so I haven't been back, since there are so many great choices in Vegas. Come here for the location, not necessarily the food which is good but nothing special.I gave Mon Gabi 5stars bc the escargots are perfect!
They were baked perfectly and the butter garlic parsley was on pint..just like my
Mom used to make.
The cocktails were also delicious.
Our server was Mike..a sweet man who made great recommendations.
We enjoyed our experienceThe reviews here are not joking this place is great! It was also nice to not sit inside of the Casino.  The ambiance and food were great but not as attentive as I anticipated.  Overall good experience.Gabi, you are indeed a good friend.  I've been to both locations in Chicago as well as this one in Vegas.  It's perfectly located in the Paris hotel.

For chain french food, this place is very good.  We went for brunch on a Sunday and enjoyed the crepes.  The smoked salmon and the cheese plate were also great appetizers.  

If the weather permits, request to sit outside on the patio as it gives you a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is very french, even if the crowd isn't.

The one odd thing was that they ran out of iced tea during our meal, but they made good on it by subtracting the teas from our bill.

Props to the Paris hotel for targeting the gay market.  The BF and I were pleased to be seated next to four family boys during our lunch.  

All in all, brunch at Mon Ami Gabi is a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon in Las Vegas.Went here for the first time and was very happy with my experience. Servers were great and helpful with the menu and drinks. Quick and friendly service and the food was delicious. The atmosphere was great and we had great seating outside looking at the Bellagio fountains from our table. The pricing was reasonable and wasn't too expensive as other restaurants are in Vegas. Good food, good service, nice strip view outdoor seating. Can't complain.Best breakfast ever.  The coffee alone is worth a visit. We had breakfast here everyday on our holiday.  The chicken apple brie crepe is my fave, but everything on the menu is good.  
The service was very good as well,Patio dining at its best. Steak au poive with pomme frites, frisée salad, scallops au gratin, and a bottle of wine. Perfection. The bread is the best with homemade butter or carrot salad. Restaurant is run well, especially considering the size.Boyfriend had specifically requested that we go "somewhere breakfasty" Thursday morning when we were in Vegas, so I hopped onto Yelp and came up with Mon Ami Gabi.

When we walked up to the hostess, we were informed that there was a 15 minute wait to be seated outside, but that there was no wait to be seated indoors. Naturally, both of us feeling starved, we decided to sit indoors. It was starting to get hot outside anyway. So I'm a little surprised when I'm handed the blue electronic seating buzzer thing and told that I can't walk past the indoor bridge with it because of the range. What? I thought there wasn't a wait! But whatever. Boyfriend and I explored for about 10 minutes before our buzzer went off.

Our hostess then promptly led us to our seats... on the outdoor patio. I'm so confused at this point, but the heat really isn't as bad as we thought it would be, and we have a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains, so I can't exactly complain. I ordered the Classic Quiche Lorraine and I'm pretty sure Boyfriend ordered the Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich.

The quiche was the size of my face! And Boyfriend's sandwich looked very yummy. We each also got a beer. I think my favorite part of the meal, though, were the hand-cut fries. Sliced so thin so as to almost be chips, each fry was like that super-special, extra-crispy fry from McDonald's everyone fought for. You know what I'm talking about.

It was a tad pricey (~$50 for lunch for both of us after tip), but I think it was worth it to try such a highly-rated restaurant on the Strip.what an amazing breakfast!

came here with my boyfriend and my parents: 
i got the french onion soup (i was hung over -_-;; couldn't really eat lol), my boyfriend got the french toast (substituted the blueberries for strawberries and got regular syrup) i'm not a french toast fan...but man i had a bite and it was so good! probably the best french toast i tried! my mom got the skinny apple pancake...it was good, HUGE, thin, crispy...delicious! my dad god the spinach and green veggie omelette...it was really good! the hashbrowns were AMAZING!

the service was great...our server was so attentive and she made sure that we had our drinks refilled w/out asking (ALWAYS A PLUS!) i can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner!

one thing though...one of the hostesses...she looked like she got punched by a bus...very upsetting to see her face. she looked so upset and angry it really made my hangover worse. ugh she didn't say hi, smile, she just looked like shit...UGH i hate it when they put people like that in front of the restaurant...it makes people not want to eat there!We have been told that we will need to wait for 30 min for a seat on the patio, however we got our seat in 10-15 min. It was great seating on the patio even when its colder out they had heat lamps so I would recommend to anyone,anytime.

Food was very delicious. I had a ham&cheese crepe and my husband had a eggs Benedict and we were very happy with our choices. 

For a drink they had this drink called st.germain and it was very delicious! Basically it is a champagne and st.germain and sparkling water! 

Overall everything was great!My experience at Mon Ami Gabi was amazing, and I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas. Actually I believe that is not the requirement that my girlfriend set next time we go back.

Seating & Interiors - Inside is nice, but appears a little crowded and thus can get quite loud. Thankfully i sat outside..no wait at all for our table (we showed up at 6:30 pm and had a reservation through open table..15 minutes later, huge line outside the door).  The outside was very nice, with a great view of the Bellagio fountains (very romantic)...and even though it was slightly cold outside, they had a good amount of heaters outside to keep things regulated...was very nice outside.

Pricing - very, very fair. Considering most meals were $18-20..except for the $29 Filet Mignon Au Poivre I ordered...Starters were around $10 which is very good as well (hell, Chili's costs almost as much for appetizers)...I believe Desserts were around $8. The only thing slightly pricey were bottles of wine (cheapest bottles $28-35, everything else around $40-70).  Total price including (generous) tip for two people, two appetizers, one dessert, two entrees and a bottle of wine (remember i had the filet)..$128. 

Service - SPECTACULAR. Our server Juan, was very articulate, friendly, on the ball with everything, and knowledgeable on all the foods.  Examples: it was slightly windy outside, my napkin fell, when i went to pick it up, he was there in an instant, picked it up, and told me he'd get me a clean one.  After eating our baguette, while crunching up he baguette paper, he was immediately at my side to pick up the trash, and offered another baguette. 

Food - The filet Mignon was delicious, my girlfriend's lemon chicken was perhaps the best chicken I've ever had. At first I was a little scared of having only an 8 ounce steak for fear of being hungry..but i came out quite full..the banana crepe was also delicious. Presentation was nice...although the escargot could've been presented better, but tasted delicious..The Lobster Bisque..was truly to die for.  The baguette was good as well..the Frites weren't my favorite type of frites, but still quite good, filling, crunchy, but with enough potato inside to make it more than a chip. 

Overall: The prices are very fair, I highly suggest sitting outside, the service is great ( at least my experience was tremendous). The food is awesome. I highly, highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi.So freaking good. Sangria amazing! Escargots delicious, onion soup amazing, scallops I could eat all day! Fresh bread at the table still warm!!! I love this place!Caution for those who does not like "rare" or any "pink" on their steak. This is a French restaurant so your usual "medium" is different here. Be clear when you order.

We came here for dinner and breakfast awhile back during our stay @ Paris. I tried the steak medallions with a side of potatoes for dinner and the benedict eggs for breakfast.Wanted to grab an early dinner before a show at Planet Hollywood and chose the closest place with great reviews. So glad we came here! I had the summer gazpacho to start, which was exactly as described by our delightful waiter. For dinner I ordered the scallops, which were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The asparagus, corn, and peas were also some of the best vegetables I've had at a restaurant. My dinner companions had the New York strip and the Roquefort. They raved about their steaks and the frites, which tasted like they were made from fresh potatoes. Each of us cleaned our plates.What a great food had a great experience, great steak, and great old fashion, love the service.Best seat in the house with view of water fountain, good wine, good food n good service.Great steaks!  Great service!  Scott, our server, was perfect!  Make sure you are out on the patio so you can see the water show at the Bellagio while you eat!!Went there for our girls', as in 10 and 11 year-olds, special birthday celebration.  We had three adults, four kids and one baby.  We sat in the patio area, so yeah, we had to put baby in the corner.  We had reservations, but we still had to wait about 20 minutes to get seated.  Even though there were 8 of us, we were seated in a rather small round table.  But no matter, we were in a good spot, front row seating for the Bellagio water show and music.  They brought us one loaf of bread.  Exactly one loaf.  I had to ask for another, at the risk of spoiling our appetites, because the kids had waited a while.  The kids meals were surprisingly large and they enjoyed the pastas, green beans and apple slices served on a partitioned tray.  You really can't beat a kid's steak for $8!  I had the very tasty beef bourguignon and my sister and brother-in-law had salads.  The service, with the exception of the bread stinginess, was very good.  My only wish was that they offered truly traditional french specialties every day (ie coq au vin or duck a l'orange).  Great food, reasonable prices and a free show makes this place #1 on my list of places to frequent while in VegasThe filet mignon was fantastic!  Service was great.  Even with reservations the wait was annoying and it gets packed by the door. As with any other restaurant in Vegas, it was a bit spendy but worth it for the food and service.One of my favorites...just can't beat the delicious food and the gorgeous views.Service: Superb

Location: Right where you want to be

Food: One moment please... I just had a foodie orgasm!

The Rose was an excellent choice to match with the most amazing Pate ever! The poor spreading knife was used and abused during our lovely brunch. Our second order of Pate could not come soon enough.

The Hand-Cut Gaufrette Potato Chips were good enough to have a mini FKM (fat kid moment) and ask for a second serving!

Terri (My Love) has her favorite dish here and would not stray! She always orders the Trout Amandine. I would have enjoyed this more if I had my braces out... There were a lot of yummy almonds on this dish. But very pretty presentation.

And I ordered an entree this time. I know, I know I usually don't make it past the champagne and the appys! But everything had been so delish up to this point I had to order more. So I had the Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine! Yum YumMatt (husband) and I needed a slightly quick bite to eat before the Sgt Pepper Cheap Trick show on Friday night and came here for some appetizers and wine, which ended up the perfect start to an amazing evening hanging out at Paris.

It's been ages since I ate here but wow, I was blown away again at how reliably good this restaurant is.  I wasn't hungry enough for a huge meal so I got the Endive salad and a half order of mussels.  The salad was light, fresh and perfect with endive, watercress, celery, and a little blue cheese.  Perfect for my mood for that night.  And the mussels, holy crap they were the holy grail of mussels because I have never had mussels that were so light and velvety in my life.  Completely blew my mind and opened me up to a whole new world of mussel goodness.  The white wine broth with fennel was also wonderful, and I dipped a little of the bread in it.

Husband had the fillet with wine sauce which is my favorite entree there but I was too focused on my food to dig into his.  We had some of the mon ami gabi house pinot and tasted some other reds that evening that went perfect with the meal.Mon Ami Gabi was the place we selected for brunch on Easter Sunday.

I absolutely must say thank you to the hostess who held our table for us when we called to say we would be late due to the valet being full. I had no clue that valet could be full but apparently, that's a thing that can happen. Anyway, we were fifteen minutes late and they still held our table for us. That's pretty darned awesome!

Our table was at the window line looking out onto the Bellagio fountains. It was a holiday and so there was a large show every thirty minutes and minor shows every fifteen. So we were able to watch eight different water shows during our two hour brunch. Yes, we are the grazers that drink and eat slowly and enjoy our time. I'd say I'm sorry but it would be untrue.

Our only issue with Mon Ami Gabi, the food was forgettable. I cannot for the life of me remember what I had. I think I had French Toast but I could be wrong about that. Regardless, at those prices I'd like to at least remember what I had (outside of the coffee and mimosas).

Anyway, overall this place was great for a mid morning spent watching people, water shows, and enjoying our friends and their company.You won't find another place in Vegas that matches up to the ambiance, setting, and quality of food here at such an affordable price.  Located across from the Bellagio fountains, you get a great view if you sit on the patio. You have to wait list it at the front for the patio, you can't reserve ahead of time like for inside the restaurant.  On a Saturday night in January, we waited for around 30 minutes for a table for two.  Not too bad, as there's a lot of things to see and do in the casino while you're waiting.

I've had the steak frites here, the seared scallops, the prime rib (was on their special menu) and their fish of the day.  Everything I tried was always delicious.  The mini baguette comes out fresh and it's so good we got an extra order!  

A severely underrated dish here is the Duck Confit! Omg, this was hands down my favorite thing on the menu.  It's just one duck leg and thigh, but could definitely serve as a main course and was amazing with it's crisp skin, juicy meat, and was so flavorful. I've come here three times, and will probably keep coming back, because despite all the offerings that Vegas has, this is hands down one of the best deals around.A cozy french eatery facing the strip, across from Bellagio, was the reason to come. Great service and excellent, fresh food is the reason to come back. Fresh bread, cheese, and an excellent bread pudding (off-menu). If you combine all this with a pre-dinner rush & patio seating to catch the fountain show....you will be very happy with the experience.I enjoyed myself so much at this restaurant, I went there for 3 meals (2 dinners and 1 lunch) during my 4 day-3 night stay. The bartenders, waiters, waitresses, and the random workers filling my water glass and bringing my bread were lovely people! The hostess not so much.

The food was kind of hit or miss- I loved the steak and frites (au poivres and bordelaise), the salmon (I'm not a fish fan, but it came on a lovely bed of mashed potatoes, pearl onions, and roasted garlic), champagne, and belvedere martini (alcohol is food, sure). 

I was not so fond of- banana fosters crepe (the crepe was a little rubbery, bananas were raw, and it was all covered in melted brown sugar, altogether it could have been much, much better), fish and frites (the pan fried fish lacked seasoning, and it had a weird texture), creme brulee (it had too much burnt taste).

The reason why I give it four stars, is because when you're sitting on the patio sipping champagne, watching the ridiculous tourists do their ridiculous tourists things, with the Bellagio fountain dancing serenely to Con Te Partiro across the street, you can't help but love your life. Well, my life. I had a lovely experience, and oftentimes in Vegas, that is what you pay for- the experience.Not a great restaurant and not great service, but sitting on the patio is worth it all. Best place to people watch ever. Inspired a new drinking game. You each pick a typical Vegas character and drink every time you see one. We call it Belvis. Because when you see a black Elvis you do two shots.Brunch was amazing.  I tried the quiche Lorraine. It was on point. For dessert, we had the thin pancake (I'd call it a crepe) with butter poached pears.  The amazing cinnamon butter smell alone was enough to give me the best sugar high of the trip.This place is the Bomb, food is great service is great perry and Ryan are the bomb.   Mark NeffFood was amazing! The steak is really good. I'd recommend sitting outside during the winter next to the fire. Beautiful setting.Headed over there for lunch during the July 4th holiday. We got there around 11:10am? The line for patio was about 45 minutes wait while the wait for tables inside were about 15 mins wait. We sit at the patio before and Bellagio fountain wasn't something new to us so we didn't care. We were seated quickly inside during a busy holiday long weekend. 

We got a beef tartar and shrimp crepes! So delicious! Especially the shrimp crepes I got was milky, thick and NOT greasy! Full of flavor and still refreshing to eat! Good combo of nutrition and don't feel heavy or overboard for a lunch! Definitely recommend you to get this one if you don't want something too heavy or filling. I will come back again next time we visit!gave this place a shot because of the prime location and the diverse selection of french dishes. i expected this place to be pretty on the surface with no real substance ..... i was instantly proven otherwise.

came with a group for lunch on a nice sunny vegas day and started on the complementary baguette which was hot and fresh. we went through a couple of loafs pretty quickly. the bread was tasty and also nice and light giving you the impression that you can have the whole loaf without feeling guilty.

we started off with the frangria which was an obvious relative of the sangria. i made the mistake of noting down the recipe in my head and not somewhere more reliable. nonetheless the frangria was top notch. the fruits were vibrant and present in every sip. mix of red wine and grand mariner tasted better that I had thought. 

for starters we went with the snails and french onion soup. the snails were a bit greasy and had a very grassy aroma and taste. this was my first time having snails to which i equated the consistency to oysters. the soup did not reach its potential as more flavor could have been added and more cheese could have been layered on the exterior.

as for the entrées we all order a sandwich of some sort that came with a bed of greens and/or frites. i ordered the chicken and bree sandwich which was mixed with sautéed onions and green apple that made the sandwich even more delicious. served on ciabatta bread the chicken was moist and decently flavored by itself. the combination of sandwich fillings left me wanting more. the only negative criticism I have about this sandwich was the amount of filling was not evenly portion with the amount of bread provided.

the ambiance was great...very open, bright, and diverse. as mentioned the location of the restaurant was excellent being right in the center of the strip making it a great spot to sit back and enjoy the view. not only was the ambiance and location great, the service staff were extremely courteous and our waiter went beyond our expectations.Dined here 01Mar2015 for breakfast from a recommendation from an acquaintance - did not disappoint. We made a reservation 15 minutes before and was able to be seated right away.  We didn't opt to wait for the patio seating as we were in a hurry.

Food was delicious - there were 3 of us and we each ordered a different crepe - (1) bacon, egg, cheese; (2) ham and cheese with egg and (3) chicken, brie and apple wedges with a side of potatoes and brioche and lots of coffee for the drive home.   We were in food heaven - wanted to keep eating but was experiencing food coma.

I definitely would come back and try to get a table on the patio to people watch and enjoy the Bellagio water show.This place was amazing in every way! From my wait at the bar to the service for lunch, it was a great experience. Had a deliciously crisp cucumber martini made by the bartender at the front. I could drink those all friggin day.

My friends and I ordered the goat cheese and escargot for appetizers. Both were very tasty. I ordered the seafood crepe for my brunch/lunch. YUM. It has a wonderful cream sauce on the inside with peas. You get three large shrimp and two large scallops. Both the shrimp and the scallops were wonderfully seasoned and cooked to perfection. DELISH. OH, and I almost forgot about the baguettes! SO YUMMY. I think the four of us polished off three loaves of that before we ate our entrees. We love our carbs, lol.

The staff was very friendly, Service was on point. Food came out in a timely manner. Wish we had one of these in STL!Wonderful experience!

Mon Ami Gabi was the best meal of our entire Las Vegas trip last week!  We were lucky because the morning we went, the temperature was about 70 degrees and made for a perfect day to sit outside and enjoy breakfast and people watching.  
I ordered the Bananas Foster Waffle and my wife ordered the Blueberry French Toast.  Both were perfect!  Servers were friendly and attentive.  Couldn't ask for a better way to start the day.Came here a few weeks ago during my weekend trip to Vegas. We made reservations for 4 on a Saturday right before our Celine Dion Show (which was awesome..btw). Anyways. we were seated fairly quickly and had great service.

Food wise:
French Onion soup is delicious! The fiance and I shared one and it was so good we both wished there would be more! 

The bread they serve is also piping hot and fresh. Delicious just with butter!

The steaks here are all good-- I think having your steak medium or medium rare would give you the best texture. The four of us all ordered a different steak, and I had the chance to try them all- they were all delicious, I don't think you can go wrong-- it just depends on the sauce, if you prefer savory or more sweet.

Great restaurant, with a great view of the Bellagio Water show..what's not to love?!We come here a lot for brunch. French toast is amazing! Always good service, nice atmosphere.Time to mainline some lovin' - yes, it was Valentine's Day. Rather than wait for the patio as we had previously, we played it safe and secured an inside reservation. Now, I know this won't happen every time, but I really think we got the best seats in the house, right up against the window at a perfect angle to take in the Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and Eiffel Tower, basically as close to the outside as you could get, but keeping warm, too. I wish I could impart a trick but that's just what they gave us, and it really made our night.  

Oh, the food. Filet mignon was insane, and the skate wing was pretty great too. Saved room for their fantastic White Chocolate Bread Pudding, another indelible memory (photo attached).Great brunch place. Patio is great for people watching and you can see the bellagio fountains.Ambiance and service were really great! There's a casual outdoor patio, Atrium, and very fancy indoor area. The food was just okay, though. Burger was tasty and salmon on the salad was good. Frites and French bread were alright, kind of dry. Food was good, but I've had better.The food is excellent here! The French Onion soup is to die for, the fish and steak is so delicious, French fries yum. Salads are so good. Wanted to stay longer in Vegas so I could eat here more often!On a busy Friday night during Veteran's Day weekend, we prayed that Mon Ami Gabi would not be fully reserved. Upon waiting in the line that took a good 5 minutes to get to the woman at the counter, I realized how popular this restaurant really was among tourists/regular visitors alike. 

Why? 
Well from my experience, the prices are incredibly reasonable and the food is delicious. 
But anyways.
The woman up front said it would be a 30-45 minute wait, which was great considering the place was flooded and seemed as packed as the metro during rush hour. She then handed us the vibrating 'thing'.
While we waited, we went to one of Paris's small pastry shops and talked and drank some teas. After only about.. eh.. 25 minutes? I was worried that being a little far from the restaurant would prompt the vibrating thing not to vibrate, but it! Then again, I was still in the hotel and not really far... but that's happened to me before and subsequently. I lost my table. 

ANYWAYS.
The atmosphere? 
Well it was still busy when we being seated, but not as busy at it was during 7:30-8. It was already about 8:30-9 when we got seated. I loved the lighting. Pretty dark, but romantic and authentic. We got seated inside (outside was packed.. clearly), and were right next to the wine cellar. Waiter and waitress would go in and out of it, but they never bumped into our table, so that was good. It was pretty loud, but still manageable to talk to one another. 

The bread & butter? 
This is always an important one for me. The bread came in a Mon Ami Gabi bag and was a small baguette, perfect for my group of 3. We split it and the butter was DELISH. I think it had something extra in it. Maybe honey? I don't know but it was great. The bread was hot and soft and amazing. 

The food?
I got the Fish and Frites and my friends got the trout and the steak with caramalized onions and a wine sauce... I think. We also ordered a side of garlic spinish which was DELISHH and I'm not that crazy about spinish. My Fish and Frites was very good. The fish was well cooked and I loved the frites. The fish wasn't too flavorful, but how much more flavorful can fish and chips be? I tried my friends steak and it was literally the best steak I had EVER tasted. 
And I hate steak.
HATE IT.
Disgusting.
Yuck!
BUT THIS. This was something else. The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the sauce on it was heavenly. The caramelized onions (which I usually don't like by itself) complemented the dish soo well and it was just amazing. If I had known how good the steak was here, i would have probably gotten it myself
My other friend's trout was also another testament to this restaurant's amazing food. The trout was soo flavorful and it came with green beens on the side which looked great. 

The price? 
For Las Vegas standards, A BARGAIN. my receipt was as follows:
water all around
1 cosmo for the friend (11 dollars!)
Garlic spinish (i think 4 or 4.50)
steak 
fish & frites
trout
86 dollars! 
I was shocked. That's honestly a bargain for LV standards. The area of Mon Ami Gabi is among one of my favorites (just across from Bellagio) and if you manage to get hold of a patio seat, you have a view of Bellagio's water show. 

All in all, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who goes to Las Vegas. LOVE MON AMI GABII had to leave a review because I just ate the best steak of my life. I may not be the best judge since I have not experienced many steaks in my life, but the filet mignon here is melt in your mouth delicious or as my friend would like to say " slap yo momma good" The ambiance here is really romantic so it was kinda sad to be there with my fellow girlfriend but oh wells the steak made up for it lol the service here was also very good, the only drawback would be the never ending wait. We did not make a reservation prior to coming here so we had to wait 1hr 30 min to get in. They give you a buzzer(?) that buzzes when a  table opens up. The wait was excruciatingly long but in the end everything was worth it. If only I lived nearby so I could indulge in this steak every day...... but then again I would be broke so maybe its a good thing I live so far.....Been for dinner and now breakfast. Staff very nice. Lots of gluten free items. Seating inside and outside. Food is good. I would recommend eating here while in Paris.Nice place to have brunch, we had reservations for 2pm and we were seated promptly. I would say we all made very good decisions when ordering, I had the Salmon salad which was delicious! My friends ordered cheddar burger, brie burger, and the smoked salmon. Wish we could have tried their breakfast though. Everything is fairly priced. 

We did not experience the worse service by our waiter Jose, nor the most attentive either, as in a couple of occasions we had to look around for Jose so he could bring our missing items/orders to the table; but he got a break from us as he was very patient when taking our order and suggesting a few menu items. 

If it wasn't because we all had a bad hangover I'm sure we all would have taken advantage of the bloody Mary bar/buffet. 

The restaurant however does not have a restroom, instead you have to exit the restaurant and go to the casino in search of a restroom, not cool! specially when all you do is wash your hands, I cannot imagine an emergency...Beautiful dining view of Bellagio fountains, delicious seafood, roast chicken, escargots, champagne, and caramel creme brûlée. Chocolate mousse was mediocre and service could have been stepped up a notch. After dinner latte was exceptional.This is a great french-style restaurant, with many gluten-free options. They even serve pre-meal gfree bread to gluten-free patrons! Lunch sandwiches/burgers can be served on gfree bread as well. Dinner entrees include beef, chicken and fish options. Located in the Paris hotel, across from the Bellagio. So if you sit outside, you can watch the amazing water show while you eat. I was very impressed with the gfree options this restaurant provided and have featured it on my blog: gfreenikibee.blogspot.comEvery time we visit Vegas we stop in to Mon Ami for breakfast. It's become a tradition for us. We always ask for a table out on the front patio and are willing to wait. Though they have fantastic breakfast selections I always get their classic eggs Benedict,  delicious! And I add a ginger/ pear mimosa.. Service here is something I have to comment about...it's just outstanding! They have kept such a high standard, at least on every visit over the years we've been coming....we've always been treated so well. So for breakfast, at least, we can highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi.. a real gem !I had one of the best French dinners here!
It was outstanding and we were really quite surprised at how wonderful the food was.

Escargot was buttery but not too greasy and had a parsley mixture which added to its unique flavor.

The bone in ribeye is a must u have to order it medium rare and it will melt in your mouth with the perfect combination of herbs for the rich beefy flavor.

The goat cheese in tomato sauce appetizer was magnificently seasoned as it burst in your mouth and filled your tastebuds with a tantalizing taste of balanced goat cheese and fresh tomatoes.
I'm returning!I've only been here once and I thought it was okay, my husband absolutely loved it though, so it really depends on your taste. The restaurant can be a little pricey but the quality of the food is worth it. The fries are amazing! The restaurant it's self is a little busy, but very distinct in style. Its personally not my type of restaurant/food preference but I would recommend it.This is a place to go to enjoy one of the few sidewalk dining options in Vegas that isn't trashy and for a target audience that is a lot younger and rowdier than my demographic. The food is good, the service was generally attentive, and it is a good spot to enjoy the Strip view. 

Considering the number of meals they serve on a busy weekend afternoon, it is better than one would expect. We went with a friend that is a highly regarded French chef. He could tell where they cut some culinary corners, but at the same time, given how many people they serve on a peak day he was impressed with how well they do what they do. Given the number of covers, it's not going to be perfect, but it is good for where it is and the size of the crowd on a nice, sunny Saturday afternoon.

The wait staff was pleasant and generally attentive. Given that it's Vegas and everything is a show, it was amusing that our French accented waiter was in fact just adding to the allure. If you speak French, don't assume the waiter does...I've actually been to this restaurant a couple times before but it was during my pre-Yelp days so this is my first review.  I was directed to this joint from a local friend who told me that this was probably the best value on the strip.  After eating here for like the third time I would say that she is correct.

The hottie and I went on a Sunday night and was surprised at how busy it was.  I started out with my usual french onion soup.  This is what french onion soup is about.  Not too salty but still rich in onion flavor.  I got the special of the day which was Beef Wellington.  The hottie decided to get a bowl of mussels.  First the mussels.  I can say, without a doubt, the BEST mussels I've ever had.  Mussels are usually overcooked so that they mussels shrivel up and are kinda chewy and rubbery.  Or somtimes they are gritty and sandy tasting.  These mussels were plump and juicy, exactly what mussels should be and on top of that the white wine sauce just hightened the flavor of the mussels.  Just awesome!  My beef wellington was also very good although the slice was a bit small considering I paid $36 for it.  

Overall, just what I expected.  A quality meal at a very reasonable and affordable price.Had a lovely dinner here. The service was prompt and friendly and the food was delicious.

We went here on a Thursday night at 8pm and there was about a 5 minute wait to be seated, which was fine. There was a 20-30 min wait for the patio (to watch the Bellagio water show). 

We were in and out in around 40 minutes. We ordered the small garden salad, the steak frites and the salmon with pea and carrots. All the meals were very tasty. The salad came out almost as an appetiser, rather than with our main meals but that was fine.

The service was very friendly and efficient, the water boy was particularly attentive, which was great given it had been so hot and I was drinking lots of water.

The restaurant was busy but didn't feel packed due to the layout so it was not particularly noticeable.I was eagerly looking forward to eating at a French restaurant to celebrate my birthday with my girls in Vegas. Our reservation was for Saturday at 8:45pm. It was a little hectic because we needed to be someplace in an hour and we were told our table wouldn't be ready for another 15 minutes. We asked if we could put in our food orders while we waited for our table and the hostess and manager were very accommodating. 

I wanted to eat light, so I ordered the Scallops Gratinee and the French Onion soup. The scallops were absolutely scrumptious: three little shell- shaped tins filled with roasted garlic and creamed spinach, topped with a sea scallop that melted in my mouth. I gobbled this up so quickly. Then I moved on to the French Onion soup, which was warm and full of ooey-gooey cheese that made my tummy and my tastebuds smile.

I REALLY wanted to sit in the patio to watch the fountains, but there was a two hour wait. Apparently it's first come, first serve for those tables and you can't reserve them. Oh well, that would have made my birthday perfect, but at least they got us in and out so we could get to Marquee on time! 

Can't wait to go back with the hubby!I LOVE this restaurant! I ate ate a lot of restaurants when visited Vegas and this was the one that stood out by far. When you come here you MUST get the mussels. They give you freshly baked baguettes that you can use to soak up the delicious buttery white wine broth. YUMMMM! French sangria was amazing too - who knew rosemary works in sangria?I really liked Mon Ami Gabi and based on my experience would probably give them 4 and a half stars. Prices are a little high, perhaps,  but not outrageous. 

We sat at the bar and the service was really good. Got here around 5:15 and it was busy but not crazy. By the time we left a bit after 7 it was packed. Ordered the steak frites with the hanger steak and merlot butter. The butter was sweeter than I expected it to be but it was pretty nice. Steak was perfectly cooked and flavorful and tender. The fries were really delicious also- crispy and nicely seasoned. I also had a manhattan and the "frangria" (sangria really), both were good and had a nice pour. The loaf of bread served with meal was AMAZING- hot and crusty on the outside, soft on the inside and truly yummy. They also gave a dish of shredded (?) carrots with the bread. I'm not normally a fan of raw carrots but this was fantastic and I really enjoyed it. 

I'm a bit torn between 4 and 5 stars because I did enjoy my food a lot and the service was quite good as well. I do think the prices are maybe a tad too high, particularly on the drinks, and since I only had one thing on the menu, I'll stick to 4 for now. But I would definitely come back here for their steak frites again which is saying a lot since Vegas has so many options.Mon Ami Gabi is my absolute favorite restaurant when I'm in Vegas. I've been here on a number of occasions, both with my love and with his sister for a girls night. Every experience is perfect and lovely! You can't beat the view at night, as you can take in the Bellagio fountain show from the patio. It's always busy, and they don't take reservations for the patio, but if you're lucky there is a space. If you're extra lucky, bartender #86 is there. I can't recall his name, but honestly, he and his partner in crime for that particular evening showed my sister-in-law and I the most fabulous night ever. 

I can't say enough good things about this place.

Oh, and get the white chocolate bread pudding. Just do it.Was a Sunday and the main waiter seemed agitated (I saw people just sitting around without food or drink and a line out the door). I don't blame him, 2 tables didn't tip and another table had 4 very drunk messy humans. We ordered 3 appetizers, 2 salads and one sandwich. We had sparkling water and juice.  I enjoyed my food, I feel like my friends did too. Very relaxed and beautiful, and I tipped 40% because he seemed to have had an awful morning and we were needy with sparkling water/juice requests (I also knocked over and broke a glass, super embarrassed!) 
Great food, make a reservation and tip nicely (just because your on vacation doesn't mean you can be a cheap prick). Locals get it.Some of the most delicious food here in Las Vegas!!! I went here for lunch with my boyfriend because he read some good reviews on it and it still exceeded all my expectations.

We sat out on the patio, but were near the doors, so still felt very cool from the A/C ;) --I ordered the chicken and broccoli crepe (which I annoyingly asked for it light on the cheese sand this and that) and it came out perfect. My boyfriend ordered a steak (prime rib? I can't quite remember) sandwich which was probably one of the best we've ever eaten. It was soft and melted in your mouth. so good. 

The service was awesome as well. Our server was so kind and accommodating to all the annoying things I was asking for and was extremely good at knowing when we needed something without being asked. He clearly went above and beyond to give us great service.We cone here from LA, and visit this place at least twice very visit.  Brian, one of the servers is AMAZING.  Just great service and always flexible and with a smile.  I manage 27 branches for a large bank and I know customer service.  He is head and shoulders above his peers.  Food is always good, but service is what separates good from great.
Thanks Brian for getting us breakfast.I really don't think I've had a bad experience here. I keep coming back, despite the mediocre food, partially due to the relaxing environment this restaurant places you in.

The allure of this restaurant is not just it's casual bistro-like food, but the view. The view is what sells people to come here. Nobody ever really sits far within the restaurant, everyone sits in the patio area. Bellagio fountain, front row seat, with good food and champagne in front of you. The life of a winner (or the consolation prize of the big loser - in my case).

Came here for a nice Sunday brunch, and ordered relatively smaller dishes, partially since I was so weighed down with guilt of how much money I had lost the night before.

Got myself a hearty French onion soup, and salmon rillettes.

French onion soup was hearty, but salty. A huge amount of cheese (gruyere possibly, was not really paying too much attention). Good flavoring, solid dish.

Salmon rillettes I may not get again. It was decent, but not transcendent. The cornichons with the salmon rillettes were well pickled, but something was just lacking with the rillettes. Not sure what.

If anything, the best part are the fresh french baguettes that come out before hand with any dish. Warm warm baguettes, with raspberry jam, and good butter. Excellent stuff.

Ordered a bottle of Perrier-Jouet Champagne Brut MV. Don't really scoff at this bottle, even though it is the cheapest one on their list. It's well worth the money, and reasonably priced (68$, vs ~40$ at BevMo, and more for others). Freaking awesome champagne - rated pretty highly as well. A definite must get, and makes you feel like an absolute high roller, even though you're rolling in the mud with your huge losses.

4 stars - Inconsistent food, but excellent view and service, in addition to fresh baguettes, make up a great experience. You can just sit down, look towards the fountains, and sigh in relaxation.I decided to make a Yelp Account just so I could write this review. I've been a long time reader and often used others suggestions and reviews to pick a destination restaurant. 

Yelp found us Mon Ami Gabi. 

The scenario: It was my mom's birthday. So we decided to celebrate in Vegas. Saw a show, gambled, hung out by the pool... the usual eat, drink be merry, etc! 

But for the birthday night dinner, the objective was not over the top expensive but still really good food/ambiance/service/overall experience was a must. And we found it here, in Paris (Vegas of course). 

The food: delicious! Oh and the wine was paired perfectly! Started with cheese and fruit (yum!) and warm olives (good and simple). Loved the bread too and the chardonnay carrots side! Main course: I had the fillet (with the recommended rouqefort), it was amazing! and my mom had the special fish of the day: chilean seabass with a corn that is beyond the concept of corn (so good).  And of course a little french pastry puff to finish for the birthday dessert. 
The ambiance: umm did we accidentally leave Vegas and wind up in Paris? :)
The service: Martin ... fabulously french, attentive, informative. 
The overall experience: 5 stars for sure. We loved it!! 

Side note: A lot of people recommended sitting outside (to see the fountains) but honestly we realized while it would have been great for bellagio fountain and people watching it is much more of a dining experience inside. Stand outside, watch the show before you go in. Then once inside let yourself be whisked away into a French feast fantasy. 

It will be si magnifique!One of the best meals I have had in Vegas (tied with Joe's). I ordered the roasted chicken, which has such great flavor. The pommes puree was delicious as well. They really hyped up the onion soup, which I thought was just okay. Brussel sprouts are nice and crispy. Everything was good! Would love to go back and get some dessert next time. We also had a great view of the strip and were sat inside right beside the clear glass which was the best of both worlds. Highly recommend!7 of us went to breakfast yesterday and all of us loved the entire experience . I had the smoke salmon Benedict  that was fantastic . highly recommend ...also sit outside if possible ... Very nice .Delicious. Great, fast, quality service.  Our waiter was hysterical! Will definitely be back every time I go to Vegas and will recommend to my friends!During a mid summer week, we were seated at a table between the patio and indoor area. It was the perfect mix of coolness on a hot summer day. Great service. Love the bread. It's nice to see the water show across the street.Great brunch spot in the Paris hotel. They have a variety of egg dishes, pancakes and waffles as well as pastries. Hubs and I split goat cheese omelette and blueberry waffle. Both were really good. The highlight of the meal was the chocolate chip orange muffin. I was initially very skeptical however it blew me away!!! It melted in my mouth-must try it if you go! Service was good and ambience was very romantic.Went there for my birthday. Service was Amazing, Food was phenomenal, champagne was delightful. Overall, my favorite French restaurant.Absolutely worth it! Probably the best filet mignon I've ever had. Recommend the escargot for apps. Great view of the strip, great service. Outdoor patio dining was perfect, but interior was also really pretty.Came here for brunch with Wifey , got seated right outside. The chicken sandwich with Brie was amazing. My wife got the salmon salad and also amazing. One of the classiest places you can eat and people watch.I found this restaurant using Yelp and I was not disappointed. It is part of a huge casino complex that has the miniature Eiffel Tower and is across the street from the Bellagio. I had an excellent table looking out the window where I could see a huge fountain (dancing waters concept). I placed my order for a Caesar salad and grilled salmon. Both were excellent and the speed of service was great. I indulged a dessert and it was a "10". I would go back again. Server was Mandy L.Always, always, always a good experience, no matter what the circumstances. I've been here with large groups and parties of two. I've sat inside and outside. It's always the best service and dining experience. The staff are very attentive and upbeat. The food is consistently outstanding, and the prices are reasonable, particularly for Las Vegas. 

If you are a fan of French Onion Soup, you must go here. They have the best I've ever had...hands down. 

And finally, I have to mention this. On my last visit, we had a party of 10, which automatically triggers an automatic gratuity of 18%. At most places (actually, ALL places I've ever been to), they never mention this, add the gratuity on the bill, and hope you are one of those people that just don't look at the details on your check. The waiter made a point to inform us of this when he brought the bill. For that, I made a point to stop and make a compliment to the manager about our waiter, and my consistently good experiences here. 

It is a restaurant I NEVER skip when in Las Vegas. Just go!The manager of this Mon Ami Gabi, Ryan contacted me about my encounter the last time I visited the restaurant. However, it was through their main website that I complained as well. He was more than accomodating and was very generous. He offered us a gift certificate, which is very much appreciated!!! We went back a few weeks ago, and the experience was much better this time, and the food of course is always delicious!I'll start off by saying this was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. 

I'll get the small "negative" about this dinner out of the way. As some people have mentioned, the hostess, reservation setup was not very friendly. They were almost robotic like, saying to go into the other line. Not the greatest first impression, but don't let that spoil the rest of the restaurant. 

This is one of the first times that we were called up to be seated at the exact time of our reservation.

We were sat right by the Bellagio fountain view, it was perfect, and the temperature couldn't have been better. I had asked for this view when making the reservation, so make sure to do that. 

The waiter came by, and was very nice and helpful. I ordered the Rib Eye, and my girlfriend ordered one of the other steaks. I had the French onion to start, it wasn't fantastic, but not too bad. Steaks were amazing, perfectly cooked Medium rare.

I had told the wait staff ahead of time that it was my girlfriends birthday, and they brought her out a birthday cream puff, which was amazing and a very nice surprise for her. We also ordered the banana's foster crepe, and that was one of the most delicious crepe/deserts I have ever had. 

We got to see the fountain show, had an amazing time, and the temperature was fantastic given the 103 degree weather outside. I would completely recommend this restaurant to anyone.Fantastic food! I had a baby kale salad that I am still thinking about days later, it was that delicious. We didn't need reservations, even at peak hours.Had the lobster sandwich which was a special on Saturday but the waiter was nice enough to have the kitchen make it for me even though it was Sunday. Lobster was good. My friend who's a vegetarian had them special make a crepe with eggs and vegetables and mushrooms. I tried her dish and it was great. It transports you right to Paris.My Mom and Aunt-to-be held my Bridal Shower luncheon here and it was a wonderful experience. Zack was very attentive and helpful with our party of 8, and assisted in slicing the cake my Aunt had delivered from an off-site bakery. It was a beautiful once-in-a-lifetime event!!!!Great food, great service and great view!  

RESERVATIONS: The bf and I had a reservation at 6:30p on the Sunday of Labor Day Weekend.  You can't make reservations for the patio but can request it upon arrival and they'll let you know how long the wait would be.  We arrived at 6pm and was told it would be about a 25 minute wait for patio seating.  With the casino right there, waiting really is not a big deal.  

VIEW: The patio is great because you can watch the Bellagio water show across the street and people watch as you wait for your food.  And that's exactly what we did with a couple glasses of wine!

FOOD & SERVICE: I ordered the Steak Bernaise while my bf ordered the Steak Roquefort.  Both were delicious.  The steaks were the perfect size, the sauces were delicious and the frites were a great side and even better when dipped in the steak sauce.  Our great server, Francois, even brought us extra blue cheese sauce (came with the Roquefort) so that we had plenty for our frites.  We were pretty stuffed after our steaks but Francois convinced us to try his favorite dessert on the menu, Profiteroles.  Imagine 3 decently sized cream puffs split to sandwich vanilla ice cream and drizzled with fudge.  That is what this delicious concoction is!  *drool*  Needless to say, we happily devoured this dessert.

So if you're looking for nice place to have dinner on the strip, come check this one out!Delicious spot! My wife and me came here for our expensive dinner out for our trip to Vegas. Food was yummy! Prices were pretty expensive but my wife got to see water show at the Bellagio from our table so we were happy with that.What is French for "OMG I would totally go back there, that place was so yummy"...well, it slipped my mind. Still. I loved this place. 

Having never been before a girlfriend of mine and I decided to go here for dinner before seeing the Nutcracker. We ate inside since it was cool out but the views of Bellagio fountains was AWESOME! 

The atmosphere was beautiful and very romantic. Dimmed lights, fancy table settings, attentive wait staff. 

The food was incredible as well. Of course to start we had escargot (one each), YUM! I had the seared sea scallops with whipped cauliflower. It was delicious. To end I had the creme brule. It was really tasty as well.  Not to mention the sour dough bread and butter that came. The meal was really good.

I would definitely go back here again....good food, good service, good view and good friends. (Ok, the last one you will have to get your own on)

J'adore! (French for LOVE people)Who would have thought you could have a wonderful French dinner right on the Strip at a reasonable price in a casino?

We waited about 20min. for a table outside overlooking the Bellagio fountains. They had plenty of heaters so it was comfortable even in February.

The waitress was wonderful, the food was delicious, the prices were reasonable. Two entrees, bottle of wine, and dessert (white chocolate bread pudding) for ~$100.

I wanted to go back the next night, but there are so many places to try...Lovely brunch spot on a hot summer's day! Their patio is cooled with fine mist, and gets packed by noon! This nifty spot is located in Paris, the entrance is right beside the Casino. (I was tempted by the slot machines while waiting for a table). 

Our server was very friendly and chirpy, providing extremely prompt service. There must have been at least 15 servers, no wonder each table received a good amount of attention! 

The complimentary bread was very hard. I'm sorry, but my teeth isn't that strong.. I guess you're suppose to have them with soup? Well, I ordered the Monte Cristo, and it was amazing! the toast on the bottom was still crispy and the side salad was very fresh! 

If I save up enough vacation time, I'm coming back to Vegas and definitely back to Mon Ami  Gabi!Why has nobody reviewed the Market Vegetable Platter??

It is an AMAZING feast of vegetable deliciousness. It came with two thick slices of heirloom tomato, roasted and seasoned to perfection, white bean puree, artichoke hearts, a corn salad, and sauteed squash. Gosh I love me some heirloom tomatoes.

The amuse-bouche was a carrot slaw, and sadly it was overshadowed by the free, warm baguette. Oh joyous carbs! And I'd recommend passing on their infamous frites - they are meh. 

I got lucky and was seated outside in the warm Vegas night with a cute boy directly across from the Bellagio water show. I also lucked out because I go to sample his trout almandine, which was excellent. But as good as the fish was, I know I'd order the vegetable platter.We stumbled upon Mon Ami Gabi as a plan B to Wicked Spoon closing earlier than expected.  I booked a quick ressi on open table.  I wish we got to sit outside to watch the Bellagio fountains, but we still caught the show after dinner.  The seating was a little small and cramped inside, reminded me of Bouchon in Napa.   All the food we got was fantastic.

Baked cheese- must get.  
French onion soup
Bone in rib eye- split; no extra fee.  Rib eye is my favorite cut so I couldn't not get this
Bordelaise filet- I actually liked the flavor of this better
Bread pudding

It was affordable and delicious.  I would recommend this as a nice meal in Paris. The service was generally nice, although our waiter had a moment of abrupt snappiness.  It was awkward, but I brushed it off and didn't let it affect our meal.   

Overall a good dinner! Bon appétit!Love Mon Ami Gabi!  Great food at a reasonable price.  But best thing about it is the view of the fountain show.  Make reservations if you want a really good seat.Great food (blueberry French toast), drinks, and view of the strip. You must sit in the outside patio!I adore this place!  We do breakfast every visit!  Great menu!  Everything is always good.   Sometimes the wait can be a bit... but goes fast.  Yummy Bloody Mary's.  Great service every time!We LOVED this restaurant.  Great food, great ambiance, great server!  We will definately be back!  The three cheese plate was outstanding and has my mouth watering 2 weeks later!  The Bananas Foster crepe was huge and sugary and delicious!This place is so much fun.  I've been here several times and love sitting on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The wine list is extensive and keeps with the Parisian theme. I have no clue on their wine listing but so far I have not gone wrong.  They even have a wine cart.

Food was very good. The oysters were fresh, I like a bit of hot sauce but hey when in Paris.  The tuna tartar was also great, and served with waffle chips and avocado.Mon Ami is my favorite place to go for breakfast when I'm in Las Vegas. The blueberry French toast is a must!My friends and I came here for brunch! Definitely make reservation if not the wait maybe long. I called the day before for reservation and I was able to get in the next day. Outside patio is first come first serve. The same day of my reservation, I had called to move my reservation up one hour and they were very accommodating. Once we got there, I request for patio and it was available, we were seated right away. One round of mimosa, came out really quick. I ordered the salmon salad which was really good. I also ordered the chicken mushroom crepe- also good, a bit cheesy but I'm okay with it.

I would definitely come back again for brunch! The service was awesome, she was very good and aware of what's going on at our table, which was more personal.We went for dinner on a Saturday night. The food wasn't particularly good (although the complimentary baguette was warm and tasty!).  Most items, including the beef bourguignon, (which I wouldn't recommend ordering), were lacking serious seasoning.  But the ambiance, the moderate prices (for Vegas!), and the view (we were seated at the window where we could watch the Bellagio fountain show) all made up for it!Their signature dish, steak frites, is excellent and I get it everytime I eat here. The skate was great also (I have never had skate anywhere outside of France and this was better than what we had on the seashore in France!).  Their service is outstanding and their fresh bagettes are worthy of a Parisian bistro!!!  Keep up the good work.Good food, great service.  Love it when wait staff refills coffee. It was truly a bottomless cup. Mimosas on the pricey side though.Service was amazing. Our server was very familiar with the dining and wine menu. Very helpful in making a selection. I enjoyed the steak with the blue cheese along with the asparagus. Dinner was great. Loved the fresh bread and shredded carrots served before our dinner arrived. Great dining experience and we were a large party of about 16 and still had a great experience.Busy atmosphere. Good food. Beer selection is meh. 
Try the smoked salmon for appetizer.LOVE this restaurant! The past two times I've come to Vegas, I've made sure to come here for dinner. 

The restaurant is located within the Paris hotel on the Strip. Make sure to make a reservation in advance since it always seems to be busy. The restaurant has dim mood lighting and is very charming and romantic - a good excuse to dress up!

I ordered the Dijon Steak Frites. Large slab of steak and equally large portion of frites. Incredibly flavorful and delicious! I enjoyed every last bite. Last time I was here, I ordered the Hanger Steak which was also good. 

Definitely go here on a dinner date, if you want to enjoy a nice steak dinner, and if you don't want to spend a ridiculous amount of money! Prices are very reasonable for the quality of the experience and food you will get.What a fantastic experience! From the time you ask the waiter for the GF menu!! They bring you GF bread and butter to enjoy! Their GF menu is huge!!! I had the Onion Soup with GF croutons and a delicious Salmon! Plus they had chocolate soufflé and more!Dined solo here a couple times during a recent business trip... and loved it! 

FRENCH TOAST - absolutely delicious. Moist  & fluffy and not too sweet. The blueberry syrup is divine along with the warm blueberry compote on top. Wow! I miss it.. 

EGG WHITE OMELET - just a regular egg white omelet BUT! The avocado relish/salsa thing on top made it so clutch. Gave it that refreshing, clean taste! 

Attentive service and the waiters were on point with my coffee refills. Always a plus :) 

Make sure you ask to sit out on the balcony area. Perfect for people-watching or Bellagio fountain-watching. If I'm ever in Vegas again, I'll be sure to go!Hard to beat this location for table side entertainment. From people watching to the water show at the Belagio it's fun to watch while enjoying a great cocktail and dinner. See pics for our favorites!Amazing food, great view, nice variety of choices (both in price & food).  Outdoor patio is cooled by misters and covered with patio umbrellas, but smoking is permitted.  If you want to enjoy natural sunlight and get a peek outside, ask to sit in the atrium by a window.  Lunch options include $9 -$18 salads, $12-$15 sandwiches, $12-$14 (and a prime $18) burgers, $18-$23 entrees ($32 for filet mignon).  We ordered the seared salmon entree and the full Mussels Marinière appetizer (which came with their amazing fries and was enough for a meal).  I'm not a big fan of mussels, but these were amazing.  I've posted a photo of the salmon, which was served with orzo pasta mixed with asparagus and peas.  The only thing I would have changed is to substitute edamame for the peas, but it was still fantastic as served.Great place to bring your out-of-town friends! Perfect view on the Strip, great atmosphere. Food is ok. Book a table in advance!I'm in love with this place! Food is touristy yet wonderful! I love the view of the Bellagio fountains. I went for brunch and had an eggs benedict. Magnifique! My girlfriend had crepes and they were great too! I can't wait to come back for dinner next time I'm in Vegas!
P.S. There are TONS of very over-priced "fancy" restaurants in Vegas where the food ends up sucking. Mon Ami Gabi is expensive without being absurd and the food is A+. Give this place a try and make a reservation in advance!This place is delicious! Make reservations and show up a little early and request a seat near a window or outside if it's not too hot. The wine list is great and the french food is perfect. Very romantic spot for a date!C'est un joli restaurant!

I made a last minute reservation for brunch using OpenTable, and luckily got the time I wanted. Patio seating cannot be reserved, but I wasn't bummed. I lose my appetite if I watch the LV street carnies too long. 

I ordered the Benedict and asked if I could substitute the ham with salmon. 

"Certainly, Monsieur," said our server, #51. 

I say #51 because they have numbers in place of their names. I asked why this was. I was told each number corresponds to a different Arrondissement of Paris. I thought there were only 20, and I saw numbers upwards of 70, so who knows if that's the real reason. Servers should have names on their name tags, not numbers. It strikes me the wrong way. Anyways, I'll get off my soapbox. His name was Rey, and he was boss.

We started with a carafe of Frangria. Their French spin on sangria, which got me sufficiently buzzed. Delicious. Smooth. Indulgent. In fact, I'm having olfactory memories of the rosemary sprigs in the Frangria. Nostalgia.

The salmon Benny was literally perfect. The hollandaise was light, the salmon fresh and a proper pink, and the yolk a well executed poached egg; oozing after a slight application of pressure. The accompanying hash browns were well seasoned and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. 

We had a wonderful table along the glass partition next to the server's wine station. It felt exclusive, intimate, and very conducive to private conversation. 

I want to go to Paris...I love this place. I've come here both times I've been to Vegas and the food has been fantastic. Great atmosphere in a great spot of town with great food. The service is excellent as well. I'll definitely come back whenever I'm in town.I've only been during breakfast/brunch time, so I can't speak for the dinner menu very much. The two times I've been here for the breakfast/brunch have been really great. The service is amazing and the view from the patio can't be beat. Both times I sat outside on the patio, and you're literally right on the strip which is a nice touch.
 
The patio: Patio seating is hands down the best in the restaurant because you get the view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip. Also, the restaurant faces west, so when the sun comes up, part of the patio gets some shade from the shadow of the hotel. Because of the view and ~~ambiance~~, there's a long line for the patio seating especially on the weekends. We got there around 10:30am and we waited about 30-40 minutes. There's a separate line for patio seating, so be sure to sign up with the hosts/hostesses at the correct podium (just to the left of the entrance of the restaurant). If you want to have a shorter wait time, consider coming a little earlier.

The food: We got the Housemade Country Pate, Corned Beef Hash, and the Prime Steak Sandwich. The pate comes with cornichons, whole grain mustard, and warm toast. It's not as soft and mousse-like as I usually like pate, but they do have a chicken liver mousse pate option that has that softer texture. Either way, the country pate had a lot of flavor, and when paired with the pickled pearl onions, pickles, and mustard, it's amazing. The Corned beef hash is good. The portion is small, but the eggs are cooked perfectly and the sautéed cherry tomatoes are a nice touch. The Prime Steak Sandwich is cooked medium rare with au jus and fries, and the steak is very tender and flavorful. It's not overcooked and rubbery like some other places. 

The service: Our waiter was so nice and inviting. Even though he had a few tables, he still came over many times to see how our food was and to chit chat with us. He has great rapport, and honestly, they should give him a raise. 

Overall, the food is good (especially the pate), the patio is the best place to sit (expect a long wait), and the service is wonderful.Steak frites is one of my favorite dishes and Mon Ami is one of the best that's makes it just right!!!Best waitress in a long time today.  From Kansas.  Brilliant.  Professional.  Efficient.  Attentive but not clingy.  Seriously, so nice but professional, despite being very busy.   An A plus.  (And the food was good too).Great food, nice view. Make sure you get there before 11 if you would like to have breakfast.We love this place. Great service. Great view. Had the NY steak. Best steak I had in a long time.We called an hour ahead and made a reservation. Once there we ask for seating on the terrace and had a 15 minute wait. We sat at the bar with the fabulous bartender and had drinks, it was great. You must try their dirty vodka martini with blue cheese olives, YUM. We sat outside and enjoyed the Belagio fountain across the street and people watching on the strip. All of the food was fabulous. We had the french onion soup, Rouqefort Steak & Frittes, Bone-in Ribeye, Scallops and Skate. No room for desert. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. Oh, I almost forgot, the service was greatGreat food and atmosphere!  Highly recommend  Sit outside, people watch and eat!We had brunch here twice on our recent visit to Vegas. I had the corn beef hash and it was wonderful. My wife loved the Quiche Loraine and crepes. 
I will definitely visit them again.Nice breakfast. I can totally recommend this place. Service and food and atmosphere makes for a pleasant meal.I've been here many times and they never let me down. Everything from the food to the service to the atmosphere is amazing.This is where I ate the most perfect, melt in your mouth, medium rare filet mignon with merlot butter. Holy effing cow was it delicious I nearly cried when it came to the last bite. Steak is definitely their specialty but not the only one, the seafood is also pretty amazing as proven by my boyfriend's sea bass daily special.

We started the meal with a small amusebouche, bread and butter, and the baked brie. The honey coupled with the roasted garlic made the brie a winner. Next came my steak, the best filet I've ever eaten, and it simply and perfectly came with Mon Ami Gabi's famous French fries. Being a French restaurant, we of course stayed for dessert and ordered the creme brûlée and a macchiato. 

For the quality and deliciousness of the food, friendly and attentive service, and atmosphere, this is one of the best deals and best kept secret on The Strip! The only reason I give it 4 stars is that it is a little cramped, and there aren't any restrooms inside the restaurant (my boyfriend and I felt people were walking on top of us the whole time, and you have to go outside into the casino's restroom if you have to go). Besides that, it is still my favorite place to eat and I am definitely coming back!We sat outside and were treated to a decent view of the fountain show and an even better view of some crazy, yet entertaining, tourists walking by.  Other than that the brunch, most specifically the corn beef hash, was delicious.  Would definitely come back for brunch/breakfast!Apparently the last time I ate here I gave up meat for Lent, well well well what do you know? I am now a vegetarian :)

There wasn't much vegetarian options but it could be my fault, since I didn't ask. I did see on their menu that they had Gluten-Free options. Pretty cool.

I settled on ordering the Butternut Squash & Brie Quiche. The cole slaw on the side was bit salty but I finished it. My quiche was a bit plain but I loved it & thought it was delicious. Nothing "food-coma" induced but juuuuuuust right :)

Service was good, as usual :)
We always make a stop here whenever we are in LV, it's a must!Soo hung over, where to eat? Mon Ami Gabi. 
Feeling great and want to grab lunch? Mon Ami Gabi
Sick of being in an air conditioned casino? Mon Ami Gabi
Want to have the best people watching sess ever? Mon Ami Gabi
Croque Monsieur or Madam avec le vin day or night? Mon Ami Gabi


Mon Ami Gabi is my go-to answer for almost any question. I have had many (many, many, many) Vegas trips and pretty much the only thing they all have in common is a meal (or two or three) at  Mon Ami Gabi. I am obsessed with finding the best croque monsieur in the US... which is not easy, but Mon Ami Gabi does a pretty darn good job. The service is always amazing, the patio situated right on the strip is amazing. During the winter it is heated, during the summer it has constant water mist. The wine selection is excellent and the French Onion Soup is the stuff of legends!  

Bon appétit.I've had the pleasure of dining at this fine french restaurant twice with my mother in law and both times were pleasurable.  Since she is a Diamond Total Rewards member we had the advantage of not waiting in line and for a table.  

What we ordered:
Seafood Platter-$24.95 per person
Prime Steak Sandwich-$13.95
Croque Monsieur-$11.95
Steak & Frites (kids menu)-$8.95
Carrot Salad and bread pudding-both are off menu 

The Seafood Platter consists of lobster, jumbo shrimp, oysters, and tuna tartarte with mustard mayo, cocktail sauce, seaweed salad, mignonette, lemon and crackers all of which were exceptional.  I didn't try the Prime Steak Sandwich but I'm sure it was delicious.  The Croque Monsieur, is a sandwich made with ham, gruyere cheese, and crème fraîcheand  served with hand cut fries, was worth every bite.  My daughter ordered the Steak and Frites and she loved it, especially the frites!  My mother in law ordered a carrot salad and bread pudding for everyone to devour and...oh my gosh...it was THE BOMB!  

Customer service was satisfying!  I love how they have a patio with the view of the Bellagio fountains.  It gives it a more enjoyable atmosphere to enjoy a nice French meal.  The price is surprisingly reasonable.  At a place like this, I expected over the top prices.We got an outside table where my friend could watch the Bellagio fountain while I dig into my yummy steak with skinny fries...fair prices for good food, a place to rest your feet and people watch, good service, could do a lot worse in VegasGreat ambiance and outdoor seating. One star deducted due to the crazy business even early (we came at 8:30am). Our waitress was covering a lot of tables (but very nice). Fresh fruit & yogurt with brown sugar on the side was FANTASTIC. One tip, THE EARLIER YOU GO, THE LESS BUSY!!!!!Perhaps the best place to have lunch on the strip. The view is awesome if seating outside.  Food well what can I say - escargot and French onion soup are the best. Service is impeccable. We go here every time we are in Vegas and it never changes. Creme brûlée is made just right.Very nice restaurant, easy booking, good service and good food. A bit noisy but it's okay.My GOD I love this restaurant.

I try and eat at Mon Ami Gabi every time I visit Las Vegas. The food is incredible and the view of the Bellagio fountains is unbelievable.

It's a French-style Steakhouse -- which to me means, super thin, tender (almost like flank steak) served with pomme frittes (super thin, crispy fried potatoes). They give you the option of sauces to drizzle over your steak...two of my favorites are the red wine and the béarnaise. Totally, completely delicious!the brown butter scallops with brussle sprouts and squash are very good. came for a bachelorette dinner with a group of 8, and the ambiance was very relaxed--we left full and happy. our waiter was adorable too :)We made reservation thru yelp - first time doing so - and it was a seamless experience.  We were planning to go to a show from 6-8 so made dinner reservations at 9.  Plans changed and we were idle and hungry at 7:30.  We decided to head over and see if we could move up the reservation, but were dismayed to see a long line up.  We asked anyway and the hostess found my yelp reservation (yay!) and said, "of course.  would you like to eat now?".
The place was packed the night before NYE as we were led thru the space to our cozy little table for 2. 
Our waiter Franciose was spectacular.  Sooooooo charming and attended to every little detail. The amuse bouche that came with the bread was an addictive little slaw of grated beets, fennel and a peppery vinaigrette.  Could have eaten a large salad plate of the stuff.  Franciose was very happy to describe all the ingredients to us.  Hopefully it can be replicated at home!  We sampled a plate of 3 cheeses which were all divine.   I had the 2 specials of the night Parsnip soup and Dover Sole Menueire.  My husband had French Onion soup and Steak Bordelaise. 
Food was fantastic, by any standard.  Service tonight was superstar!!!ok you redeemed yourself.

watching the bellagio fountain show at night, at this outdoor poopy french "bistro" at the Paris,  makes inhaling the sucky faux french food almost worth it...wish it was a thai restaurant, though. seriously...french food sucks. people with no tastebuds eat here, with glee...tee hee... bland bland bland... peuuuu...pepe le peuuu bland...oooh la la...oh look it's escargot dear..... isn't that like a snail? so what if it's uncooked and still crawling around on the plate...if it's ok with the french it must be refined...let's inhale a snail...& the pinot gris...whatever we can't pronounce...mmmmmm it's so rubbery and delish!

note: wowwww, my diet soda was like dope dudeI absolutely love this restaurant in LV.  We have been enjoying it for probably 15 years.  While in LV we eat here almost every night.  The food is fabulous.  I usually have the steak classique.  The French fries are to die for.  Best ever.  This time I took a chance and had the fraisee salad,  yumm!   I have also had lunch and the sandwiches are awesome.  Breakfast wasn't that great.  Make a reservation it gets busy.  Oh and go at off times so you can enjoy the water show at Ballagio.  BTW the reservations are for inside only.  We were disappointed by this.Definitely shoot for patio seats. It was great to eat and watch people at the same time.  Great view sitting across from the B fountain.

Bread was super tasty! Servers were excellent! we got out steaks and one of them didn't taste as great as we hoped.  They took it back and gave us a different one with no hassle.

Food was delicious if you like steak, potatoes, and veggies.  

Food, setting, and service = great time.I love love this place!

My company wanted to host a dinner party for guests that were coming to Vegas for a  work conference. I suggested Mon Ami Gabi, since I absolutely love the Filet Mignon Butter Merlot.

From the prepping of the menus and wines to the execution carried out the night of, The President of my company and guests had nothing but good compliments for choice of venue and menu.

The directing staff is awesome to work with! Our server Sean was great as well!My best friend took me here after she had a good experience there with a bad ending.  She thoroughly enjoyed the food and atmosphere.  The bad part is that she got her purse stolen.  Though eating outside is the best place to eat when you are there, be aware of where you put your purse down.  Her table was close to the railing and somebody snagged it.  

From that bad experience, I lucked out on a great meal since they gave her a huge gift certificate.  We sat outside, but made sure we were not at the rim.  It was sooo beautiful and to be able to watch the water show at the Bellagio!!  We all enjoyed our meals.  I tried snails for the first time  (garlic, and buttered)  It was good.  We also ordered a few of the desserts and shared them.  All so delicious.  Try the crepes.

WORTH IT!I'm usually skeptical of Vegas strip restaurants but I was pleasantly surprised with how good the food was over here. Thanks to all the Yelp review mentions of the French Onion Soup, of course had to try that. Their salad and other items were good too and just as everyone else has said, if you sit in the patio you can see the Bellagio fountains!I made a reservation on opentable.com before we got there.  Total lifesaver.  The line was WELL out the door when we arrived for our 6:30pm reservation.  We were sat inside, the patio was full.  

*Warm Olive Jar- $6.95- delish!  The olives had so much flavor and I used the garlic on the bread!

*Shrimp Cocktail- $14.95- a little pricy but they were 3 bite shrimp...they were HUGE

*French Onion Soup- $8.95- not as salty as I thought it was going to be.  Very good.

*Filet with Merlot Sauce- $32.95- melt in your mouth delicious.  I was super bummed when it was gone.

*Fries- A little odd but they were very good soaked in the merlot sauce.

Very Very Very good.  The service here is excellent and the bread is to die for.  Will be back next time I'm in Vegas.Came here with my friends for our last meal at Vegas this past weekend.

There are indoor and outdoor seating.  The one outside is more casual than the inside, which is dim and hence... more formal/romantic/classy.  Since the weather is always pretty nice and warm in Vegas, definitely try the outdoor patio!  You can people-watch as you eat. 

The bread was so good.  They served whole WARM baguettes, which I have not had in too many restaurants.  The outside was not too stiff and the inside is just warm and soft :D 

We ordered the first 3 steaks on the menu.. lol.  Excuse my English translation of the classy French names.. but we basically ordered the first 3 steaks, the classic with butter, the one with the wine sauce and one with the onions.  I had the last of the three.  Because of my usual experience with over-cooked steak at restaurants, this time, I ordered medium rare and Yay! it came out to be medium.  Not sure if that's a yay but use your own judgment.  The frites are really good and came in a huge portion along with the steak. 

Service was excellent!

Definitely coming back :)One of our favorite apps in Vegas!  We always kick off our visits with brunch here. The pulled pork Sriracha sandwich is delicious,  and the prime steak peppercorn sandwich is a must. Always worth the visit. We also love the marinara goat cheese with pesto garlic bread.Would eat here again in a heartbeat! When we arrived at 8pm on a Tuesday, I heard the hostess telling guests it could be up to a 30 minute wait. Luckily, I had made a reservation on Open Table and was seated in 2 minutes. In my reservation I requested a table on the patio - there's a perfect view of the Bellagio's water show - but when we arrived, found out the patio was first come first serve. Before I could ask, the hostess said she'd seat us by the open window facing the Bellagio, which ended up being even better! (Less windy, less street noise.) We ordered the mussels, salmon and scallops, and even with 200+ people seated, our food came within 15 minutes. Our water glasses were never empty, the waitstaff were all very friendly, and the food was delicious!My boyfriend and I came here because I was craving Steak . We got outside seating so we waited for appx. 30min although if we would've chosen we could sat right away inside , staff was friendly and attentive regardless of how busy it was outside . The patio was a bit small and crowed , but the view was beautiful as the Bellagio dancing water-fountain is right across the street playing a song every 15min until midnight. Food was consistent (appetizer,starters ,and meals) . Food although pretty good not impressive but to be fair prices are decent for their quality .Great food! Loved sitting on the patio.  Baked Cheese and Chicken Liver Mousse were both excellent appetizers!  Husband had filet with merlot butter--very good and I had scallops..also very good.  We were trying to make a 7:30 show and informed our waiter.  He was EXCELLENT!!! One of the best waiters we have ever had--and we have dined all over the world!!!  We didn't have time for dessert but the bananas foster crepe looks incredible!!!!!  We also took our 2 kids--they have a very nice children's menu and were very accommodating.  Not a place you want to take really small kids, but older kids will be fine.  we have an 8 and 12 year old.  Highly recommend and can't wait to go back!Fantastic food inside Paris Las Vegas.  Had the Filet which was spectacular.  Wonderful service that you'd expect for the price range.  Highly recommended!Amazing food, great service, and even better view! Breakfast on the patio on a Sunday afternoon can't be beat! Don't do Vegas without going to Mon Ami!One of my family's favorite spots to have breakfast. We love sitting outside and being able to be right on the strip. Even though we're locals, we like to go here when we want to feel like we're on vacation. The service is always excellent and the servers are always accommodating with the weather conditions. They acknowledge if the sun is in our eyes and if they need to move the umbrellas, or if we need the heaters on. They're very good with adjusting for comfort. They also provide crayons and paper for the young children we have with us. This doesn't always happen at high end places. I've never been disappointed here and I always recommend it to all of my out of town friends.We chose Mon Ami Gabi when passing through Vegas (we visit often).  We wanted to treat our children to a nice place without going too fancy (they were ages 1, 4 and 6).  We all loved it!  The Steak Frites were delicious and the kids meals are fun and big portioned.  We mainly chose this because our children love the bellagio fountains.  We sat out on the patio on a perfect 80 degree evening in April.  Only disappointment was about halfway through our dinner a large bus parked right out front and blocked our view.  Absolutely absurd!!!!  Definitely killed the ambiance.  I feel bad for the restaurant and its patrons that this no doubt occurs on a regular basis.  We still loved the place though!  Can't wait to return!J'adore Mon Ami Gabi. The whipped cauliflower is to die. My fiance and I shared the seafood platter - fresh, flavorful, and enough to feed two people. Ambiance is very romantic and it's also good for intimate groups. We are definitely going back for our mini-moon!stopped in for a business lunch. this sort of place usually isn't my cup of tea but I will come back for the french onion soup alone. It was almost $10 and worth it. as if I wasn't full enough the steak frites arrived at the table. there was a blue cheese sauce on it. the fries were the perfect size and cooked perfectly. the steak had good flavor. it cost almost $25!! worth every penny. they also serve burgers so I need to come back and give one of them a try. if you like french food then you will love this place. there is really something on the menu for everyone.This is one of my go to breakfast places in Las Vegas love the service and food and especially the view if you are sitting outside.My boyfriend took me here for Valentine's Day and oh man, was it amazing ! As mentioned in the other reviews, the view of the Bellagio Fountains Show is beautiful ! The service was wonderful. We never had to ask for anything. The waitress makes you feel welcomed and special by speaking to you like an actual person rather than JUST a customer. The Shrimp Gabi was savory, melt in your mouth, flavor ! The steak was tender, soft, and so yummy. I don't even like veggies and I enjoyed the green beans ! 

Don't come here without trying the Shrimp Gabi. Really. Okay ?Wife and i came here for dinner.  This is our second time here.  We both shared the peppercorn steak and the filet minion merlot.  Both medium rare.  It was EXCELLENT!!  Both plates were served with lightly salted crispy flat stringy fries, very good.  We also ordered the French onion soup,  highly recommend!   Our drink for the evening was a large decanter of sangria.  Oh man, that was tasty!   This place will be a regular stop now when in Vegas!  Cheers!!!!!Professional job...can't complain... staff was pleasant...food was nice... view from outside was really enjoyable...winner.Great food for a reasonable price, and quick sitting even without a reservation. Sit outside along the Strip and have a non-stop fountain show from the Bellagio, and people watch the tourists in-between.We had a group of folks who had a reservation here. We were seated quickly on the patio and got some amazing seats. This steakhouse has excellent menu items and I would recommend it to others. I had classic steak which was amazing. The fries are excellent and to top it off the chocolate mousse was yummy.we made a reservation for dinner on saturday night and got a great table almost on the patio, with a beautiful view of the bellagio water show. the wines by the glass, steak frites and roast chicken were very good and very reasonable. the portions were huge and service was very nice. it's a lovely restaurant amidst the surrounding vegas madness.Last breakfast in Vegas.  Sat right on the edge of the patio overlooking the strip and the Bellagio fountains.

Coffee
Chicken and Apple Crepe
Egg white omelet
Fruit Parfait

All excellent, and can't beat the location.I had no background information on this restaurant, and low expectations for a place located so near the front door of a casino.

I was expecting high prices and mediocre food. So we ventured further into the casino, looking at restaurants and menus, all the way to Bally's. That's when we realized that the restaurant we were meant to go to was way back at the first place we looked, Mon Ami Gabi.

I love hanger steak, and it was on the menu for a mere $20. We went on a Friday night, no reservations, and were seated immediately with a choice of the patio or inside. We opted for inside, and were given seats right at the patio window. Best of both worlds, it turned out, because we had all the views of the patio and Bellagio fountains, and all the warmth of the interior.

We are not gut-buster buffet eaters.  In fact, listening to some frantic gamblers that evening talk about how they stuffed themselves silly on a comped buffet turned us right off of trough feeding. 
So we ordered the hanger steak, medium rare, and a frisee salad with bacon and soft poached egg, and a glass of wine.

Loved the sauce, coupled with the thin, crisp fries that came with the steak. And I adored all that warm yummy yolk oozing into my salad dressing. 

Fresh, hot, crusty baguette and a pot of soft butter came to the table, along with a few mouthfuls of fine carrot salad.  We didn't need more bread, but it was so good we got a second baguette and used it to soak up the sauces of our two dishes.

On short trips, I rarely frequent one place multiple times, but felt that a breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi would be good. It was good, and we sat outside this time in the sunshine, just as the Bellagio waters were springing into action.
This time, unfortunately, we were in a hurry, so the experience wasn't as enjoyable. But even with more time to linger, we still would have preferred dinner there over breakfast. Of particular note in the breakfast was the bacon. Thick, streaky, but not overly fatty, flat. Like it had been roasted rather than fried. Yum.

Why 4 stars, rather than 5? I love hanger steak. I love hanger steak even more when that one strand of fiber is quietly cut from the length of the steak before it's cooked and becomes virtually impossible to remove without mincing the whole piece up.  Floss is one item the TSA will still let me take on a plane, I'd don't need it in my steak. Two quick slashes and it's gone, it's so easy and will vastly improve anyone's enjoyment of the dish.

Given the opportunity, I'd definitely come back for dinner. 

For what it's worth, Ibrahim was my dinner server, and Brenda was my breakfast. Thanks!Amazing!! I'm normally not a huge breakfast person, but my girlfriend and I went there for brunch before a long workday. I ordered the spinach and asparagus omelet and she got the mushroom omelet.  Both were so delicious! Then we splilt the blueberry french toast-definitely would recommend this for sweet lovers! Blueberry syrup sounded strange to me...boy was I wrong! Topped with fresh blueberries and whipped cream, we were in heaven! 
Service was prompt and they kept our coffees filled. Best food I've had in Vegas by far. Loved it!!4.5 stars.

This place is awesome.  We booked a reservation at 8 PM, with the intention of waiting an extra hour to secure outside seating.  I can understand how this may be annoying to those not in the know.  We planned for it so we didn't really mind waiting around.

When we finally made it outside, it was perfect.  Absolutely perfect.  Nice warm evening, table for 2 right on the street with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains.  So romantic!

Extremely nice service, although maybe a bit too hands-off for some.  We didn't mind being left alone but we did have to flag our waitress down for the check.  The carrot soup was pretty good and the filet mignon with merlot butter was great.  For dessert, we couldn't decide between the warm berry crumble and the creme brulee so of course we had to order both.  The crumble was massive and very good.  Judging from the bits of creme brulee I was able to wrangle away from the husband when he wasn't looking - yeah, he's a fan - it was just ok.  

Fabulous coffee.

Plus, after staring at $15 glasses of wine and $25 appetizers in the face all weekend, it was nice to have a great moderately priced meal without sacrificing taste and ambiance.If there was only one place I could eat breakfast/brunch when I go to Vegas, it's here. This place is a must-have every trip. 

I've never had a bad experience in the several times I've been here. The line is never very long to get in, the wait staff is always taking care of your drinks, and the food is absolutely delicious. Their croque madame is probably one of my top 5 favorite dishes I've ever had in my life. I've never ordered anything else, but I've had bites of other people's food, and that is just as good. Their burgers, eggs benedict, omelettes, french toast, crepes...everything is just so good!

I can't recommend this place enough, no matter where you are staying in Vegas. Getting some of the best food while sitting outside with a great view of the Strip...how can you beat that?Features:
-For Hors D'oeuvres, we had the Wild Escargots de Bourgogne.  The roasted snails with garlic-herb butter was so delicious, each escargot melted so softly in my mouth.  Do listen to yelp reviewers and order this!
-We shared the filet mignon (3 of the 3 ounces) and it was delicious.  Although, I do recall that we ordered it to be medium rare, the meat came out nearly well done.  Regardless, the meat was still good.  This gourmet meal was well prepared.  

Improvements:
-I wish we got what we asked for (medium rare filet mignon).  
-The bread was too hard, I had to peel it apart to eat the inside because it was scratching my gums.
-Atmosphere is nice but a little too dark.

Tips:
-Make sure you try the escargot!
-Make a reservation in advance to ensure a table.How many times have I walked right past Paris?  Too many and I won't next time I go to Vegas.  I got stuck in Paris when my room at Ballys wasn't ready or reserved for me.  I found out about this place reading an article about George Wallace, who said he liked to eat here and people watch, loved the prommes frites and steak.  I made a reservation and that's what I had, along with some very good escargot, wine, creme brulee for desert, and of course wine.  My waiter really was French, polite, prompt and attentive.  The food was excellent I have no complaints, in fact I came back the next night and waited for a table outside.  Unlike others I could actually hear the music across the street while watching the light and water show.  Again, the service was prompt, escargot wasn't as spicy as the night before, and I went with scallops which was just as delicious as the steak.  Also, I tried their saute'd brussel sprouts, delicious, the leaves are separated and saute'd in butter, quite tasty and the only way I will ever eat this vegetable.  I'll be back here to dine next week for sure!I just had brunch here on Easter Sunday with my sister, brother-in-law, and a few friends.

Service was fairly prompt and efficient, but not too friendly for the entire meal. Ironically/coincidentally, he became quite friendly and talkative at the end of the meal after we asked for the check.

We were served freshly baked mini baguettes and a creamy butter. We also asked for some jam that seemed to be freshly made strawberry jam. All of the above were quite good.

We ordered shrimp cocktail, a tuna salad dish, corned beef hash with poached egg, and brioche french toast with blueberries and macerated blueberry sauce.

I was told the tuna salad was not fresh and barely edible. I personally ate the corned beef hash with a poached egg and the aforementioned french toast. I'd give the CB hash a 3.5; it was a bit mushy for me, I prefer to have my CB hash to be crisped in the pan to provide some texture and also to be seasoned a bit more. After adding some salt, pepper, and tabasco it was closer to a 4 star dish. The poached egg was OK, but not perfectly poached as so few ever are; would've preferred it to be a bit runnier.

They used a nice thick brioche bread for the french toast, dipped it in a light custard before cooking. Topped it with a very light vanilla whipped cream and blueberries. Then served it with their macerated blueberry sauce (which is listed as maple syrup on their website's menu, but has no maple taste to it at all). I REALLY enjoyed this french toast, with the blueberry sauce it wasn't overly sweet. In fact, it was barely sweet at all. This french toast and the one stuffed with vanilla bean custard and fresh raspberries at Bellagio Cafe are the 2 best in town.

If I was writing a review purely on the french toast here, I would give them 5 stars...but since I have to take everything else in to account they get a 4 for now until I try something else. I will definitely be back to eat the french toast again.it's pricey, but definitely not the most pricey if tou're going for something a little fancier. The setting is very romantic, and the staff was polite and friendly. If you have a bit extra to spend, give it a shot. The food is delicious.Cosy and romantic place for a relax dinner and it is conveniently located along the strip. Look out for Paris Eiffel Tower, follow towards that direction and the restaurant is just next to it. Ask for patio seating where you can see the beautiful water fountain show just across the road. Service and food is good, feels as if I'm having a holiday in Europe.

Seafood platter @$54 (comes with 4 pieces of prawns, 2 pieces of lobsters, 4 pieces of oysters and appetizer of salmon and avocado salad with toasted bread. Seafood is good but it is quite pricey for the at amount of seafood that we are getting. 8/10 

Service is good and I love the ambience of the place. Very cosy and I feel as if I'm having my dinner in Europe.

Tips: 
Ask for patio seating, you can see the water fountain show just across the street.Been here twice now: Once for dinner and once for brunch.

Dinner was definitely good especially if you get to sit on the balcony overlooking the strip and the bellagio fountain. Food and service were excellent as well.

Brunch though, by far was a much better experience. Sat out in the balcony as well but the food was amazing. The cornbeef hash my gf had was the best i've had.

The wait was 30 min. which was to be expected on a Sunday around 11AM.

Will come here again for brunch... and so should you.

Good to take friends, family, coworkers, date, and customers.
Make sure to sit out on balcony and take sunglasses during the day.This restaurant is situated within Paris hotel and is right across from the magical Bellagio, what's not to like? Even though you can certainly make reservations, if you want to sit at the patio area facing the Bellagio, you will have to go and wait in line. We were there a weekday night and had a 45 minute wait.

The appetizers were delicious - please do me a favor and eat all the mac and cheese for me. We also had the Pomme Puree (mashed potatoes) which were absolutely divine. The mushrooms were meh but if you really do want a vegetable dish, go ahead and order them. Otherwise, your steak comes with a side of salad.

The servers were very knowledgeable about the type of steak and everything that goes into it, so if you want them to describe every single bit of condiments that go in, they would do that happily (also in a french accent). I was so full from my steak but I have an extra stomach for dessert so why not?

We had the creme brulee - not recommended as it paled in comparison to creme brulee that you would have at other equally priced restaurants. However, the banana foster crepe was truly divine. What a pleasant surprise when we dug into it further and came across vanilla ice-cream stuffed in the middle.

I would absolutely come here again, for a mixture of food, pleasure, and that magical Bellagio!We found this restaurant while looking for a place near Planet Hollywood as we had tickets for a show there. With rather modest expectations, this place was a find! 
We sat inside as it was cool and windy outside and U am glad we did. Decorated as a local French neighborhood restaurant, with no views of the casino, you feel like you are really there.
Billy our server, was fun and helpful with the menu options. We started with drinks, me a Manhattan and Lisa, a martini. Both were perfect.
I ordered the Ahi tuna and unlike many places that overlook it, they seared it, with a rare center. Perfect. Billy, suggested a Bordeaux wine by the glass that finished the meal.
We liked it so much, we are going back in Sunday for the Beef Wellington special!Came here for a late lunch and got seated at the patio within 10 mins
You should always ask for the patio seating if the weather is nice because it is right across from the Bellagio fountain
Service was good and the food is not too expensive and pretty good! I would definitely come back again :)Ambiance - superb (very French)
View of the strip - fantastic 
Food - delicious
Price - not expensive, not cheap, but worth it. 

I wish I would have realized they only serve breakfast until 11 am (they do serve a limited brunch menu), but brunch was still great. I got Eggs Benedict - my husband French toast - and both were delicious. Really wanted to try the pancakes - but maybe next time! 

I highly Recommend this place - little pricey but worth it. We didn't wait at all to sit inside - and we went on Saturday around 12:30.Actually I am not big fan their food....

Their bread is awesome!!!
I usually eat many bread then don't eat my main... hahaha.

The service is nice and the mood of the restaurant is a fancy.
You can see the Fountain Show at Bellagio if you seat at the terrace.Such a wonderful date night. We sat outside with a view of the  fountain show and the Eiffel Tower. Shared a bottle of buttery cold Chardonnay, the cold seafood platter, and the hanger steak. The best part of our experience was our server billy. Even though he was super busy, he still made us feel like his only table. Thank you mon ami gabi! We'll be back for sure!Our friends took us to this location for dinner because they live in town and know the good places to eat. This restaurant is located in the Paris complex and I thought it was very good. I had the onion soup, the filet mignon merlot, and a glass of the house Pinot noir. We were too full for dessert. We sat outside right at where the indoors and patio meet and were able to see the Bellagio water show, which was cool.

I never give a restaurant 5 stars because there is always something to be proved upon. But this restaurant is as close to the real thing in Paris as you will get when you are in Las Vegas.Yummy and cute place...

Came here with my mom, sister and niece based on high recommendations from hubby.  

They had a sangria that was so tasty that my sis and I finished the whole pitcher!

Their hand cut frites are to die for!  Like nothing I ever had.  Their steak with butter was not too bad.  Mom ordered the duck l'orange which she loved.  Niece couldn't stop talking about the french onion soup and escargots she had.Dined here for my first time on a Sunday evening. We originally wanted a seat on the patio so we could have a view of the fountain across the street however the wait was an hour so instead we chose to sit inside and got sat right away. The food was amazing, our waitress was excellent and brought everything out in a timely manner. We got the baked goat cheese as an appetizer and I ordered the filet mignon. I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're looking for an elegant and delicious dining experience.The service was great! I made reservations and as soon as We arived they had a table for us. Great food and nicely mannered personal. I will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas!Looking forward to going back to Vegas for Mon Ami! Loved their food, the atmosphere is beautiful, and the staff is super friendly! 

It was one of the only sunny days in Vegas while we were there and we got to enjoy a wonderful lunch in the middle outdoor/indoor area. 

Everything we tried at the table was good. Even the bread... I wanted to eat it all but couldn't because I wanted to save room for everything else! I had the lobster roll and I really enjoyed it. So light yet buttery and just the right amount of crisp. Tried the baked brie and scallops as a starter and wow I was blown away. The scallops were super cheesy but really, really good. The brie speaks for itself, who doesn't love brie! 

We also shared 2 salads at the table. I believe one was a kale salad and I forget what the other one was... but they were both once again... really good!

Shared the creme brulee for dessert and had no complaints there- was yummy till the last bite :)

You won't be disappointed, give it a try!Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorites. This evening I had the vinaigrette salad with sweet bacon and poached eggs....so very good. A delicious tender steak with fresh herb butter and frittes. So enjoyable while watching the fountains of Bellagio. Ignore some of these cruel reviews and trust this review.Okay let's start by saying that this has instantly become one of my favorite restaurants after this first visit of mine!!!

This is my 9th visit to Vegas in the past 2 years and have never been to mon ami gabi until now. I've always wanted to but just never had the chance to! And I cannot believe on what I was missing out on! Let's start by the staff being super friendly! And of course the location, dead center of the strip across the bellagio fountains in the Paris hotel! Cocktails were on point! My favorite was the Parisian Romance! Next we're the AMAZING appetizers! The escargot that was covered in garlic has to be my favorite! We also had the mussels and the duck which was just as yummy! I had the mushroom soup and it is the BEST! I can't forget the warm and toasty bread they serve you with butter and carrot musse! Then came the desserts...we had creme brûlée and the white chocolate bread pudding which was so heavenly to the last bite! I look forward to coming back here again and again and will make sure I try everything on their menu! So glad to know that they have one in Chicago! Hopefully they are just as good as the one here in Vegas! Prices were very reasonable and worth it! Definitely will be back and hope you will enjoy it just as much as I do! Bon appetit!I really love their eggs Benedict, even though the muffin was hard to cut through it wasn't hard to chew. Delicious! I'm not a big fan of black coffee, but their coffee was the best coffee I've had. Their hash browns were good just how they came out. No need for any condiments. They deserve the five stars. It left me satisfied.I LOVE this place so much!!! My husband and I went 2 months ago and we have been thinking about coming back. The soup is my favorite thing here, to be honest. Everything else is classy and fine, though! You can easily leave with a $60-100 bill depending what you order, but it's worth it for a really nice date. It is on the strip so definitely get a reservation. I would also recommend this as a gift card idea!Such a wonderful surprise to have a great dinner in the midst of the hustle and bustle of the strip. The baked goat cheese is a must! Yum!Always a sure stop while in Vegas. 

Wait service is consistently excellent as is the beautiful French food and wine... Filet mignon, steak frites, scallops... The reception desk is usually not very friendly (something they should really work on), but everything else about this place makes up for the arrogance of stressed out 20-something divas.the good: 
prices were decent, seafood appetizer tower was pretty fresh, bread perfect and hot, 
scallop entree was decent, fries and their potato chips were awesome ( i'm still craving them right now!), servers were pretty good.

the bad:
the hostess working at the podium on the morning of Christmas Eve needs to tone down her attitude or needs to be replaced. this is what ensued between her and a coworker:
Diva ( speaking to coworker): Get the pager from that customer.
Coworker: trying to do something with the menus she's holding
Diva: Pager! get the Pager! (this is while she's snapping her fingers and pointing at the customer walking by with the pager)
Coworker: "i heard you the first time!"

 *she must be a joy to work with*

here's how it went with me and the Diva:
Me: Three please.
Diva: It'll be 15-20 min outside
Me: Okay.
 * This is where she gets retarded. She just stares at me. I get uncomfortable. I'm thinking "don't you need to take down my name or give me a pager?"

Me: Um, aren't I supposed to get a pager?

*only then does she hand me the dang pager. Diva/bimbo doesn't even apologize for her momentary brain fart. ^Thinking is so hard.This is one of my favorite on strip breakfast spots.  The food is always on point and I love to people watch on the patio.  They don't take reservations for the patio so come early or prepare for a wait.  My favorite menu items are eggs benedict and croque madame.  Hubby loves the bananas foster waffle or french toast and american breakfast.  I've never had any issues with service.  They are kid friendly.  My daughter who is in love with all things French loves to sit on the patio and pretend she is in Paris.If you dine here splurge for the filet in the red wine sauce!!! The scallops are fantastic but I don't like polenta so if it had a different side I would of loved it. Great wine selection. The French onion soup is amazing! We had a reservation and got right in.As a huge fan of all things breakfast and brunch, I turned to Yelp for a recommendation and again Yelp came to the rescue!  My husband and I were seated in the sunny (but still cool, which is very important in Vegas) sun room of Mon Ami Gabi for brunch and started off with their crab cakes (well, 1 crab cake actually) which was delicious and unlike other crab cakes we've had, this one did not seem to have much filler and had huge chunks of crab!  I enjoyed my fresh blueberry french toast and my husband devoured his seafood crepe which had scallops and shrimp as big as my ear!  Service was friendly and overall it was a wonderful meal and experience.  We'll definitely be back!Well... Oohh la Laaa!!! :)

This place is great!!!

Greeted by a nice lady at the front and was seated quickly. The waitor was nice and pleasant. He went over the wine list with me and seemed very knowledgeable about what they had to offer.
Sweeet!!

We didn't have any starters, we just ordered dinner.

I went for the fish and chips...

Now this is odd as this is a more English dish rather than French... Ohh well, odd but I fancied it.... Ohh my THIS WAS THE YUMMIEST BLOODY COD I'VE EVER HAD.... Wooosh

Everyone else at my table went for the stake so obviousely I had to try some steak from my sister's plate... (hee heee) And yes, the steaks were really tastey and juicy....

I really like their chips too... slim and crispy and not too oily... So enjoyed that too...

The price was reasonable and we all had a good time here.. Really hope to be back soon... :)Upon entering the restaurant, the hostess greeted us and sat us down quickly. The food was amazing here, but the service was a bit on the slower side. We had lunch around 1:00 PM on a Monday afternoon. 

We started off with a French Onion soup. A must try as it is one of the best French Onion Soups I've had. The cheese, onion, and bread are all perfectly proportioned in the soup and the flavor is great. 

I ordered the COBB salad without the blue cheese. All the ingredients were fresh and tasted delicious. The salad was not over or under dressed. Lettuce was crisp and the avocado was perfect in ripeness. 

My friend ordered the Croque Monsieur with fries. The bread was crispy and the ingredients inside tasted delicious. Again, it was perfectly sauced so you can taste every ingredient in each bite.Great place! Have been there once. Their bread and french onion soup was amazing! they also had great seafood.Love this place. Been there two times, each for dinner. Service is not great but the food is! Ask to sit by the windows so you can enjoy the fountains! AND there are 2 bars, go sit at the one towards the fountains near the front rather than the one at the hostess station.My wife wanted Paris, I wanted brunch, so we settled for Mon Ami Gabi, in the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas.  With a little bit of patients (about 20 minutes for a patio table), we where able to have a lovely brunch overlooking the fountain show at the Bellagio.  I truly feel that the setting made the food a bit better then it really was. it is more like a 3.5 star review but WTFI was in Vegas for the last week of April on vacation and we decided to eat at Mon Ami Gabi for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. We had reservations for 9pm but then realized we'd be best off walking to the restaurant (from the Mirage) which would take a bit of time so I bumped it back to 9:30. Wouldn't you know we arrived a few minutes after 9pm afterall! The restaurant was PACKED with a line for people without reservations and a line for people with reservations. Luckily we had reservations and although early, we were seated right away. 

We were hoping for a seat on the outside patio area but that would have added a 45 minute wait so we ended up in a covered area between the inside and outside. The doors to the patio were open so we had a clear view into the night and a pretty awesome view of the Bellagio fountains across the street!

Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal. The bread they brought with butter was delicious. Hard to stop eating but I had to because I'd ordered a soup appetizer. I went with the creamy mushroom soup. If you like mushrooms you'll definitely enjoy this soup! And how could I resist dipping some bread into it? I couldn't. But I will say that the soup was so delicious, I preferred the soup solo without the added heaviness of the bread. 

I ordered the hangar steak with frites, med rare. My friend (she ordered a different cut) also ordered steak and frites but her steak was unevenly cooked. She still enjoyed and at it all! But did want to share that. My steak on the other hand was perfectly cooked. She wasn't crazy about the frites (too crunchy) but I loved them! I couldn't stop munching away on them even after feeling FULL! 

Our waiter was extremely attentive without being obnoxious, the third person in our group sneakily told the waiter it was my friend's birthday and they brought her out a dessert. I'm not sure what it was exactly but we all ate from it and really enjoyed it! It was delicious! Ok looked up the menu. It must have been profiteroles. Yummy!

Good food, great service, excellent experience, and enough variety on the menu that if you're on a budget you can eat well without breaking the bank. If I ever return to Las Vegas, I will absolutely look to return to Mon Ami Gabi.Went twice for breakfast - much easier to get in early.  The patio seating in nice - especially for people watching, but a good meal can be had anywhere inside.

The eggs benedict and steak and eggs were huge, and the muffins are pretty tasty and filling too.  The make-your-own Bloody Mary's is a fun diversion - you're your own best or worst enemy there.

Friendly hostesses and servers, lots of life and activity.  Great laid back restaurant.Pretty decent place for dinner. Went in with a party of 8 ladies and I ordered the steak roquefort (steak with blue cheese sauce) and a French 75, one of their cocktails. The steak wasn't pretty decent and I loved their hand-cut fries that came along with it. I was also a fan of the bread and carrot salad that came before we got our meals.

We were drinking our cocktails as we were waiting for our food to arrive. As we were talking, we were surrounded by a group of 5-6 beautiful men who came out of nowhere and served us plates and plates of meat. That was awesome.Mon Ami Gabi seems like a tourist trap when you walk by as you see all the patrons sitting on the patio looking out towards the strip and across the street from the beautiful Bellagio fountain display.

It's anything but a tourist trap.

This restaurant is phenomenal. We ordered the full plate of mussels (you can order a half plate also) and they were large, plentiful and delicious. The broth that it was made it went perfectly with the loaf of bread provided.

The seared scallops were cooked to perfection along with the medley of string green beans, asparagus and corn.

My colleague ordered a French Onion soup with I sampled and it was very good also.

The best thing about the dinner was the service. Our waitress was patient, and gave great wine pairing recommendations and wine tastings. Her energy and enthusiasm was contagious and you can tell she loves her job - which means she's being treated right by the restaurant!

Can't wait to go back again.Scott O is the sweetest , most attentive person to have served in this environment. We had a great table , across the street from the Bellagio, Scott was sweet enough to point us to a fantastic wine to compliment our dinner. And suggested the best caramel creme brûlée  easy going and top notch service and careEhh.... I don't get the hype behind this place.  It's really pricey.  If my company wasn't paying for it, I probably wouldn't get dinner here.  

Ordered:

Onion Soup Au Gratin - 6/10.  It was a good onion soup to be sure, but for $11... I dunno about that.

Filet Mignon w Merlot Wine Reduction - 7/10.  This was a beautifully cooked steak.  Maybe I'm just over $40 steaks at restaurants when I feel like I can make a better one using my sous vide at home.  There are still some steakhouses that outdo me and my sous vide, but this place wasn't one of them. The merlot reduction was tasty though.

The free table side bread is a solid 7/10.  

View - 8/10.  

So that places this kind of in the 3.5star range. I do have to note, you want to sit outside.  The view of the Bellagio fountains from these seats is amazing.  It's honestly a better view than from the Bellagio restaurants themselves (thinking Olives, Picasso, etc), since you get to watch the show head on instead of from a side angle.THIS IS A FIVE STAR BRUNCH PLACE!!!!! We were told by a server from Kumi that we should come here for brunch. We woke up early and walked all the way from Mandalay Bay to Paris hotel to go to the restaurant and it DID NOT disappoint, sit on the PATIO, the VIEW is spectacular as it's across from the Bellagio.  The mimosas were great, the service was attentive and the Eggs Benedict Florentine with Artichokes was everything!!!!!!!!! Who needs potatoes when they blister some tomatoes as your side and the eggs were poached PERFECTLY!!!!! You will want to make sure that you visit this restaurant...... A1I have been to Mon Ami Gabi four times, sitting on the patio each time and enjoyed every second each visit. A must experience with great food, service and view for a reasonable price for the amazing location! Simply perfect.Mon Ami Gabi is not terribly fancy and not terribly expensive either...which made it a great place for lunch! If you make reservations it's for inside seating only. Outside seating is first come, first serve! You get a great view of the strip and you are pretty much right across the Bellagio fountains.

I am not one to turn down free food...so I inhaled the bread and butter they start you off with. Love the butter. It tasted very light. My friend got the prime rib sandwich and LOVED it. Seriously would not stop raving about it. I was afraid to try some because I did not want to take away their joy. I got the chicken and mushroom crepe which was pretty decent and satisfying. It was my first time having a savory crepe (I've had many sweet!) and won't be my last thanks to Mon Ami Gabi.I'm not sure how much this 1003rd review can add.  This place is great.  We had breakfast - crepes.  Thine eyes roll back from the memory of them still fresh in my brain.  

Go there, now if you can.This has been my ultimate brunch fantasy thus far in Vegas.... a melt-in-your mouth croque-monsieur served patio-side with a view of the Bellagio fountains blazing off like old faithful, a beautiful lady to enjoy it with (my fiancee) and mimosas to wash it all down... magical / ideal / perfection...
I had been looking to dine here for quite sometime and could not have chosen a better time to do so. Mon Ami Gabi has all of your frenchy favorites and libations to make your experience magnifique! My only gripe was that the service was very low-energy, and strait-faced... something I've begun to expect from anything affixed to the Paris hotel. 
Nevertheless, this a place where you yourself can make the most of your experience, not the staff. Sit outside any time of the day for a pleasant atmosphere and a delicious meal. Bon appetit!Mon Ami Gabi had been on my wish list for quite some time. The most recent trip to Vegas allowed me to finally go this establishment and I was not disappointed.

First Mon Ami Gabi is located right on the Vegas strip with both an indoor and outdoor section with a nice view of the fountains at the Bellagio casino across the strip. We decided to eat indoors since it was over 100 degrees that day. 

I ordered a mixture of appetizers that included the French Onion Soup/Onion Soup Au Gratin, the Chicken Liver Mousse Pate, and the Baked Goat Cheese. The goat cheese I'd only seen on a Spanish menu before so I was interested in comparing them. Mon Ami's take was nice and creamy with a tomato sauce surrounding it and a slice of French bread with an herb garlic mix on top to scoop up the food with. The Pate was nice and creamy and served with some toasted bread to it with. The Onion Soup was good but not as thick with cheese as I would have liked but had good flavor nonetheless.

My son got Prime Steak Sandwich which was served with Mon Ami's thinly sliced fries. He devoured it and especially liked the au jos sauce to dip it in.

My niece ordered the Cheeseburger that was served with fries as well and loved it.

The one drawback was my wife got the classique steak. Mon Ami has several steak preparations but uses the same cut for each one. My wife said it wasn't the greatest piece of meat so she was slightly disappointed.

Despite that we would gladly go back to Mon Ami Gabi and I was happy to finally check this restaurant off my list.Really good food and excellent service! The terrace is really nice. The location is perfect, with views to the Bellagio fountains. We had the steaks with different sauces and they were all really good. The meat was cooked just like each one of us said they wanted it and the quality was really good. I had the sea scallops which were amazingly tasty! The only thing we didnt like was that our table was right under the air conditioning and some of us were cold. We asked the waitress to turn it down but she couldnt and instead, she brought some blankets. Totally recommendable!Had a wonderful breakfast.  Peach crepe, fresh, delicious!  The best cappuccino and great service.  Perfect view of Bellagio while sitting inside air conditioning.  Omelette with mushroom and Brie, awesome.  Raspberry jam was incredible.Steak Frites for under $30 that is better than the $60 steak I had at N9NE the night before.  And the Duck Confit.  Sooooo good.  

This was the most unexpected meal I've ever had in Vegas.  It is now a regular stop for us when in Vegas.  We can enjoy a great meal but not have to drop $100 in order to do it.Outstanding place for people and fountain-watching on the patio.  Superb fresh oysters.  And moules. Wines are pricey, but service is professional but also warm.  Great place for a lazy Sunday.mon ami! Came here for brunch. Such a cute place. Had the poached eggs, corned beef and hash browns. I'm a huge fan of corned beef and this was really good. Also came with toast, butter and jam. Service was good. I would definitely come back to try more things. Maybe dinner next time!Ate breakfast here on Valentine's Day 2015, on point had Nutella waffles with chicken sausages, delicious! Hubby had an omelette and a breakfast croissant delicious as well.Great food. We frequent every 2 months or so. We really enjoy the location and the option for outdoor seating. Sitting outdoors puts you right in the middle of the buzzing strip action and a great view of the Bellagio water show.  I highly recommend the steak or a fish special. Moderately priced for the amount of food you receive.Finally, we had time to try this place. We made a reservation, (recommended), showed up a little early but we still got seated right away. 

All the tables in this place and they put us at a little table tucked in the corner right by the windows of the patio and in direct sunlight! Thank goodness it wasn't too warm, but did have a lot of glare!

We ordered a couple of apps, the warm brie cheese, black pepper honey hazlenuts and croutons, and the jumbo crabcake with citron butter. The berie cheese was super warm, gouy and very good, a few cloves of roasted garlic, soft hazlenuts so good! The crab cake was very fresh, crab rich and the butter with a splash of acid in the lemon was right up there on the elite list of ceab cakes. Definetly recommend both apps!

I also love french onion soup and ordered a bowl, it was cheesy and rich in beef broth, plenty of onions could have used just a bit more baguette, but overall very good.

For the main event we both got the steak and frites, basically a very thin steak with some thinly cut fries. It was delicious but nothing more then just steak and fries. 

Finally we had the white chocolate bread pudding, not that good, dry needed the ice cream and the chocolate cake, at least it was warm and very moist smoothered in two types of sauces and walnut sprinkles. 

Very good service food was overall good, wouldn't mind trying their breakfast!,We came here for a Monday lunch.  We were serviced right away.  The indoor dining room was empty, but the outdoor and the atrium was quite busy.  

Food was excellent.  Steak frites was the best.  Thin steak and crunchy fries were like going back to Paris.  Awesome.  I will definitely be back again.Highly recommend the breakfasts here. Great environment, good service and delicious food! Also very reasonably priced! Will definitely be back on my next visit to VegasI didn't realize how many French restaurants there are in Vegas! I think they have as many French restaurants as they do slot machines! Ok, ok, you got me, I'm exaggerating there but there are seriously a LOT of French places. 

On my most recent trip (don't judge me, yeah I know I go to Vegas a lot but seriously...its the palce to BEEEE, plus it was the Mayweather vs. Ortiz fight!! COME ON!) So we decided to go to a nicer place for dinner and get ourselves out of the habit of always going to a buffet (although I still LOVE buffets). So we made reservations the day of at like 2pm for 6:15pm so getting a reservation was super easy! 

After hours of lounging by the pool and shopping, we were ready for a goood meal! My girlfriends and I went to Mon Ami because it wasn't too expensive and we knew we'd be getting a pretty good meal. I guess I'll break it down by what each person got...

Girlfriend #1
Hanger Steak with Mashed Potatoes (I uploaded a picture of it). This was pretty good, she ended up needing steak sauce but that's because she likes the tang of A-1 but I probably could have gone without it! The mashed potatoes were amazing!!

Girlfriend #2
Hanger Steak with garlic spinach and the half order of mussels. The garlic spinach tasted like this dish my mom makes. Typically served in Korean restaurants but it was wayyy more mooshier, tasted good, but didn't like that it was so mooshy. The mussels are realllly good! The sauce was a bit salty so make sure you save some bread or ask for more! Really delicious!

Girlfriend #3
Hanger steak with the fries (thinly cut potatoes that are deep fried not really fries) and a side of garlic spinach. She decided not to substitute her fries and she was glad she didn't. The fries really complimented her steak well. 

ME!!!
Rose, French Onion Soup, and the Seared Salmon. The rose was good, you can never go wrong with a rose. The French onion was good but the broth was a little bit...sour? I don't know if they were having an off day or if that's just how it was supposed to taste. It was too sweet (I guess it's hard to not make onion soup not salty since onions just get sweet when cooked) and sour...it was not the best. The seared salmon was served on top of a puree of green peas and although it was good and I ate all of it, I thought it was an interesting pairing. I don't know if I'd order it again...actually I probably wouldn't order it again nor would I recommend it. 

Service is EXCELLENT!!!! The view (if you sit outside) is awesome since you get the watch the Bellagio watershow front and center! So I guess for that Mon Ami you get 4 stars from me. :)Excellent meal! I dined at Mon Ami Gabi while in Vegas on business and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised with my meal. When I was first told where our dinner reservations were I was somewhat hesitant as french food is not usually my first choice. However, I ended up being pleasantly surprised. Our table was located on the patio and we had incredible views of the Bellagio fountains (sounds of the fountains often interrupted our conversation but this was not a big deal). Despite dining during the dinner crush, our server never missed a beat even when our party went from three to five. Our drinks were always full and requests fulfilled almost immediately. I ordered one of their steak and frittes dishes and was amazed at the quality of the meat and the overall presentation and flavor. The steak was one of the most tender steaks that I have ever had and although served with a sauce, required nothing to make it taste great. The frittes were were cut to the perfect thickness and had just the right amount of seasoning. What keeps this restaurant from receiving a five-star rating is the cramped quarters - you practically have to climb over other dinner guests to get to and from your table. 

Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to dining there during future visits to Las Vegas.What a special place. My husband and I went here after eloping. I made a note on the online reservation form that it was our post-wedding dinner and if possible, we would love a nice table. When we came for our reservation, the line extended out the door and the place was packed. I was hoping we'd just get in, because after all, I've noticed restaurants don't always pay attention to special requests. However, we were seated at a wonderful table for 2 overlooking the Bellagio. We had the honey & brie, scallops and flat iron steak -- all absolutely delicious! At the end of our meal, our waiter brought us a special cream-puff dessert and wished us the best. It was such a special dinner and we couldn't have been happier with our experience. Highly recommend.My husband and I recently moved to Vegas and this is by far our favorite place for steak! The filet mignon with merlot sauce is to die for!! TO. DIE. FOR.....I can't even bring myself to try other dishes on their menu. The chocolate mousse is also delicious and my mother in law loved their creme brulee.  Obviously since its on the strip, its busy. Make sure you make a reservation and sit outside if you can! You won't regret dining here!Nice French Restaurant in Paris is Las Vegas. Hot French bread and excellent food.  Nice size portions that could even be shared. Salads and Appetizers can stand alone for a small meal.  Dessert was delicious.A special birthday breakfast was worth the trip! The mimosas and bloody mary's are only average but the bananas foster waffles, blueberry waffles and caramelized apple pancakes are not to be missed!DH and I dined here during our 2009 trip.  After that, it's on my must-dine list.  J'adore c'est restaurant!  I dined here during my recent trip.  This time I sat at the bar.  My server/bartender, #86, was great and very pleasant.  He helped me choose a great red wine to pair with my dinner.  My dinner was pretty simple, I ordered the steak frites.  I love that dish.  I think the herb butter they put on the steak is perfect!    I think the prices are very reasonable.  This was another great experience and I will be back on the next trip.  Next time I would love to sit outside.  5 stars for the service, ambience, food, drinks, and location!If you are wanting french come here. Bottom line. A friend went around the same time and decided to go to the restaurant in the Eiffel tower. He is a chef and said it was less than stellar. We paid less than half as much.

I was debating where to go for dinner for a birthday, and almost felt bad that I chose the "cheapest" place since the reviews on here seemed to be so good. I didn't mind one bit after, neither did the birthday boy. 

Now mind my memory. It is Vegas and I drank during/after this dinner, and have a hard time remembering the little things.

We had the escargot because it's not something offered in our area back home. My first time trying it so I may be off when I say I loved it! We had two other dishes, but I do not remember them. They were good though.

He had the skate wing which he could not stop praising. He has a more advance palate than me so it must have been good coming from the person who never even compliments five star dining.

I had the scallops which I loved! He didn't enjoy them as much as me. It my dish anyways :)

We sat right at the windows over looking the strip and I can honestly say it was the best moment I had on that trip. Thanks Mon Ami Gabi.An incredible meal no doubt. The service was even better. Probably one of the best pieces of salmon I have ever had and the chocolate mousse... Was incredible. One of the better dining experiences I have had in many years.The best coffee! Even my husband agreed and he's not easily impressed by anything. I would have breakfast here everyday if I could. The bananas foster waffles were do die for. I don't like things too sweet so I didn't add any syrup as the foster sauce was sweet enough. Light fluffy waffles with a nice crisp to it. 

Husband got the pancakes, which aren't pancakes in the American sense of pancakes. But he thought it was ok too. 

We sat inside right by the windows which look out to the al fresco dining and across from the Bellagio fountains. 

It does bring me back to that time we spent frequenting those lovely Parisian bistros. Loved it.


I would also like to add for any parents traveling with small children. They are very kid friendly, offering a kids menu and crayons and paper for them too. It means so much not to have to sacrifice quality and experience in order to accommodate our little ones. They were so sweet to us.Great place to get breakfast! Be sure to come early or make a reservation -- it fills up quickly during busy times.Great experience on patio for lunch on a beautiful December afternoon.Enjoyed entire experience. Excellent food, service and atmosphere.  So many delicious options it was hard to choose.. Went with the Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich which was fantastic. Will be back!Don't let the fact that this place is inside the Paris Casino fool you.

My Friend Gabi, you were so delish.  Paris Casino has dropped from its prime, if it ever was on same level as the other major properties so you wouldn't expect the food at this place to be at such a high level.

Since the wait was crazy long for outdoor seating, I opted for sitting inside which was fine because it reminded me of the autumn brunches and afternoons I had in Paris, very traditional decor inside with dark rich colors.  The tables here just like in Paris are crammed together.  The service was great, I had the plate du jour, which was a Meatloaf Sandwich, this is a classic French Bistro so the bread they give you was incredible enough, and the bread for the sandwich did not disappoint either.  The meat in the sandwich was yummy, but it was rather petite, the fries that accompanied the sandwich was a disappoint though.  They were crispy but too thin for me, and this is a French bistro so why are you offering me ketchup?  I had to ask for mayo, and out comes this big-ass gravy boat of mayo, they didn't have any small sauces cups or something.  Besides the size the mayo tasted like homemade, French people love mayo to the point that they will make their own, and this is not home-made.

Oh I had a drink which was okay too, really decent price, good joint, MAKE RESERVATIONS (online or phone), sit outside unless it is sweltering and enjoy.wonderful food and atmosphere. spotted joey slotnick while having lunch! (nip/tuck fan) service is amazing. word to the wise, make reservations. 

don't expect some champs elyses restaurant and you'll be ok.Great location, great food, great service, reasonable price.  Evening reservation on the patio allowed us to watch the fountains across the street at the Bellagio. Chateauneuf-de-Pape available by the glass was a nice plus.  We went through salad, appetizers, main dish, and deserts and they were all top notch.   Even our 4 year old had a great kids meal.Food: 
We had the Steak Bordelaise w/ caramelized onion & red wine sauce, Salmon entrée w/ pommes purée, mushrooms, red wine sauce, Seafood Crêpe w/ scallops, shrimp, peas & cream, and finally Chicken Broccoli & Cheese Crêpe. 
I requested my steak medium-rare; easy to cut into and very juicy/tender. The salmon had a tad too much black peppercorn than I would've liked and was slightly overcooked, but was still moist on the inside. The pommes purée and red wine sauce made it easy to chew and gave the fish flavor because it doesn't have much seasoning to begin with. The crêpes were different from what you would order from specific crêpe or dessert crêpe shops. One had seafood on the side while filled with green peas and the other one had chicken and plentiful of fillings instead. Nonetheless, both of my friends enjoyed them both. The in-house bread with butter was soft and chewy. It was too bad we did not have enough room in our stomachs to try their savory desserts. We'll go back again for sure the next time we're in Vegas.

Service: We were seated right away after a 5-10 minute line wait since we did not request outdoor patio seating. As first timers to the restaurant and to an authentic French bistro, our server was patient because we were taking long to decide on what to order and was helpful in assisting us. He provided his input and gave general descriptions of the du jour special items. We asked for hot water and he forgot to bring it after he came around twice to our table, the third time he remembered without us asking again. Our waters were filled often and plates were cleaned as soon as we were finished. Excellent service throughout our experience!

Price: 4 entrees, an appetizer and a martini for under $100Such a cool place.  Food was great.  Staff was wonderful. My favorite was the view of the Bellagio water show playing to Frank Sinatra.Never disappoints!  Came for breakfast for the first time, and like every other time I have been here for lunch or dinner, it was amazing!  
Consistency is the key!!!Love it, loved it. First of all my server was amazing. She was so attentive...and I was alone ..usually single tables get ignored but she was on it. I cannot remember the name of my dish because she said it really quickly then described it for me....here it goes: english muffin with a thin slice of london broil, poached egg and hollandaise sauce. yummmm....Wasnt too expensive...my meal was $16 ...because I chose the most expensive item. Coffee was $4 but amazing.Had breakfast here and it was very special. Great location and neat atmosphere. The food was delicious and the bloody Mary bar was a treat. Will definitely return!Very ambiant but very busy. Someone needs to tell the dude crooning into the microphone and megaphone to take a hike. Totally ruined my experience. So annoying. Out of tune and way too loud. Onion soup was great. Loved the warm baguette. Goat cheese salad good but nothing special.Sat outside under heat lamps.  Good service and good food.  Wonderful placeI never really tried these outdoor restaurants on the strip, but this was a first. You would be surprised to find out that you could find a good restaurant like this one with an "ok" price. It was great to dine out in the patio while watching the waters of bellagio... Now for the food...
The steak was cooked just how i like it and it was a perfect portion. It was fun just watching all the drunk people walk by... you never know what you'll see or miss if you're not looking at the right time...
The service was pretty good... although i couldn't tell if our server was putting on a front with the whole "being proper" ... the best part was trying to guess what he would say next.. kinda reminded me of Carlton from fresh prince. lol. overall.. great place, i would eat here again!We thoroughly enjoyed our meals. We did not have reservations so we weren't able to sit outside without a long wait--we opted for inside seats. Our waiter was very attentive. The food was cooked exactly as we had ordered it. The house made fries were very good. The Escargot was served out of the shell in a delicious sauce. My salmon,which I ordered rare was perfect. It came with a delicate sauce that was used to compliment the fish and not overwhelm it. The vegetables were a mix of small carrots and fresh peas, sweet peas and arugula. It was delicious.I was here exactly a week ago & I really liked it. It's cute, very Parisian & with a great view of the Eiffel Tower. The food was great! I got French toast & they were to die for, just delicious! We kinda missed breakfast and got the brunch and the regular menu. Most def will return!Mon Ami Gabi is a wonderful bistro/steak house located in the Paris hotel and we do not leave Vegas until we dine here. Sit outside and dine al fresco, you will have a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and it's fun to people watch. It's a bistro, you can dress casual and no one will judge you.

There is an excellent wine list, of course! The St. Aubyn pinot is lovely. The service is courteous and prompt to see to your needs and you will not feel at all rushed. There are great cocktails on the menu, I tend to go straight for the wine, though.

I like to start with the Onion Soup au Gratin, the 'french onion soup', you can taste so many layers of flavor and the cheese is melted on top, just starting to get that golden crust. YUM. I will have to make a point of trying other things on the menu, I can't seem to get past the Steak Bordelaise with it's lovely wine sauce and the soft, sweet, caramelized onions, or the filet mignon au poivre, always with frites, bien sur. Excellent steaks, I'm almost speechless...but not quite, there's still dessert! (And NO, I'm not sharing, get your own!).

The creme brulee is excruciatingly delicious, it hurts so bad...The bananas foster crepes are tender and delicious and absolutely decadent. The chocolate mousse is pure decadence!

I can't wait until our next trip, hopefully I can update this review...and add another dish to my list. Sigh...lovely...I totally enjoyed this restaurant from the decor, service and of course the food.  This place had the best filet mignon I've ever had. If you're in town you have to stop by this restaurant.This is a must visit for my friends & family every time we're in Vegas.  We absolutely adore this place!!!!  Such great price for the quality of food and it's consistently phenomenal.

First of all, let me start by saying the bread is to DIE FOR!!!!  We go through at least 4 rolls.  Order the chicken liver mousse and eat it w/ the bread, I promise you won't regret it!  The quiche is the go-to fave for me.  Frangria's worth trying especially if you're doing an early brunch.  Chicken broccoli crepe is good also.  The tuna special open face sandwich was delish as well.  

Service is always pleasant and food always comes out quickly.  Again the bread is key!

If you're looking for somewhere to eat on the strip, don't hesitate and come to Mon Ami Gabi, it's totally worth it!!!!Excellent service. The house wine was great too. And if you asked to be seated next to the patio you can observe the Bellagio fountains.
Overall great experience.I absolutely love this place! I go to vegas about four- six times a year and stop by this place every time and it has NEVER disappointed me!! They have the best scallop appetizer and shrimp cocktail! Their food is always on point no matter what i get and their service is top notch. They do have a patio seating but most times it is full (word of advise make rsvp!)We had a late dinner on the patio and caught the back end of the Kabuki Spectacle across the street at the Bellagio Fountains.  We only waited about 5 minutes to be seated, and it was a beautiful summer night.  The bread in the bag came out hot and crisp. I had the Trout Nicoise and my friend had the Salmon Salad.  They were both delicious, could not have been any better!  Considering the generous portions, these prices were reasonable!
Will definitely recommend and will be back for this great dining experience!I dined here for the 2nd time on August 14th, 2007. I have to say that I wasn't looking forward to coming here as the 1st time I ate here a couple years ago I didn't think the food was that great nor the service. 

However, I'm so glad I came back because I enjoyed it more the 2nd time for two main reasons: our waiter was fantastic and I ordered a better dish. 

I had the skate with crispy garlic chips, vegetable salsa and caper lemon butter. It was absolutely amazing that I finished it all! Their fries and cocktails were also great! Prices are reasonable and they did a great job servicing our group of 9 girls.Great place, delicious food, the bananas foster crepes were divine! The service was great too!Expensive but good. Boyfriend couldn't get enough of the coffee, said it was good and strong. I ordered the apple waffle and it was great, he ordered the lemon skinny pancakes (crepes) which he said were good. I tried the crepes and they were okay, but I'm not a crepe person.I was in town for CES with some colleagues and we were deciding on where to eat on a Saturday night. As you can imagine, Vegas is always busy on a Saturday night and when you have an event like CES, restaurants can get even more busy. As we chose to have an early dinner, we were fortunate enough to have a table for 6 outside on the patio with prime view of the Bellagio fountains. The food itself was good. I enjoyed the escargo, salmon, and bread pudding. My buddies enjoyed their steaks as well. A very reasonably priced restaurant with food that is a great value.Thank you to my fellow Yelp-ers for helping me to find this spot! Found myself in Vegas needing a restaurant that "takes reservations" was "good for groups" with an "average noise level" and Mon Ami Gabi popped up. Everyone pointed out the option to dine out of doors and watch the Bellagio fountains -- such a great idea!

The service was impeccable - our party of 8 had two gentlemen waiting on us who kept our wine glasses (and bread baskets) full. Per my conversation with the hostess who took my reservation, we arrived 15 minutes early to request patio seating (you can't reserve this in advance). The patio heaters were on in full force, and it was pleasant enough to sit outside without a jacket on (we even had them turn a few down). 

Food was excellent (a lot of sampling of your neighbor's plate was going on at our table) -- especially the scallops with the butternut squash and the onion soup. The various steak frites were good -- though the frites are paper thin and not really to my liking, but hey different strokes for different folks. Our waiter helped me to select a nice white bordeaux that everyone quite enjoyed (and at $34/bottle was one of the less pricey selections on the menu).

For dessert - you MUST get the bread pudding. Holy Moses. I died and went to heaven, and then ate a ton of the profiterole dessert as well. Just do it.We come here every time we are in Vegas and have the best dining experience:  food, service, cost and of course, the view of Bellagio and its fountain.  This would be our 5th time here. We highly recommend their burgers and sandwiches for lunch.  Of course start off with escargot, every time.  For dinner, we've had their fish and steak.  Reserve in advance for patio seating or table just in the atrium, if it is windy season.  We are coming back again in about 3 months!I've been here several times. I was in Vegas in July 2016 for a convention and a large group of us came for dinner. The wait staff was very attentive and the food was amazing. 

I've also been here three times for breakfast/brunch. This is my favorite time to come here; their eggs benedict is to die for--and pairs well with a mimosa. When I returned to Florida from our convention, I drempt of the eggs benedict. Fortunately, a plan was already in the works for a return-trip that October. Of course, I made this one of my first brunch stops and I ordered by eggs benedict and mimiosa.They didn't have any table inside when we came in for a late dinner but they sat us right away inside with a table that was right next to the window so we had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain. The service was good. We started off with the SEA SCALLOPS GRATINÉES which were awesome and then had the MUSSELS MARINIÈRE. The mussels were a great choice as well. Each dish had a lot of flavor which complemented the seafood of choice. For my main dish I couldn't decide on a steak but ended up with the STEAK AU POIVRE which was prepared perfectly. it was a nice large and flat piece which was so tender. I don't know how they did it but I get hungry thinking about it. Their frites were just as good. Mixed in with a couple glasses of champagne and wine and we had a perfect meal. The dessert was so so. We had the creme brulee but it was missing the vanilla bean flavor that I like in most creme brulee dishes. 
A must try place if you are in Vegas.Super cute place to go with girlfriends. Staff was friendly and a delish, hearty, breakfast to start the day. The portions were big enough to feed two people. I do recommend for everyone to get different plates and try each others.We were looking for a nice hearty steak dinner and stumbled upon this little yelp suggestion! Lucky us :)

[[ Location ]]-- very easy to spot since it's right in front of Paris hotel and gives a great view of Bellagio's Water Fountain show. Seats are plenty but try to make a reservation so you won't have to wait.

[[ Chicken and Brie sandwich ]]-- ermagawd! From the waiter's recommendation I chose the sandwich over their Steak and Frites. IT WAS DELICIOUS. The bread was ok but the chicken was juicy, the caramelized onions gave a sweet touch, and sliced green apples really packed the crunch! I even asked for a side of pickles just to get all my flavors going. MUST ORDER!

[[ Prime Rib Steak sandwich ]]-- BF loves his prime rib and this sandwich was perfect! Came on sliced baguette and though I thought the bread was too tough, the meat was super juicy and tender and you really get your money's worth of prime rib stuffed into your sandwich. EXCELLENT!

+ It seems everyone was enjoying the DIY Bloody Mary bar and next time we'll have to give it a shot. Waiter says they give you the vodka and you make the rest yourself.
+ Service was top-notch! Water cup was literally filled 8 times while we sat there. AMAZING job ;)

We'll be coming back for more!Great patio, very busy and very crowded. Wonderful view of Bellagio fountain. Service was good, but long delay in getting food to table. Prepared perfectly. Onion soup awesome. Skate was unusual option so has to try and it was as good as advertised.Great place for dinner right in the Paris hotel. Our server was wonderful and let us enjoy a slow-paced meal even though the large restaurant was extremely crowded. We had wonderful steak frites platters and a nice bottle of wine. Would definitely return, especially given how easy it was to make a reservation online!We booked this last minute when we realized another restaurant was too far away and so glad we did.  The  food was amazing and huge portions!  You can sit inside or outside and we ended up inside with a nice dark ambience with candles and delicious food! We ordered some appetizers:

Smoked salmon (Best tasting ever!)
Steamed mussels (Wowsa!)
Fresh warm bagette bread ( They kept bringing us more and we could not stop eatting every soft, warm bite!)

Main dish:
Peppercorn Steak with Frites and a pear salad on the side! (Steak was perfection and so juicy! Frites were a little bit salty)  
I split it with someone and could barely eat it all!  

We also had to try dessert and shared a chocolate mousse and profiteroles that were so good and just enough dark chocolate taste!

They also have a good drink menu and I just loved my mojito since it was not too sweet but nice and minty.  

Amazing service considering they were packed!  You have to go here for dinner!!My daughter loved the escargot, husband loved the bone in ribeye, artichoke app was great, veg plate was plentiful and tasty, server very personable, attentive and seemed to enjoy her job (wish i could remember her name-maybe Rose from Ft Myers?). The dessert (cream puff) very good!I have eaten lunch here on past visits to Vegas but this was my first time having breakfast. It was so good! I had the eggs florentine and I ate every last bit. I probably would have licked the plate if I wasn't in public. Service was great as well.Good food, great service, outstanding views! 

I've come here every time I've been to Vegas and have tried every possible meal from breakfast to a late dinner. The best time to enjoy Gabi's is at nighttime: the Bellagio fountains will be going off every 20 or so minutes, the Strip will be packed, and the patio cool and pleasant even in the summer months. However it can get crowded in the evening so if you want to sit outside be prepared to wait for 20 or so minutes and get a reservation in advance. I've come here with a friend once without reservations and was told there would be more than an hour wait to get a seat anywhere on a Saturday night. Since the restaurant is so versatile it's hard to recommend 1 or 2 dishes in particular so it's probably best to list the highlights by meal:
Breakfast: Croque Madame or the Quiche Lorraine. Help yourself to some champagne too, it's Vegas
Lunch: Chilled zapacho, Seafood Crepe, and the Trout Amandine are all great. On Friday they serve an Australian cod which is brilliant
Brunch: Do yourself a favor and order a French 75. It's no longer on the menu but they make the best in town. Add in the Eggs Benedict and it'll rival Bouchon for the best French-themed brunch in Vegas.
Dinner: The Seafood Platter is the best deal for an appetizer. 50 dollars for a whole lobster, oysters, tuna tartare, shrimp and even more. Follow that up with the Steak Bearnaise or Roquefort and finish up with profiteroles accompanied by cognac. Be careful: the calories will add up but it will have been well worth it.This place is great for breakfast!!! The atmosphere is great the service is top notch!!!! We had the ham and cheese omelette, banana foster waffles (from scratch) and the Eggs Benedict . We sat in the terrace where you get to people watch but stay cool in the AC!!! Make a reservation!!!Met here for a business dinner last week while in town for a convention. The food is phenomenal! And the service was outstanding! We had a party of 9 people and we were never waiting too long for anything. Their steak selection is delicious. Plus the desserts are amazing too! Great place to have a nice sit down dinner.The only restaurant in Vegas that my husband and I are allowed to "repeat" on our visits! We have gone for brunch and dinner numerous times and we think everything we have tried is great. My husband is more of a steak guy (naturally!) and this is the only restaurant that's ever served him a chicken dish that he couldn't stop raving about. We are going to Chicago this weekend and it turns out there is a Mon Ami there too... we already have a reservation for Friday! :)I know this restaurant has a million reviews already so this may fall on deaf ears but I still feel the need to commend it as a great establishment. I've gone to Mon Ami Gabi three or four of my trips to Las Vegas and the service is always impeccable and the food is always scrumptious. This time I went for a leisurely brunch by myself and enjoyed a fantastic frisee salad, some huge pieces of brioche, and the bloody mary bar. The bar was super fun and had anything you could want in a bloody mary short of the kitchen sink. The salad had bacon and egg on it so it was the perfect brunch dish - breakfast and lunch on a plate. The bread was huge and soft with a lovely strawberry jam. If you're looking for breakfast or lunch in Vegas - go here. You won't be disappointed.I had their trout dinner and it was fantastic! Their Frangria (their version of Sangria) is made with rosemary and wasn't to my liking (tasted like pine tree). Their sea scallops were great too! I think it is a little bit on the expensive side for the amount of food that you get, but then again it is in a major casino on the strip. Mon Ami Gabi is a great place, but it doesn't top my go-to restaurant, Maggiano's, which is just down the strip at the Fashion Show Mall.To be a 5 star restaurant you need to have great food, great customer service, and feel like the experience was worth it. 

My wife and I both had the Merlot Filet . . . uh . . . AMAZING!!!! As a man who likes to grill steak at home I am forever ruined and will never live up to the mark. 

Herve our server was AWESOME!! His recommendations were spot on. He was attentive without being dominating. He would chat when we wanted to, answer questions, and really took care of us. 

Finally, after the meal I had a macchiato. The espresso in it was so good I ordered a second shot of espresso. :) 

We'll definitely be returning!Always loved the Chicago original, and nice to say they do a great job here, too. The food and drink and execution in the pretty bistro made for a couple nice occasions. Pre-show, had the Country Pate along with the Frites with some wine and champagne. Near enough to the theatre, we lounged for a half hour at the bar, had some witty banter with the bartender and enjoyed ourselves. The Pate hit the spot -- served with delicious mustard atop, with toast points, olives, cocktail onions etc. 

The Frites are, in fact, Flat! But very tasty -- not oily at all, and perfectly crisp. It took maybe 28 seconds for them to appear after ordered. Mmmmm.

The next day, we returned for a light breakfast. Intelligentsia Coffee, so nice to see you. And the Market Berry Waffle worked great for me. Fresh berries alongside the crisp on the outside, soft on the inside waffles. I asked for the Whipped Cream on the side so I could monitor my indulgence! The real syrup was a nice component as well. I ordered a side of Poached Eggs, too, which helped fill me up more completely. The Bircher Muesli was outstanding -- and apparently not easy to make. If you're so inclined, go for it. The mimosa was a nice reminder of having a lazy Sunday. 

Loved also to sit inside but right near the outdoor deck. It's so airy and light out there; really the best of both worlds. And it's a marvel to occasionally see the tactical units circling round to insure the flow of traffic in and out works seamlessly.Luckily I made reservations well in advance, because this place gets PACKED around dinner-time. 
Absolutely wonderful house wine, steak bearnaise, and macchiato.
Even though my boyfriend had a few too many daquairis at Fat Tuesday (and was literally in the bathroom through most of dinner), I very much enjoyed myself.
Our waiter, Francoise, was right out of France and a delight to have serving us!"Style, Class, and a Patio to make me come back."

Maybe it's cause I'm always on vacation. Maybe the memories, Maybe its the weather  or the good company that I've shared my time here.  On top of this, it's on one of the premier patio spots outside Paris in the dead centre of the Strip. These are some reasons why this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Then there's the food...let's move on to that.

Let me set the tone: it's a classic French Bistro.  White table clothes, fancy setup, however the vibe is casual so even if you're out there in shorts, you're not totally out of place.  

There are 3 dining areas: Indoors, Indoors with view of patio, and Patio.  Trust me, you want to sit on the patio and experience some pinnacle views which include the Bellagio, pretty people, and the rest of the strip.  Call in for a Reso if you can, otherwise you may be waiting 1-2 hours on a busy day. Again, for me its worth the wait.  Scared of the heat, well don't' worry, there is appropriate shade and air-conditioning and misters outside!  Even in 40 degrees they managed to keep me cool.

Each table is given fresh baguette and butter to start.  One thing I've noticed is that the bread hasn't always come out hot.  A small annoyance, but something that could be easily remedied with a warmer of sorts.  Save some bread cause you'll need it for something else, stay tuned.

If you are a professional meatitarian like myself, you will have no problem quenching your thirst.  First off the bat get a steak.  I don't even care which one, just do it.  All three steaks that I've had were beautiful cuts of meat, cooked exactly how I wanted it, and could be cut with a butter knife.  Myself I struggle between the Fillet Mignon Merlot and (if i'm feeling hungry) the 22oz Bone in Ribeye.  

Aren't a suffer of Meatabetes like me, then why not try some of the mussels?   A light white wine and herb broth dips very well with the bread you remembered to save.  The mussels aren't as fat and juicy as we're accustomed to in the west coast, so this one dish won't fill you up. Regardless, I love mussels and I loved this dish. 

Need something to wash it down? Their wine list is extensive.  However if you want a refreshing treat on a hot day then I'd try their Sangria. 

Give Gabi a try.  You won't be disappointed.I came here for dinner with a group of 10 girlfriends for my Bachelorette Party back in June. The bread is to die for, the food is mouth watering and the service is outstanding! If you're looking for a classy restaurant on the strip for a special occassion, this is the place to go.

Our server Chad treated us like princesses. He was a total charmer. Timely service, delicious food, and champagne. What more could a girl ask for her bachelorette weekend? The manager even dropped by to offer a personal congratulations and ensure our experience was phenomenal.

Thanks to them I had a filling meal for an unforgettable night!The food was good but Vegas overpriced. That is to be expected, I suppose. Overall we enjoyed the quick dinner we had before the show we were going to see. The service was excellent!If breakfast was this good, I can't wait to try dinner! Lets start with the cappucino. The huge huge huge cappucino! It was perfect. Not burnt, served in a bowl, yes a bowl! and very tasty. One of the best I have had outside of Italy! Then the Croque Monsieurr. So delicious. The breakfast potatos were fantastic as well. Great service, amazing view of the strip. I am not really a breakfast person so for me to be impressed at breakfast is saying a lot! This was not a place that was really on my list of must tries and now it is. My next trip this will be a dinner reservation for sure!Came here for lunch on Monday morning. Made a reservation at 12pm which was a good idea because the place was semi-filled. Good view at the patio-overlooks the Bellagio. We got the onion soup, seafood crepe, and prime rib sandwich. The sandwich and crepe were AMAZING- crepe was clean, and the peas went nicely with the scallops, which were cooked just right. The prime rib came with a huge side of fries, and was very filling. However, the onion soup was just okay; we were kind of underwhelmed and felt like it could be richer.

For drinks, I recommend the frangria: red/white wine with fresh herbs and fruits. Refreshing and goes well with the mains. 

Service was good, and the baguette that comes before the main is decent (and warm) too.I've been here 3 times now in the last 12 months. Each time Mon Ami Gabi chefs outdid themselves. I've had the oysters, steak, mussels, and the Thursday Lamb Shank special.. everything was delicious! 
They have a great selection of wines as well as port wines. 
The service is always spectacular. If you can, request Keith for your waiter, he is a blast! Every time I am in Vegas, this is a must for a night out for me.Went here 3 years ago. Food, service, almost everything was great! Try to get the street view seating. That was the best.We came here for dinner. Made reservations through opentable for the main dining room, but we came early enough that there was seating available on the patio, which is first-come, first-serve. The scallops we ordered were cooked to perfection, but a tad too salty. We were really pleasantly surprised by the baked goat cheese appetizer. (We saw another customer order it, and it looked so good we ordered it too.) It was like a tomato soup with a dollop of cheese on top and delicious with bread!Eating brunch like the French do? I'm down! After hearing such good things about Mon Ami Gabi from my friends, I was eager to finally dine there for brunch on my first Vegas trip this year. The decor of the place is just so cute! If I lived in Vegas, I would have brunch here all the time!

- Smoked Salmon and Egg Salad Tartine: Salmon placed on a bed of egg salad on bread = perfection. They cut it into four pieces, so it's easy to share. The capers were a good compliment to the lightness of the bites.
- Steak: cooked to our liking with a bed of fries (which we didn't finish because we had an order of side fries).
- Waffle Fries: They're nice and crispy!
- Sangria: loads of fruits and rosemary (which made the sangria quite special tasting). There was enough for all five of us and a little more!

Delightful service with amazing food.. I think I just fell in love with brunch a little more! :) I bet this is a really cute place for dinner with a date!I'm sorry for those reviewers that had a bad experience...ours was very satisfying and pleasant.  We were seated right away (we didn't sit outside).  The wait staff was friendly and attentive. I couldn't tell who was our real server because we were waited on my 4 different people--but all of them pleasant and our order came out fine, so I assume there was good communication between them. 

 We had the escargot appetizer--the snails were big and meaty, and the parsley garlic butter was great--not salty! The bread was fresh and hot.  He had the steak au poivre--the server was very helpful in suggesting the temp for both of our steak--i went with the filet with Merlot butter reduction. Perfect and flavorful.  No complaints from me in the slightest.  Very happy. It was a good last night in Vegas.  It would have been better if I won some $$, but....I'd just like to say that this place is amazing! It's a perfect mix of everything that Vegas has to offer.  I came here on a Sunday evening dinner date.  It was our last night in Vegas and I wanted to take the lady out to a nice place. As a visitor of Vegas, the food can become kind of boring because almost everything here is a buffet.  You really have to do research to figure out where the good dining options are.  Insert Mon Ami Gabi! I'll just say that the service here is phenomenal.  We arrived for our 9:30 pm reservations and were greeted and seated right away. We chose to sit outside on the patio as the view was amazing. The restaurant faces one of the premier Casino/Hotels in Vegas....The Bellagio. The Bellagio is known for it's water show at it's outside fountains. At Mon Ami Gabi, you have a front row show to the Bellagio's water show which occurs every 15 mins to 20 mins. The lady was quite impressed by the view. And not to be outdone by the atmosphere, the food was amazing! I ordered a 12 oz NY strip medium rare that was cooked to perfection. It can't with some kind of reduction sauce on the side to dip the steak in....I had to send regards to the chef because he made this steak with love & affection! The mashed potatoes were real the perfect side. The service was phenomenal.  The staff as a whole was very impressive and operated smoothly. Very attentive without being overbearing as a presence. Please try this place out while in Vegas!Gave it a shot because of all the yelpers! Wasn't too busy in the morning, the outdoor seating was great. I had the egg benedict which was good, not astonishing. Overall it's a nice restaurant with very good service. Wish there was more food with the entree's though, but it had such a great view.Really fun restaurant on the dirty as hell Las Vegas strip. It has a great French vibe with the decor to match. When you sit down they bring you baguette with good french butter.

I ordered the Steak Frites of course and I went with the cognac sauce. Really well done. I loved the fact the frites were the kind like in France you eat with your fork with each bite of steak. The steak was cut thin and me and my wife split it with a side salad with the frisee, lardons and a poached runny egg. That salad was the bomb!

All in a really good meal, I can't wait to go back.Went at Brunch, had a 30 min wait for patio seating, which we spent gambling in Paris =) The service was fast once seated, servers were very nice, and we ate while watching the Bellagio fountain show. The food was delicious: we ordered the filet mignon and seafood platter to share. Very delicious. I wouldn't say the seafood platter would be enough for three people, so would recommend adding a steak. YUM!Eggs florentine are where the magic's at, waitress recommended a Brie/heirloom tomato version...impeccable. hash browns have the perfect crunch, coffee is good, not great. Sit in the 'glass room' and watch the water show. Overall, fantastique food in decent portions & good prices, visually stunning and beautiful french vibe.Had reservations thru Open Table, no problems, we arrived early since all of the bad reviews about wait times even with reservations.  They seated us right away, earlier than expected, yea. A nice French Bistro fare, with a good wine list.  Great decor inside and outside fresco dinign with a view of the Bellagio fountain and hustle and bustle of the Vegas strip. Appetizers looked awesome, especially the escargots, country pate and chicken liver pate.  Husband had the French onion soup, crust with Gruyere cheese and crunchy en crouton on top.  I had the gaspacho, sooooo yummy, fresh tomatoes, splash of Spanish vinegar over crunchy cucumbers and creamy avocados, I have to reverse engineer this recipe!  Salmon with quinoa was fresh and fabulous, the skate in lemon sauce looked good, but I had the seafood in broth, fresh fish, scallops, in a lemon herb white wine broth, soo good and fresh, no room for dessert, but next time!   You hVe to try their Frangria, Beaujolais, conjac, fresh juices and a hint of rosemary..yummy!  Have to come back and taste more!This place is very good,  If you love french food, your going to love this place.  They have the best french onion soup I have ever tasted.  I know there are some people that are not big on the french onion soup, but this place will change your mind so much you will be licking the bowl that it comes in.  Please before you die, you have to try this place.  You will not be disappointed.  If you go there during the night, you have to sit on the patio, so you can watch the Bellagio's water fountain in sink with lovely music, and the lights are amazing.  If you like to watch the many different people of Vegas, then patio is where you want to be.Okay, so I give Mon Ami Gabi 5 stars for the atmosphere and 3 stars for the food; therefore, an overall score of 4.  

My recommendation is to go here around 7:45pm, which is what we did, and then wait for about 20 minutes.  I definitely suggest eating outside, because you can enjoy the weather at this time.  Although it was about 104 degrees while we were visiting, it started to cool down at this time, and there's fans overhead to give you some breeze.  At 8pm the Bellagio fountain shows start and will replay every 15 minutes, which is perfect because then you can enjoy the music AND watch the show.  Lastly, you can people watch from your table, which is always very interesting : )

The food was okay--we had the steak w/ butter sauce and the steak w/carmelized onions.  Both of the steaks were good, but not very memorable.  The escargot was covered in a pesto sauce and was okay.  The onion soup was so-so: it wasn't piping hot, and there was about an inch-thick layer of cheese.  My favorite part of the meal was the dessert: mixed berries with a buttery crumb topping and vanilla ice cream.Great french food, and nice view. Weather was perfect. Will definitely be back again.A huge thank you to Mon Ami Gabi for making our 7 year anniversary perfect!!!!!!

This place is hopping, so don't dream about going without a reservation. There's still a line when you have a reservation, and you can't reserve the patio which looks onto the Bellagio fountains. 

They did a fabulous job of under promising and over delivering. We were 15 min early for our 8:00 reservation. Hostess said they were running 15 minutes behind. We tucked into the back bar, in the solarium (tres romantic!) and found two seats next to each other. Before we had our first sip the buzzer went off and we were whisked to a prime patio seat. The breeze was perfect, the outside temperate even more perfect, and the fountain shows - delightful. I wanted to stay all night!

Service was prompt and kind with a smile - plus he had great timing instincts. We asked for a gluten free menu. A baguette was then delivered, and within 40 seconds a second bread delivery was made to my husband: gluten free option!  Can you imagine...just by asking for the GF menu, the waiter knew to order GF bread. What love. 

I made the mistake of skipping lunch, then being ravenous at 6:00 pm, and then gorging on Garrett's popcorn (cheddar carmel combo). So I wasn't really hungry for dinner.   We decided to order the raw-bar platter for two for $50, cold and refreshing. The best bits of it for me were the prepared lobster and the salmon/avocado tartar.  We joked that we'll never go back to Maine because now that someone has perfectly shelled and chilled our clawed crustacean it will never be the same with bibs. 

I said no to dessert, and then they brought us a treat for the anny anyway. So delicious, so thoughtful...cut Celine Dion hitting high notes as the water spouts above the skyline.  Perfection. 

-finOne of our favorite breakfast places on the strip.  There is a 35 minute wait if you want outside (highly recommended, mostly in the shade, right on the street for people watching, Bellagio fountains go off across the street) but they do pagers so that is way better than someone yelling your name in a loud lobby area.  Inside the glass area is also nice as it is bright but loud.  The restaurant itself is dark since this is a steakhouse so not the best for breakfast.  Tip: Make a reservation before you leave and have less of a wait.

Champagne Framboise is a great sparkling cocktail and mixed perfectly to not have too much  flavor overpowering the sparkling wine.

The week we went they had an eggs benedict special with brisket.  Great dish, hollandaise sauce is light and not overpowering.  Sometimes one of the two poached eggs comes medium or almost hard so if that bothers you send it back.  Muffin is good, not heavy and grilled nicely.

Also had the corned beef hash and poached eggs.  The corned beef is not so much a hash as it is corned beef cabbage minus the cabbage.  To me this is a good thing as when it comes cubed or the normal mushy hash it is dry as the potatoes are mixed in.  Here, the potatoes are separate from the meat so it stays moist and juicy.  And poached eggs (you can order the eggs any style) only make it better.

The brisket that came with the benedict looked almost the same as the corned beef but the taste was very different between the two so don't think they are just using the same meat for everything.  We could have both dishes over and over and enjoy them every time.

Table service was always excellent, food came fast (which is preferred for breakfast).I don't go there often, but when I do it's a fresh new experience each time.  I like siting in the covered patio for the sunlight and views.  Service is very good as well as the food.  It's a nice place to take out of town guests for an impressive experience.On a hot day in vegas, you would think sitting outside would be a bad idea right?  It's actually pretty cool outside. You also get a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains right across the restaurant! The inside is so dim...you can't really see your food.. but I guess it's okay if you're on a date it could be "romantic".

Service is great. Food is delicious. Price is reasonable. More details on food later.I absolutely loved this restaurant. The service was great, the location was perfect, and the food was excellent.  My guy and I both decided to go for breakfast one of the mornings we vacationed there in Vegas.  We both got the Belgian waffles - different versions, his with blueberries and mine with mixed berries.  Absolutely delicious!  I also got a side of chicken sausage which was also very delicious and had a nice spicy taste to it.  Wait service was also on point and our waitress was very quick and timely with our orders.  We hardly had to wait a moment and our food was out.  The view is also great.  We sat outside which had an excellent view of the Bellagio water fountain.  I can't tell you how beautiful it is to watch the fountain show while feasting on some waffles.  Great times.  If you are worried about the heat from eating outside (we went in August), not to worry.  There are fans with mists to keep you cool.  It was 100 degree weather and it still felt absolutely pleasant sitting there.  I would suggest to anyone to try there when in Vegas, especially for breakfast.Such great food! The gluten free French toast is delish!  I really loved their gluten free burger bun the other day too. Best breakfast on the strip. I am here for a week and I will probably have one meal each day at this restaurant. And it is part of lettuce entertain you, so I love being loyal to this Chicago chain and they have the best food and fair prices and just incredible selection. There are tons of gluten free options at this restaurant and I just can't get enough!!!!That place was awsome. However onion soup was not my style. I love their salmon food and bread. I ordered sparkling water and I cannot remember it was charged or not. Their atmosphere was also good and my seat was between inside and outside so I enjoyed both nice weather and wind from AC. Plus they have dress code. Men cannot wear sleeveless shirt and also swim suits are not accepted.Very cute atmosphere!  The service was great.  The restaurant wasn't too loud and the food was amazing!  They make the best French Martini ever!!!!Came here during my previous trip with the bf. Solid French food all around and reasonable prices (def better than Bouchon).

Main appetizers were the escargots w/butter and mussels.  Not bad, but I've had better escargots and mussels (both lacking flavor).

BF got the special fish of the day which came w/a hearty side of fresh and yummy veggies. Don't remember what kind of fish, but it was moist and tender. Dish was $28

I ordered the sea scallops. There were 5 and they were cooked just right. 2nd best to the ones I ate at Gary Danko in SF. 

Service was exceptional.  Server was attentive enough, but gave me space. No pressure to order the most expensive items on the menu. Water was filled when low and bread was replenished when asked. Basic things but sometimes people don't do it!

Can't wait to come back during my next Vegas trip! :)Had lunch here on a gorgeous Saturday afternoon - opt for the patio seating and bring your sunglasses!!! we were seated right in front of the bellagio water works show and every now and then we'd stop to stare at the spurts of water we'd see through the trees - Vegas people watching is fun too - we saw a girl with THE ORANGEST tan walk by

I shared a cheeseburger (with gruyere cheese) and added a fried egg on top (always add an egg if there's an option to!!!) - YUM!!!!! i love it when the egg is a little runny so that when you bite into it it breaks and makes the burger saucy - mmmMMMMMMMMmm --- the frites were scrumptious too - crisp and thin - but i love anything potatoes - mealy or crisp, french fries are always good

i also shared a spinach and cheese crepe, but that was NO GOOD - ugh, took one bite and didn't wnat to eat the rest... and i EAT ANYTHING.  It's funny b/c this place is a french restaurant, yet the crepes weren't good - the crepe was heavy rather than light - it tasted like bland pancake wrapped around spinach and cheese =(

I gave it 4 stars b/c the service was good, the food was on par with the prices, and the burger and fries were delicious - avoid the spinach and cheese crepe

Remember to add the egg on your burger folks!! you won't be disappointedI've walk pass this place so many time, and there is always so many people outside. I had always thought this place was $$$ until my boyfriend decided to take me here for brunch. At first, I thought we weren't going to get seats because the majority of the people here are waiting for the patio seats. (advice: come early to sit at the patio, worth the wait to enjoy yourself) Their brunch ranges from $5-$13. You must try their  quiche (oh Frenchy words), they are so fluffy and so darm goood!! The spinach/asparagus quiche I got was good. It woulf have been great if they had taken a bit off salt. 

Serivce: great! They refill your cup when they see you are out. They come around and asks 'if there's anything else I can get you?' Loved it.

Oh!!! so they have a full bar, Mimosas, and a bloody Mary bar for customers to customize their OWN Mary's! I thought that was awesome. They start you off with a tall glass, with a shot of vodka, and you go make your own bloody Marys. Made my trip even better

Will I come back? most definitely!yummy food.. 
great staff
great service
awesome location
cannot say enough good things about this place
a must taste!!Yes, it's a LEY restaurant, of which there are a skatillion in my hometown of Chicago, yet Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite place to have lunch in Las Vegas.  If you get there early (like, right when they open) you're sure to score a table outside so you can watch a) the people and b) the Bellagio fountains.  In my opinion, that's really the best thing about eating here, although I also love the food and service.  Even though it's smack in the middle of the Strip, they've done their best to recreate a French bistro, right down to the waiters themselves, who are often from France!

Everything I've ever eaten here has been tasty.  Maybe I'm just fortunate, or maybe it's just that good!Steak frites, s'il vous plaît !

Mon Ami Gabi is an awesome little restaurant located in the Paris Hotel and Casino that serves up delectable French dishes and plentiful plates of steak and fries that won't break your wallet.

Our group decided to come here on a weeknight for dinner and were met with two options; there was little to no wait to be seated on the inside of the restaurant, but if we decided to sit on the outside terrace with a view of the Bellagio fountains, we would need to wait 40 minutes or more. We decided to stick it out and wait for a seat outside. Time goes by quick when the gaming tables are just a few steps away!

We split the Frisee, Kale and Warm Bacon Salad as an appetizer. This was delicious! Even for salad haters, you can't go wrong with bacon and a soft egg. The runny yolk over everything added a nice richness to the crisp greens, and the savory bacon added a nice crunch. 

For my main, I went with the Filet Mignon Au Poivre. It's a little pricier than the other steaks on the menu, but if you're a meat lover like me, then I think it's totally worth the extra $10! The thick cut of steak steak was cooked to medium perfection, as I requested, and the brandy peppercorn sauce was divine! The meat was perfect; juicy, and amazingly tender. Fries were pretty meh - I'm not the biggest fan of fries in the world, and plus I prefer the thick cut style to thin and crispy. To compensate, we ordered sides to share. We ended up getting the sautéed mushrooms and an order of garlic spinach. The mushrooms were standard steakhouse fare, but the garlic spinach was delicious! Super garlicky. Plus I felt a little better having some green on my plate. Kinda healthy.

The view of the Bellagio fountains cannot be beat, especially during dinner. It's a great spot for people watching and I have to say that I think it's a little better suited for groups than for a romantic dinner. The tables are bunched up pretty close together, so much so that you can pretty much eavesdrop on your neighbors conversations! The servers here are very welcoming and friendly, but not the most attentive. We asked for ketchup twice and didn't get any until towards the end of the meal. I'd cut them some slack though, even on a weeknight the outside patio looked totally slammed!

In terms of value, this place cannot be beat! The steak is delicious, and after splitting the appetizers, my tab for dinner came out to be what I would pay for an ala carte steak anywhere else on the strip. Cheap, yes. But not cheap tasting! If you're craving steak in Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is not to be missed!Surprisingly good food quality that was very fresh.  Excellent view if you sit outside and I would consider returning again.  There are many more restaurants that I'd go to over this one that is more intimate and has better quality.  However, Vegas is replete with very disappointing dining - many are upscale and are gimmicky either in the food or in the "atmosphere" - what with moving walls, fire, etc.... anything to distract the fact that your food could be from a frozen dinner.  Not the case here at Mon Ami Gabi.

The quality is not that bad and at times very good but I cannot imagine cooking for a half dozen restaurants out of a central kitchen and those masses of people and making it possible to consistently turn out excellent food.

Overall, we loved the food and will return...I don't eat a lot of meals that's not a buffet in Vegas so I'm so glad to have tried this spot. Got the seafood tower, French onion soup and a couple of steaks frittes. Couldn't find a single thing I didn't like about this place.. Nice view of the bellagio fountain, great service, very decent prices and having gluten free bread made my gf extremely happy!I came here for lunch with my family.  I must say I really enjoyed this place.  I didn't expect to wait for seating midday Saturday, but there was about a 20 minute wait.  We ended up getting a table on the outside patio with a straightshot view to the Bellagio water fountain.  There were trees in our view, but we still got to experience 3 or 4 water shows.  

Beyond the location and environment, the food was quite good.  The first thing to note is the bread.  Fresh baguettes from the oven, properly made and served with a crisp crust and soft inside (baguettes aren't supposed to be rock hard).  We started with a dozen oysters (blue points, i think).  My parents have never had "real" raw oysters, having most of their experiences from AYCE asian buffets.  They were very impressed at the freshness and quality of these oysters.  Objectively, they were very fresh and tasty.  I couldn't figure out how a restaurant in the middle of the desert could have such a ready supply of fresh oysters, but nothing about the flavor or odor suggested that they weren't top notch quality.  For our main dish, our table had the chicken crepe, seafood crepe, roast beef sandwich, and the halibut.  Just about everything was good, but I especially liked the seafood crepe.  Large sea scallops adorned on a shrimp and fish crepe.

All in all, it wasn't super pricey, the food was great, and the environment was fun and refreshing.  I would definitely return.Très belle soirée chez Mon Ami Gabi hier, les steaks  étaient excellents, cuisson parfaite selon les goûts de chacun et le service de Georgiana nous a ravis. Certainement un incontournable pour nos visites à Las Vegas!Had a lovely Friday night dinner! We made reservations at 9pm but wanted to sit on the patio so they told us it would be a 30 minute wait - which was fine cause they gave us a pager and we just went to gamble at the nearby machines. :) 

The wait ended up being 10 minutes and they sat us right next to the railings on the patio where you could get a great view of the Bellagio water show and have fun people watching! 

Now getting on to the good stuff! Dinner!

We started with some of their fresh bread and butter. The bread was lovely so we saved some of it for our escargot, which was a lovely dish! Recommended! Then we got the full order of Mussels which was decent and the Hanger steak which was not too bad - it did come out a bit too cold even for my rare order.  And finally for dessert we ordered the chocolate mousse which was divine!! Loved it with my Cafe au lait!

The atmosphere was lovely, the staff was great and the food was pretty good. I'd go back here again even with all the other amazing options in Vegas for dinner!Came here again from California.  I was seated right away, and the food came very quickly.  Oysters were okay this time around, but the steak classique really rocks my world.  Also the warm goat cheese and garlic bread were to die for.  Will be coming back soon!Bottom line: excellent food, served quickly, at a very reasonable price for the strip. 

I had the corned beef hash with poached eggs. The hash was tender and juicy. The eggs were perfect. The hash brown that came with it had a delightfully buttery taste. 

The service was very friendly yet expeditious.Great Food, Great Service, Great Atmosphere. No matter what Mon Ami Gabi we go to it's always consistent and delicious.Past few years Ive stayed in numerous hotels at the strip and always passed this restaurant by. Every time I had passed this location I have seen it packed. But never was able to give it a try because my friends always had different suggestions and love ayce buffets. I was finally with a group of office mates that wanted to grab breakfast food, so I suggested this spot since it had 6k reviews. I had to order the steak and eggs which was about $30 but well worth it. Came with 2 pieces of bread, 3 eggs your choice on how you wanted it cooker and a thinly sliced steak that was enough for breakfast, I asked for medium cooked but of coarse since the steak was too thin its hard for them make it medium. Great service and all my buddies said it was an amazing choice as well.If there's something I developed a taste for over the last couple of years, it is definitely French cuisine. My girlfriend loves everything French, especially the food. I decided to take her here for our two year anniversary and I can't say that my expectations weren't met. The menu isn't a run-on book, it's a one page array of all things tasty. Les Poissons (hee hee hee, hah hah hah) looked and smelled fantastic. The wine was affordable per glass. We ordered the "Frangria," the French version of Sangria which was quite the punch.

I have this weird sense of things where I judge a place I eat by what they give you for free, in this case the bread. Naturally, we sat down and were greeted with a French baguette accompanied by some delicious butter and an amuse bouche, which was some kind of pickled apple concoction. The bread was delicious, it's lead me to one of those moments where I said "I could just come here for the bread" and this was no lie. All of that was delicious. We were discretely told about the menu and placed our orders, which came out warm and fresh right away.

I ordered the Beef Wellington, the house special on Sunday and my girlfriend ordered the Steak Bordelaise. My beef wellington was.....nucking futs delicious. I've always wanted to try a wellington and oh my gosh was it delicious. The beef was tender and succulent, cooked just the way I like it. The generous portion of beef was surrounded by a puff pastry which was to die for. The wellington was served with a sautéed spinach and garlic side, which was on point. I tried some of the steak my girlfriend ordered and it was, you may as well write the rest of this, AMAZING. The food was cooked perfectly and the portions were just enough to get me  full to the brim. 

To make matters "worse," we order the Bananas Fosters Crepes for dessert. Gluttony became our ruler at this point as we shoveled this behemoth of a dessert down our bellies completely satisfied with the meal as a whole. My only gripe was that our waitress was a little inattentive once we got our food. As we didn't see her from the moment we got our food till we were done, looking around for her to come by. Regardless, that would not be the deciding factor if I come back because I definitely will. 

Gentleman, if you have a date and you want to impress her, go on and take her here. We sat inside but I hear the patio is just as nice. This is a great place for tourists and LOCALS alike.4.7 out of 5 Nearly perfect everything. Great service, great dinning environment. Water is so refreshing. Seating in the patio is perfect to see the strip and Bellagio. Great time to experience and enjoy life.I had Mon Ami Gabi as my last meal in Vegas. We went b/c some of my suitemates went there from their last visit. It topped the trip off perfectly as we spent the afternoon eating and chatting away at a window side table in this little bistro! I was thankful we got indoor seating since the weather had been really windy outside!

For Hors D'Oeurves we had:  Escargots de Bourgogne
This was a bit against my will but group majority prevailed. My previous encounter with snails were not pleasant but I decided to give them another shot. Honestly I couldn't really taste much of it as it was masked in the garlic herb sauce. It was just a chewy bit of something that I swallowed down. I liked to dip the baguette into the garlic herb sauce tho that was really yum-O. 

Entree: Trout Grenobloise
I liked the flakiness of the fish.The pan-sear or however the skin was prepared was great. It was very crispy! It was mildly seasoned and hinted at the fish's natural flavor which was good. Overall i really liked it. It was light and the green beans that came with it were cooked nicely. 

So there was the frites that came along in a cup and they were super yummy and quite addicting. Thinner than fries and maybe even than potato chips.

at Last!1! time for Dessert!: Profiterole Trio A.K.A Cream puffs! 
They were super good!!! It was napoleon style as we had vanilla, chocolate and strawberry filled centers. I loved the chocolate/ fudge sauce that was drizzled on them. The flavors were very concentrated and they put me to shame to the kind of cream puffs I had made in HS french class. Much better than Beard Papa too that has commercialized and supersized the cream puff. 

I def loved the atmosphere of this place and though it's on the pricier side, its a treat to come here with friends and check it out for one of the fancier meals one can have in Vegas.There is a reason this restaurant has 6K reviews! It is a huge space inside, but even better experience to sit on the patio. We arrived around 4:30pm on a Sunday and were able to get a patio table without any wait! As day turned into night, the atmosphere was just so perfect for a romantic dinner on the strip. The Bellagio fountains were almost perfectly timed with each of our courses - 1 show for appetizers, 1 show during entrees, and 1 show during dessert! 

For apps, we dined on escargot and french onion soup. The escargot were not as buttery as I am used to, but the blend of herbs that were used brought a nice flavor to it. The soup was rich and delicious. 

For entrees we ordered the Moules + Frites and the bone-in ribeye with bearnaise sauce. The mussels were perfection; tender and huge! The ribeye was perfectly cooked and although DH could careless for the fancy sauce I was dunking whatever I could into it. 

For dessert, I barely had room, but had to try the Apple tarte tatin. It looked like an apple upside down cake but instead of cake there was a lovely crispy phyllo pastry. 

Everything was so perfect. I would love to go back and try their breakfast and lunch offerings :)Ahhh Mon Ami Gabi. I'm a local and I enjoy going here. Add this to my list of awesome patios. 

The food is great. Although most of the menu may be too fancy for some people's taste, there is steak so anyone could eat here. 

The patio is gorgeous. Right across Las Vegas Blvd from the Bellagio fountains, and lots of people to watch, being dead center on the strip. 

We had: 

Macaroni Gratin: I think I just died and went to heaven. Don't let the fancy shmanchy name disguise fool you. This is Mac & cheese, but better than most out there. It's just classic noodles and cheese, but the crispy melted cheese on top and the mini shells really take this one to the next level. I consider myself a Mac & cheese connoisseur, and this is an 8/10 on my Mac & cheese scale. 

Garlic Spinach: pretty good! I am a sucker for veggi side dishes so this one was decent. The garlic really showed up in the spinach even though sautéed spinach can overpower a lot of flavors. Delish! 

22 oz Rib-eye with herb butter and béarnaise sauce: I'm not a huge meat person, but my husband so is and he loved this. The ribeye is his favorite cut of meat and this one had so much flavor packed in. Not just char and meat flavor. There was a lot of depth. Texture wasn't bad either. And the frites are fantastic here. Crispy and soft. 

This place is a must if you are visiting or just looking to see the strip for the first time in a long time of living here.Was here for a conference and LOVED the ambiance in here. Patio and cozy, breezy experience was great for breakfast. I especially appreciated the great service and well made breakfast that I had. 

Not usually in Vegas but next time I come, I'll be here for dinner.This is perhaps my favorite breakfast place I've ever visited.  A good friend recommended we eat brunch here, and we are so glad we did.  Our friends had Bloody Mary's, which were indulgent.  My wife had the blueberry French toast and loved it.  I had the Bananas Foster waffles.  They were crisp and delicious, and the bananas had the perfect amount of caramel flavor.  The bacon is a must as a side.  The coffee was excellent and the service perfectly attentive, even though the place was packed.  We waited the extra 15 minutes for patio seating.  The view of the Bellagio and the people watching on the street made it absolutely worth it.We have eaten here several times and it has always been delicious. I always order one of their steaks and they have all been terrific. On our last trip we had breakfast instead and it was very good. 

When the weather is nice, try to sit out on the patio. It is right across from the Bellagio and you get a great view of the fountains if you are there at the right time. The inside areas are also extremely nice. There is an upscale, Parisian feel to the place. This is reinforced by the wait staff who are polite and very competent. There is always fresh bread on the table, glasses are kept filled, and the meals are served promptly.Amazing, what more can I saw!?

WAIT:
Huge wait; if you did not make reservations please blame yourself. The wait with res can be as much as 15 minutes, without is significantly longer.

SOUP:
French Onion soup. 
I'v had better, tasted like it was watered down.

MEAT:
We both had the filet mignon with the merlot reduction. I had the stake medium and my significant other go their's medium well; they really came out the same.

The meat was good quality and well prepared.
The merlot reduction was very very good.

SIDE ORDER:
One thing I did not like was that on the bottom of my stake I had some unground, round black pepper seeds. Not sure if this was on accident or deliberately, but my significant other's stake did not have that.

I was also not a huge fan of the overwhelming amount of fried potatoes that came with the stake. I wish I had a choice of rice or mashed potatoes instead of fried potatoes or perhaps less potatoes and add some steamed vegetables.

With no drinks and no desert the bill came out close to $100 bucks (tip included). Well worth it, its hard to find a food stake.Had breakfast here with the wife and kids at the end of a quick overnight stay.  Very fun, bistro type cafe.  You can sit inside or out.  The service was super.  Food delightful.  Wife had fresh berry pancake.  They are the thin large pancakes, not the traditional type.  They were lovely with a slight lemon taste to them with fresh berries and whipped cream.  Oldest daughter had the nutella waffle which was a disappointment, according to her.  She found them to be too hard and lacking enough nutella to actually classify them as nutella waffles.  Youngest daughter had what she called "the most amazing french toast of her life."  I took a bite or three and would have to agree.  I had a ham, cheese and egg crepe and found it to be a delightful change of pace.   I've had breakfast here four or five times and have never been disappointed.Very sad to confirm that their Lobster Roll is currently not on the menu. They change their menu about 3 times a year, and my favorite (& main reason of returning) did not make the cut this time around. Hopefully it returns soon!

We opted for the next best seafood option: the chilled seafood platter for 2 (~$59). We didn't look up pictures before ordering, so when the platter came, our eyes widened with amazement. It's presented very nicely, with one whole lobsters cut in two, 4 shrimps, 4 oysters, salmon tartare with toast, and a variety of sides/sauces, all over ice. 

The seafood tasted fresh, and the variety was fun to eat. I had my reservations about the salmon tartare, but it was delicious and became one of my favorite parts of the meal. The chilled seafood platter was the perfect choice to enjoy on that blazing hot summer day. 

Mon Ami Gabi is becoming my Vegas favorite, and I hope to return soon! The wait may be a little long (~45 min for lunch during the holidays), but it's worth it. There is a variety of lunch entree choices for ~$20, and the view on the patio is always entertaining.Delicious french breakfast, large portions, tasty meals and amazing coffee, all with a view of the Las Vegas strip and Eiffel tower. I loved my turkey, egg white, avacado omelette. My friend had the croque mouser, all so delicious. Also very reasonably priced and efficient service.This was one of our better dining experiences while in Vegas.  Great location (recommend sitting outside!), great service and great prices.  My boyfriend and I both had salads and really liked both- salmon and bib lettuce with beets.I was really pleased with this restaurant. We went for breakfast, and we were admiring the dining rooms. Looks great for a romantic evening out!

For breakfast, we sat outside on the patio and it was great! The service was wonderful and food was really good! Prices for the food was decent and well worth the price. My sister had the eggs benedict which was really good and sauce was really light. I had an omelet with their hash browns which was very filling. 

I will definitely be back for future meals! :)We went here for our friend's birthday and also for my first time in Vegas.  We made reservations, which required a credit card.  I ordered the Steak Bordelaise but substituted the red wine sauce for the merlot butter.  The sauce definitely made the dish!  The steak was thin and absorbed the sauce perfectly.  I even dipped the frites in the sauce.  The only badside: the frites were just too thin; I tasted no potato; I was basically drinking oil 

Our waiter (Leno?) was so patient and helpful!  It wasn't on the menu, but my friend was able to order mimosas for our table.  For dessert, we ordered the chocolate mousse (3/5) and crème brulee (5/5).  We sat outside and had a beautiful view of the water show at the Bellagio.Best omelets I've ever had.  Great coffee.  Friendly staff.  Sidewalk is nice until it gets hot, of course.I was afraid that Mon Ami Gabi was just a tourist trap with good view but terrible food/service, but boy was I proven wrong! They still do have the amazing view of the Bellaggio fountain (with heat lamps outside so you can even enjoy it in the middle of December), but the service that our party of 10 received was also exceptional.  We made a reservation same-day and I called to add more people twice without any trouble.  Ten is probably the maximum number of people you can fit around a single table on the balcony, but they graciously accommodated this request for us.  The waitress was very attentive and had no trouble dividing the bill, including splitting bottles of wine, which is usually a much bigger ado.  The prices are actually pretty reasonable for a French steakhouse in Vegas (~$30 for an entree), and the portions were surprisingly generous.  If you're on vacation, or even if you're not, this place is definitely worth it!After having had the most delicious croissant at Baguette Cafe, the breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi was still great but not extraordinary. I really enjoyed the hashbrown which has just right amount of salty in it. Loved the grapefruit juice!Reasonable prices for outstanding French food! 

Stopped by here for lunch before we headed out for the drive home. Everything on the menu sounds so good and you will not be disappointed with whatever you decide to order. We were seated outside and even though it was over 90 degrees outside we didn't mind because they gave us such a good view. Our table was right across from the Bellagio fountains so we were able to enjoy the show while we ate lunch. 

I couldn't decide between a quiche and a burger. Since the restaurant is a French steakhouse I wanted to try something French, but at the same time I imagined that their burgers would be delicious as well, being a steakhouse and all. After a lot of pondering, my friend and I decided to share a cheeseburger and their classic quiche lorraine. 

The food was SO AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS I would drive to Vegas right now to eat there if I could. First of all, they provide you with fresh French baguettes as you wait for your food. They are still soft and warm when they bring it out to you and it's so yummy with their whipped butter. The cheeseburger was very juicy and flavorful, not greasy at all! Their hand-cut frites were pretty interesting too. It was like a cross between a fry and a potato chip but it was good. The quiche was a lot bigger than I expected it to be and I don't think I would've been able to finish the whole thing by myself. It's the size of a small plate but the quiche is so light and fluffy that you'll finish half of it before you know it. I really liked the bacon that the used in it too since the bacon chunks were big enough where you can taste the smokiness and have some of the texture too. 

Our waitress was super nice and gave my friend a free cocktail on the house along with an ice cream puff dessert for us to share. The cocktail was so yummy that I decided to get one for myself! It was their special cocktail for season? day? not sure, but it was very fruity and light. It was a mix of some type of champagne and St. Germain which tasted amazing together!!Loved how many gluten free options they had! And how diligent they were making sure my food was safe! I had the GF onion soup and a steak dish with fries. Very good service too! Recommend making a reservation.I went to Mon Ami Gabi last Thursday during a trip to Las Vegas, and I have to say I was blown away, once again!
The food and daily specials never cease to amaze me, along with a superb selection of wines, both by the glass and the bottle. And do yourself a favor and try the chocolate mousse!!!!! You will absolutely melt as you are eating this amazing dessert!
Mon Ami Gabi is always on my list any time I go to Vegas, and it will be on my list again when I return in October!Try to reserve a table in the atrium, with a view of the strip and Bellagio fountains.  Wonderful place for a casual brunch, the restaurant does a great job of transporting you away from the gaudiness and bustle of Vegas, even if for only an hour or two.  The brunch was delicious, a recommended morning stop in your Vegas culinary adventures.As a belated birthday present, I wanted to take my sister to a nice restaurant of her choice.  She read about Mon Ami Gabi and wanted to try their breakfast so we made our reservation via Open Table for December 27th at 10 AM.  When I made the reservation, there was a box I could write a note to the Maitra D'.  I wrote we're celebrating my sister's belated birthday and she wanted to have the breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi.  Hoping we could order a dessert and I could ask them for a candle or something for her but when we get there, we're never asked about it at all. 

We were there a few minutes early.  I don't know how long she's been working for that day but the hostess at the door wasn't very welcoming and didn't even crack a smile.  The popular patio was wide open and it was a very nice morning so we decided to have a table out there.  She took us to the very end of patio where nobody was around, even though only less than 20% of tables were occupied at the patio.  It was still chilly and the heating pole wasn't lit yet.  When we asked her about it, she said it should be turned on soon and she left.  I was worried if our first experience at Mon Ami Gabi would be like her, stuck up with a horrible attitude.  However our waitress came immediately after the hostess left and told us this spot would be too cold for us and the heating pole was not working so she moved us to the right in the center where we're surrounded by three working heating poles.  If I were a manager or the owner of the restaurant, I would hire someone at least smiles for the "greeting" hostess.  I say the first impression is very important.

Unlike the unfriendly hostess at the door, our waitress was fantastic.  She was very friendly and attentive, she made the rest of our M.A.G. experience so much better.

The coffee was pretty good, not too weak but not too strong or bitter.  Their fresh squeezed orange juice was also good.  I've ordered their crab eggs benedict with breakfast potatoes and my sister ordered chicken and cheese crape.  When I saw my eggs benedict's potion, I was not sure if it would fill my big tummy but it did.  I didn't see the big chunk of crab meat but it sure did taste like crab and the buttery home fries (breakfast potatoes) were tasty too.  My sister's crape had some brie cheese in it and had a very elegant taste.  

We're too full to order any desserts but I still wished if they asked me if I wanted to do something for my sister. 

By the end of our breakfast, the patio tables were completely full.  It was too early for Bellagio's fountain show but still it was fun to watch people who past by.  At least we had three or four people who shouted "Viva Las Vegas!" or something like that during our 1.5 hrs or so dining time and I thought there were more variety of fun and wacky people out there than my hometown Los Angeles.     

The food was good if not exceptionally great.  With the patio seating and the great service we've got from our waitress, we'll be back for breakfast or lunch.I have been here twice.  Both times, amazing!  The food is creative and tasty.  I especially enjoyed the sangria with rosemary.  The view, overlooking the fountains, could not be better.Came here for a romantic dinner before my boyfriend and I went to see Le Reve.  Absolutely a perfect experience.  I highly recommend making a reservation, as this is a very popular spot right across from the Bellagio.  Apart from the ambience and the impeccable service, I have to say this place deserves a 5 star review for the food alone.  

Together, we ordered the filet mignon with the merlot butter sauce, the mac n cheese (macaroni a gratinee if you want to be particular), the mussels, the drink special "frangia," the french pun on sangria much appreciated, the caesar salad, and the creme puffs for a perfectly sweet ending.  

I would go into much more detail about how delicious these dishes were, but really words could not do it justice.  Just go, eat, enjoy, and sit back while your waistband continues to expand.I decided it was a good time to take my wife out for Mother's Day and let my children enjoy some of the finer dining she and I have enjoyed previously on special mom and dad dates. This is one of my favorite places to get a steak in Las Vegas.   In my humble opinion the food is outrageously good.  Everything I've had I would be more than happy to recommend to a friend.   Of course they started with the classic fresh baguette and butter that they bring at the beginning of the meal.  I was somewhat disappointed in a single baguette brought to a table of five.  Considering that automatically an 18% gratuity is included because of the party size you would think that due to that  additional cost  resources would be allocated based on the size of that party. I felt that Alertness and response to how quickly the bread was eaten should have been  improved.  Since there was not any bread left of course I was obliged to order an appetizer which I quickly did,. The  sumptuous melted goat cheese.  This came with a nice garlic herb bread.  However I'm lost again on the  small amount of bread and as to the portion sizes you should use with the bread to go with the tomato and cheese mixture.  It is rich in flavor when adding the melted goat cheese tomato mixture to the bread and I would question how much you would need to add to use all of the sauce that's included with the small amount of bread  without overpowering the flavors of the bread. I did request to have them bring over another baguette  to which they quickly obliged.  And we used that to sop up most of the remaining mixture from the appetizer. I ordered my standard fare the bone in ribeye classique medium rare  with their macaroni and shells concoction that is beyond devine,  my oldest daughter had the beef Wellington  with the best cauliflower mash I've ever tried my wife ordered the filet mignon classique medium rare. my younger daughter had the daily special lobster bisque and finally my son had a  very uptown looking hamburger and fries which made him abundantly happy  and he also scarfed down the extra fruit and other good veggies that they included.  With the slight exception of my wife's filet that came out  essentially blue rare rather than medium rare on the first try which was quickly remedied and the odd portion sizes for bread the food was perfect.  The only thing I really felt that could've been improved beyond the aformentioned lack of attentiveness to the Appetites at the table.  Was the amount of wind coming through into the middle dining room between the patio and the sunroom.   My wife and daughters of course being that it was a special occasion had gone to great lengths to make themselves look more beautiful than usual  and the wind was excessive enough that it tussled their hair much like being in a convertible.  Which of course as a husband and father I thought looked cute  but certainly less and their enjoyment of the experience.  It was definitely a surreal and quiet setting  when we weren't dealing with the breif moments with bursts of air which is what we  specifically requested  in the reservation request as my son is autistic and too much stimulation like  you normally find in a busy restaurant can make things difficult for him to handle.   All I know fantastic server fantastic experience very little to complain about I am giving this a four out of five I think that's a very honest and fair scoreI can't say enough about this place! First off, the outdoor seating is awesome! It's right across from the Bellagio, so as your eating your meal you can watch the fountain show. On top of location, the service and food is one of the BEST on the strip! This place is wonderful for breakfast and lunch. Never been for dinner so I can't speak for their dinner menu. A wonderful place with awesome food.

The only thing keeping this from a 5 star review, was the hostess's at the door. They all seemed to be about 21 years old and preoccupied in their own conversation. Not very friendly towards the customers. 

Overall, a great experience. I will definitely go back when I visit Las Vegas!!!always have breakfast here at least one day when i'm in town.  sit on the patio and enjoy the view facing bellagio.  

i try not to get too adventurous for breakfast so i always get the three eggs with bacon.  sit back, relax and order an espresso (double shot). 

wait staff is always nice and diligent.Great restaurant with a decent price. The steaks are good and the atmosphere is great. Very lively, and the view outdoors is nice.This place is AMAZING. Everyone in my group was so happy we found this place. Their breakfast is just amazing. I wanted to stay in vegas permanently just to eat here every day.  The croissants and raspberry jam are perfect together. They have some of the best coffee I've ever tasted. EVERYTHING for breakfast is pretty much great. The waitstaff are friendly. For dinner: the steaks are well worth the money. I wouldn't pay $35-45/per person every night for dinner, but it is worth going at least once for dinner. Love this place. Make sure you make reservations, especially for dinner.I went to the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant for the Thanksgiving holidays with my boyfriend and we loved it! We ordered baked goat cheese as appetizer and my bf got a pan seared atlantic salmon and I got a bordelaise steak. The food was awesome and the service was great.
The location is perfect, just in front of the Bellagio fountain. Having a glass of champagne with good company, food and that environment... priceless!I came here with two of my girlfriends and although we had to wait around 45 minutes to an hour it was absolutely worth it! The food was amazing and the wine our server recommended was paired perfectly. We sat inside and enjoyed the atmosphere tremendously. All of our meals during our stay in Vegas were pricy but this was the one meal that was absolutely worth every cent and for the food felt like it was very reasponable. I want to come back everytime I'm in Vegas now and am so glad we went...highly recommend it!I had an amazing breakfast here. They had a wide variety to select from including crepes, omelettes, oatmeal, fruit & breakfast sandwiches. I got the quiche lorraine which was WAY bigger than I expected (pleasant surprise). We also shared some lemon crepes at the table, which were also huge. They were great too! Will definitely come back for breakfast here when I'm in Vegas.The perfect classic French Bistro located in the heart of Vegas sells one of the most mouth-watering steaks I have ever tried. I don't know why I always skipped past this place but certainly didn't regret it when I finally gave it a shot. If you are ever in the mood for a perfect steak, I recommend you try their "Au Poivre" in other words "Steak sauteed in brandy peppercorn sauce"Several friends suggested this crazy busy French restaurant across the street from the Bellagio water show.

Crazy busy.... But CRAzY good. We had waiter 120 (Dion) and everyone except me had the Filet Mignon. I went for the larger, more marbled ribeye, and it was the wrong choice. Although a great ribeye steak, the filet was to die for. Succulent and perfect, it will be hard not to go back over the next few days we are in Vegas!

Only reason not given 5 stars is the ambience. It is what it is, just realize your chairs or going to get bumped by staff and it is insanely busy! The food is 5 stars all the way!Filet Mignon was so tender and juicy. It was actually bigger than I had expected, which was a plus. The onion soup was pretty good but not something I would really crave to have again. And again the serving size of the soup was pretty big. A lot of the waiters/waitresses seemed to have a French accent. Our waiter's accent was pretty thick that it was a little difficult to understand what he was saying. I wonder if the accents are real or just for show.. hehe.

The service was awesome. They were really on top of everything. I had even dropped my fork and by the time I even noticed it was on the floor the waitress was already setting a new one on my table! It was pretty crazy.Had the Moscou Mule and the Wild Boar Ragu. The mule was delicious as well as refreshing. The Wild Boar Ragu had beautiful pasta as well as tender pieces of boar, bacon and cheese. The pasta noodles were cooked to perfection and the boar was juicy and flavorful. Recommend highly.I ordered the CHILLED ASPARAGUS SOUP and the ASPARAGUS & SPINACH QUICHE.  For dessert I had the PROFITEROLE TRIO.

I loved the soup and the quiche was very good.  I've never actually had chilled soup and I'm glad my first experience was great.  The quiche was just a little too rich for me but very flavorful.  The crust was good and the filling was creamy.

The profiteroles were delicious!  The ice cream was super creamy and rich and the chocolate sauce was delicious.  

Another thing I love about this place, was that there was more than one vegetarian option!

Service was also very very good.Good place to have some fine fresh dishes. Not that much people/wait time. You can choose to seat inside or outside with a view to the strip and Bellagio fountain view just across the street. Of course, this place is overpriced just like other restaurants in Vegas.We went here for dinner and it was great, the service was spectacular as was the meal and appetizers.  Very good selection of wine as well.  The roast chicken is highly recommended.Update 12-2015

Still good and a favorite spot. Service was not great this time around especially as the restaurant was not that busy. At the end of the day what matters is the food, and it did not disappoint again. The French toast is a must!!If your looking for bagel and lox, come here. It's delicious! Another recommendation, corned beef Hash with poached egg... amazing! Definitely coming back next time we're in Vegas~A breathtaking view at the top of the Eiffel + dinner at Mon Ami Gabi after = romantic date! 

And that is exactly what my hubby and I did one weekend in Vegas! He took me up to the top of the tower and saw the whole city of Las Vegas! The view was aaaaamazing! 

We dined in for dinner late Sunday night and there was numerous of vacant seats indoor. It was freezing outside and there were more patrons seated outdoor than indoor! Well, thank goodness for those warm heat lamps! We chose to sit outdoors on the patio next to one of those heat lamps! The location of this restaurant is great because it sits right in front of Bellagio's water show. It was nice to see what water dance every 15 minutes. :)

Okay, so the dinner. We ordered smoked salmon with cream cheese as an appetizer and for our entrees I ordered their giant scallops and my hubby ordered a steak. The smoked salmon was super delish and very fresh. I can honestly say this is probably one of my favorite appetizers. My scallops were just as good. Very soft and flavorful.  My entree also came with mashed potatoes topped with brussel sprouts. Who would have known that the combination of the two would be very tasty?! My hubby enjoyed his steak though he thinks it tasted mediocre. 

Our server was very generous. I asked for hot water (since it was so cold!) and he made sure my water was warm throughout the night. He even replaced my pot of hot water with a new one! He was very attentive and took good care of us! :) 

This is a place I would recommend for others to try. I would love to come back for brunch one day considering it's high reviews!As if this place needs another review. Ill do it anyways. Amazing service despite the crazy crowdedness! Highly highly recommend reservations (just do it right now on yelp thru opentable!) or else you face a 2 hour wait on weekend nights. Food is ridiculously good and not overhyped. Very clean simple dishes that are executed perfectly. Not pretentious at all. 

Must try's: steak and frites, chicken paillard, soup du jour, bread pudding.

Yummilicious factor - A+Some may call this a tourist trap in Vegas, but its reputation is based on merit and not hype! Expect beautiful Parisian decor, an inviting patio perfect for brunch and people watching, friendly staff and an incredible gluten free menu. 

They have a great selection of brunch cocktails, including a huge variety of champagne. 

We opted for lunch since it was around 11am. My friend got the Croque-Monsieur with frites and it was a huge, stacked portion covered in creamy bechamel. Yum! She couldn't finish it, so if you have a smaller appetite, consider sharing this rich delight. Each table also gets a freshly made french baguette which came out piping hot. I got the steak frites which was a grilled skirt steak with herb butter. There are multiple steak frites options but due to food allergies, I got the basics. It melted in my mouth and I ate every bite!

Food allergy info:
Ask for a Gluten Free menu before being seated. They have a ton of options, including gluten free bread (has egg in it), french onion soup (with GF crouton!), the frites are pan fried in canola oil (no soy here! woo!) and plenty of egg dishes that are naturally GF. I let my server know about my allergies and he took care of me. Amazing experience!We ate there 4 times last week during our 4 night stay in Las Vegas.   We are not boring eaters!  My daughter has celiac, so we booked 4 reservations there because they had a Gluten Free menu, and had excellent reviews from other celiacs.   

I am now giving them my own excellent review of the restaurant.

We found all the wait staff we interacted with very knowledgeable with their menus, and were friendly and professional.

We liked that all their gluten free meals arrived with a stick that flagged the dish as a special meal for someone with food restrictions.   

My daughter ordered their steak (filet mignon) with flat fries.    The steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and she loved their fries.   Their GF trout dish was also excellent.

We had two breakfasts there.   They don't have a dedicated GF breakfast menu, but they have quite a few gf options, including gluten free waffles and French Toast.

The GF Waffle was very good, but we expected that, as we had great GF waffles at lots of places.   Their gluten free French Toast was extraordinarily good.   

I am sure we will eat there again when we go back to Vegas.Our last meal in Vegas and we came here. We sat on the patio (in January!) and had the best meal we've had in the 5 days we were here. Perfectly cooked filet mignon with Merlot butter and good little French "frites". Great gluten free menu, a gluten free bread and olive plate, and special allergy tags for food.We sat on the patio right on the strip and I ordered the eggs benedict. It was fab! 

Wish I took a picture!Wonderful experience, great service and exceptional food.  Only reason I did not give 5 stars is it is geared towards tourists, like everything is in Vegas. We went for a special dinner, to celebrate a special event... it just lacked the "wow" and "over the top" I was hoping forThis was a pleasant experience, but it was not amazing. The food was good, the filet mignon lived up to its reputation, and the pulled pork sandwich and the caramelized scallop were good as well. 

The issue was the service. I will give them the benefit of the doubt because it is December 25th, even when the restaurant is not as busy as others on the vicinity. 

Maybe I will eat here on a future trip to Vegas, but the truth is that I take no memorable impression.With a girlfriend of mine, went here twice on our vacay to Vegas and absolutely loved it. The first night, before heading out for the night, we got dressed up and decided to have a fancy dinner. Their fresh, warm baguettes are AMAZING. We both had the French Onion soup and shared a bottle of their house Chardonnay. The soup was soooooo delicious. Burnt cheese is always delicious. Brothy and full of flavor, I don't think I've ever had a better French onion soup. Their wine was yummy, but we are not wine connoisseurs, so we could really have cared less- just wanted to catch a buzz. Our waitress wasn't the greatest. A little slow and seems disinterested in our table.

 The second time, we grabbed lunch. Baguette was a little hard, but still tasty. My friend got the soup again and I swear it tasted EVEN better than the night before. I had the Shrimp Cocktail and it was delish. Jumbo shrimp were served on ice with a really yummy cocktail sauce with fresh garlic on top. So good! Much better service this time around.I wish I could swim in a vat of Mon Ami Gabi's bearnaise and hollandaise sauce. I would happily drown in it, as long as I had five minutes to bathe in it and dip their delicious gluten free bread in it. In fact, if I ever go to jail and am on death row, you know exactly what I want as my last meal. MON AMI GABI.

It's hard to find restaurants that offer a gluten free menu at times. Mon Ami? BOOM! In your face, have it right on their posted menu everywhere in and outside of Paris. Let me tell you, it may look small, but you don't need variation. All you need is either A. Brunch, B. STEAK BEARNAISE or C. Seafood Platter.

Brunch: For the fiance, a crepe filled with tender, juicy chicken and brie cheese. For myself, Eggs Benedict on, wait for it, GF BREAD! DELICIOUS! My fiance was silent the entire meal, and happily for him, so was I. PHENOMENAL. His crepe smelled like a beautiful spring morning relaxing at a small cafe in Paris. Yes, it reminded me of comfort and bliss. He said it tasted better than the smell. My Eggs Benedict? You saw the first sentence of this review. Enough said. Also, may I please advise you to get their BLOODY MARY BAR. Yes. MAKE YOUR OWN BLOODY MARY complete with several hot sauce options and oh, a BEEF STICK. THANK YOU DELICIOUSNESS!

Steak Bearnaise: Please see first sentence. Just add beef and the most amazing steak frites I have ever had in my life and you have yourself a winner, winner, moo-cow dinner. $25 for a perfectly cooked medium rare steak with non-greasy or heavy steak frites. No ketchup or steak sauce necessary my friends. This is pure meaty heaven.

Seafood Platter: If you don't like seafood, avoid it. If you like seafood, stick your head into the platter and enjoy the happiness that unfolds before your tastebuds. Simple, clean, perfect portion for two people and FRESH. There's no peculiar fish smell here; it's some of the best seafood I've ever had away from the east coast. Beautiful presentation and just perfect.

Go here. Now. Immediately. DO. NOT. DELAY. Did I mention the bearnaise sauce yet...mmmm...

P.S. The wait for the tables outside are worth if after 7:00PM with the Bellagio fountains going off every 15 minutes!I am extremely impressed by this establishment because not only was it affordable for French food but it was really good too. Me and a few friends decided to come here after checking out the reviews on yelp and were not disappointed! 

I had the Bordelaise and had a chance to try the Bearnaise from my boyfriend as well. Both steaks were made so perfectly but let me tell you something. If you're coming here you need to get the Bearnaise. I PROMISE you that you won't be disappointed. I was extremely jealous because my boyfriend's plate was so good. I enjoyed mine as well and I will never eat steak the same way ever again. Hopefully, I can come back here when I go to Vegas again one day!I was worried that food in Las Vegas would be cheap, thrown together meals. I was so wrong, especially in this situation. Friendly service, everything reflected the atmosphere they clearly tried to create. I ordered just an appetizer (salmon) the first time i went, and enjoyed it greatly. My family looked at the dessert menu and new we would have to come back, because we were stuffed. Our waitress gave us a free mini dessert as a "teaser" after we paid even though she wouldn't even be working the next night. We went back and I got the bananas foster crepe. It was perfection.My last visit was August 2011 so this may be a little out dated but just have to express my love for this place!!

We ate here 4/5 mornings during our stay at Paris. We were a party of 6 and never failed to get a patio table, never a wait. We ate between 8-10am most mornings.

Everything we tried was superb, but the Benedict specials were amazing! I'm headed back in October and this place is at the top of my list to return to. I'll be back for breakfast but would also like to spend an evening there.I love how many of my favorite restaurants in Chicago have double lives in Vegas!  Had reservations at Mon Ami after our O show at the Bellagio.  Still had a short wait which was OK , took advantage of the open seats at the bar for our over priced french kiss martini.  We got really nice seats overlooking the Bellagio fountain and our server was so upbeat and friendly.  The food was excellent just like all of my other Mon Ami dining experiences.  Great way to start the night!I love it here! The best time to go is in the late evening for dinner, when you can sit outside and watch the Bellagio Fountain show and people watch as you are enjoying your meal here. The steak and fries are just wonderful here, and the service is attentive. The atmosphere is almost 5 stars in itself!Loved the food...loved the service, but the view of the Bellagio is the best!!One of the best places for dinner on the strip! My friends and I ate dinner on the Patio. The view of the strip as well as the Bellagio's Fountains in the background was great. As for price, it ran us about $350.00 for 5 people to have a full 3 course dinner with wine. We had not seen each other so we spent well over two hours talking and socializing during our dinner. This was one of the best evenings we all spent together in Las Vegas. It is a lot of food, but take your time and have the soup, main course, and desert. Desert is hard to order when your full, but it is absolutely amazing here!

The wait staff did a great job taking care of us. We were never once interrupted and even with a busy place they took their time with us explaining everything as well as giving us the felling there was no hurry take your time. The most amazing thing, was that we thought our waitress did such a good job we tipped her very well. She came running after us to make sure that we understood that we had given a large trip. After we explained that yes we did that intentionally she thanked us and wished us a good night.We waited only 20 minutes to get a table outside in a sunny holiday. Ham & cheese crêpe and quiche were delicious! Also the chocolate cake was good (though it would be bette rid it had a chocolate sauce). Great views at the Bellagio fountains and people watching, very kind waitress. Worth the money!!So fun. 
Another birthday lunch, this time from a former boss.
The only thing I wanted from this birthday was oysters. He recommended Comme Ca at the Cosmo unfortunately when we went, it was closed *sad face*

So we walked over to Mon Ami Gabi. French faire and oysters on the menu! I was happy to finally try this place so, missing out on Comme Ca wasn't such a disappointment.

Sitting outside wasn't an option as it was a nice warm day so, people were all about eating outside. Luckily, our indoor seating was still semi-outdoor. Think covered patio. The lighting was great with the sun shining in.

Ordered my oysters and chicken breast; and he got steak. Normally, I would've gotten lamb or some other protein but, after stuffing my face in Hawaii, I figured a chicken breast meal was a healthy bet.

Oysters were yummy. Shockingly fresh tasting. I just wish there was soy sauce to put on my oysters.
Chicken was filling but not too much which is exactly what I was looking for. His steak was yummy, too.

I'd love to come back here and try more things. Hopefully, get my lamb fix =)We love Mon Ami Gabi.  It's on the short list for lunch on our visits to Vegas for several reasons.

Raison 1:  French Onion Soup.  The classic French preparation.  Nothing fancy.  Just cheesy, oniony goodness iin a wonderful beef stock with just the right amount of saltiness. Oooh la la...

Raison 2:  The Croque Monsieur is a terrific semi-open face ham and cheese sandwich.  With gruyere and creme fraiche accompanying the ham, this is one marvelously decadent sandwich.  Fork and knife required.  The fries that come with the dish are frite-style:  thin cut and delicious. Magnifique!

Raison 3:  The grilled salmon and spinach salad is nice piece of fish, perfectly prepared, on a bed of fresh spinach with advocado, blueberry and a walnut vinaigrette.  Perfect.  Healthy.  Tasty.

BTW, for dinner Mon Ami's steaks are darn good, too.

A few years ago we experienced an issue with our dining experience, and I wrote to the parent company.  I received a beautiful note in return offering personal assistance on my next visit.  i never took Mon Ami up on that offer, but I happily return, knowing that someone is watching the store at Mon Ami, and doing a pretty good job keeping customers happy.

Bon appetit!This restaurant is located in the Paris casino/resort.  Dine on the patio for a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  We were seated immediately even though we arrived 15 minutes before our reservation time.  The service was excellent and the food was very good.  Great wine selection.  The oysters on the half-shell were served very cold and very fresh.  Select your main and side dish separately.  We ordered creme brulee for dessert; it was wonderful.  I give this restaurant four stars instead of five because the food was very good, but not the best I've ever had.The food and waiter service is great. Meals arrived quickly after ordering. Everything from the starting bread to the desert was delicious. I recommend the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding. The only downside is that it can get a bit noisy, and you can be left waiting 30mins to be seated if you happen to miss your reservation-time by 15mins. But all and all a very pleasant experience. I'll be back again.Amazing. Reasonable pricing. Fast pace service. Great customer service & very polite. Loved it !!!!Im pretty much in love with Place, the outside view is amazing. I'm a Vegas local and Im inconstantly craving their steak & fries ! They have all kinds of sauces that you can chose from. Also the service is top noch. Ive had a different server every time I go and I always have a great experience. I would love to try their lunch but im usually at work wahhh. Cant have enough of this place. Very classy and chill for a night out with your loved one. Strongly recommend.Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite spots to have brunch in Vegas, sitting on the outdoor patio overlooking the strip with the Eiffel Tower behind me, enjoying delicious French food! Such a nice serene (and sometimes romantic) feeling sitting there. Plus, we had a fantastic view of the Bellagio water show! 

Service was good, although they were quite busy and we had to hunt our water down for some extra small plates and dessert. Their complimentary bread isn't the greatest, kind of thin and hard. I had the mimosa for brunch and my friend had the Bloody Mary which turned out to be really good. I always order the escargots and mussels for starters. They are so delish! Their mussels are plump and juicy, unlike typical mussels which are dry and chewy. Their broth is buttery and savory...I can literally drink that thing! It's so good! 

Instead of ordering my usual eggs benedict, this time I opted for steak & frites. Had the steak classic which was buttery. Their steak fries are good! Ordered my steak medium rare, but it came out kinda medium and a bit dry in some areas. My friend ordered the steak with wine sauce (forgot the name, but it's the 3rd steak on the list) and ordered it rare. Turned out tasting perfect! So, I highly recommend getting "rare" because the steak is thin and it will be more tender like a medium rare. Next time, I want to try their patê appetizer and possibly crepe or quiche.If you're trying to sit outside, expect a wait.  However, you can sit in the glass-enclosed room that feels like being outside (you have the view, but still have A/C!) and it's just as nice.  

Service is very attentive and pleasant.  I had the blueberry French Toast - YUM.  While it's pricey for a meal, everything in Vegas sort of is.  They do take reservations, so make some and skip the line.  Overall, a nice experience.I sort of hate to admit that one of my absolute favorite places to eat in Vegas and someplace we eat at at least once or twice each trip is a hotel restaurant, but the food is just plain awesome!  Breakfast s great and the people watching, if you sit outside, is the best show in town. What can be more fun than eggs at 7:30 am while watching the wrecked people stumble by that haven't been to bed yet.This place is awesome!  actually ended up eating dinner here twice on my 3-day trip to Vegas last month. Nothing beats sitting on the patio, overlooking the strip.. Great views & great people-watching! Thoroughly enjoyed a steak frites plate on my first visit.. The strip steak was cooked to perfection and the fries were delicious.  On my second visit I enjoyed Gabi's martini, which was terrific. The highlight of all my time at Mon Ami Gabi? The baked goat cheese! Absolutely, hands-down the best dish out there. The flatbread, the sauce, and the cheese make the perfect combo. Only wish it was served with more bread!  I also had the caesar salad and an order of 6 oysters on the half shell which were in special that night... Everything was great! A very memorable evening, can't wait to return!Best place to go for lunch with the girls. Amazing view from the patio. It's a quaint French bistro. Try the steak frites & onion soup.Awesome view with incredible view...wait staff sucks ballsDelicious food! Loved the romantic feeling of the French style restaurant. Located in the Paris Paris hotel it's easy to get to, fairly quick to sit down if you want to sit inside, outside usually has a wait. Great service and great quality food.I brought the 14 of us here for dinner at a Bachelorette wkend. My only complaint- we arrived on time and our table was waiting for us but the 14 of us had to wait and clog the line to be seated because there was only one hostess. Time to come on out and seat us Mon Ami!

Food and service were excellent and the price point is around $20 which is very fair for the strip. They even let us split into 7 checks. When we were done I walked my group to the Paris valet where our hummer limo was waiting.

I will mention that I like the lunch menu a little better than the dinner menu because of their wonderful French brunch items.-Food: Very fresh and tasty with a great selection. I had the salmon kale salad which was perfect. My friend had the salmon which she loved and my hubby ordered the Beef Wellington which he enjoyed. We also loved the bread
-Prices: On the high side but worth it
-Location: Conveniently located in the middle of the strip and (Best part!) across the street from the Bellagio Fountains! If you're on the patio you can watch them which is awesome and adds to the classy ambiance
-Staff: The waiter was very helpful, quick, and friendly
-Overall: I will keep this on my list of places to eat at while on the stripI like this place very much, great customer service, great view, and amazing food.

we tried the union soup and the beacon on the bloody mary was simply memorable.

Would love to go back for dinnerNice french restaurant located on the strip. They accomodate groups but I'd suggest you make reservations ahead of time because this place is quite popular and is crowded on a weekend evening. Just keep in mind they won't seat you until your entire group is present...yep, we had to wait a while since people from our large group kept wandering off every time they were ready to seat us haha. 

The food was great, and I had a steak that was tender and cooked to perfection. Their wine selection is pretty great as well and we ordered a few bottles of reds for our table to share. The staff is friendly and attentive, and kept coming by to check on us. I'm not an expert on French cuisine but this place was pretty good. As for the ambiance...I have no idea because we had a large group and were more focused on discussing football and parlays before, during and after our meal...I absolutely adore Mon Ami Gabi! The atmosphere is perfect, service is always good and the food is delicious.

My boyfriend & I decided to have our anniversary dinner here out of allllll the Vegas restaurants simply based on the ambiance. The outdoor seating is the best (hello, Bellagio fountain show!) but be prepared to wait because they only accept reservations for their indoor seating. For such a popular restaurant with an amazing location, the price point at Mon Ami Gabi is totally reasonable. The restaurant falls between a casual/lively/family setting and an intimate/date setting.

The Pear & Endive salad, Trout Amandine and Classique Steak Frites we ordered were on point. I seriously cannot get enough of their Frites! It's the perfect cross between crunchy potato chips & fries....so addicting. The service was really welcoming & not pretentious at all. I was even surprised to see our waiter open a brand new wine bottle for me at our table when I only ordered a glass of Pinot Grigio...impressive.

Brunch here is delicious as well...I love their Quiche! And if you've ever been curious about Escargot, I would recommend ordering it here only because it's drenched in garlic & parsley...not as scary as one would think ;)This place is great!! The food is amazing, great prices and awesome location. Seating on the patio is perfect to people watch!MUST TRY when at Vegas! Came here for dinner, made reservation a day earlier. Always saw this restaurant while on the strip but never tried it. Wanted to have a nice dinner but not spend too much so tried this place out. Also the 2000+ reviews helped.

V recommend + a must try 

Fresh French bread with soft butter + radish pickle dish (see pic)

Hangar steak + pome frites -Thin steak with French fries

Filet mignon merlot- butter wine reduction 

Wild escargot bourbourgne - oven roasted snails in garlic butterRight infront of Belagio water fountains, good priced and experienced staff. Will definetely go back.Very great place to have dinner.  Incredible location if your staying near Caesars Palace and Bellagio it's walking distance.   

The Tuna Nicoise Salad was awesome.  Tuna was perfect, the salad was a complete meal.  

The $10.95 French Onion soup was however not worth the price.   I wish I had saved that room and money for dessert.

With reservations, you still need to wait in line to be seated.  And the outside wait was 1.5hrs at 8:00pm.What's better that's sitting outside on a sunny day watching bellagio fountain from across the street. Food was just fine.Great place for a late night meal. Cool atomosphere, plus since its George Wallace's fav, there 
are some good star sightings to be had here.GREAT food.

My mom loved the Filet Mignon, the merlot sauce on top was sublime 

I had the Salmon, Kale, and Spinach salad, which was cooked perfectly but a little too lemony for me - but still enjoyable when you eat it with the avocado on the plate.

Only one star off because my cousin got her food overcooked, had to wait a while to get it redone. 
The staff were super nice and accomodating about it though.

Nice location, outdoor seating with shade isn't too hot either so that was a plus. Personally I'd have stayed indoors anyways - more because I prefer the cold to heat, but my mom wanted out so, mother wonBest brunch on the strip! The blueberry French toast is amazing! Also the eggs Benedict is delicious too. Service was good, and outside seating works well with good weather. We went there twice during our weekend trip, and no regrets whatsoever!Good rating, Nice reviews everywhere. 
When I visited, the Entrance did not surprise me. It just looked like just one of franchised restaurants such as TGI Fridays.
However, when we dined for a brunch, Amazing food. 
I don't remember the service but doubt it was bad. 
we seat out side. sunshine, nice view, except the fake magician view right next to our table. but defiantly entertained me.The rib eye steak was delicious! Love the crispy frites as well. Also like the fact that they have kids meals at very reasonable prices. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves a good steak!As a Vegas Local, this is my FAVORITE people watching, fountain watching, bottle of wine spot.  My niece and I go about every 6 months and find a great table on the outside patio.  We steal away from our 'daily reality' and have a wonderful, relaxing lunch and afternoon.  We usually have all or some of these fine choices: French Onion Soup, Warm Brie Cheese, the fantastic Frisee Kale and egg salad, warm olive jar, three cheeses...and so on. Add a couple bottles of "Red" and let the day happen.  I have eaten dinner outside on the Patio a couple times: wonderful Salmon, and fantastic scallops. 
SERVICE - FOOD- ATMOSPHERE - ALL 5 STARS, over and over.excellent food, atmosphere, service and the outdoor patio overlooking Bellagio fountains is the best.  The food is excellent.Quite a surprise!  

My wife and I loved this place!  The service was excellent, the food was fantastic, and the restaurant is beautiful.  This is a winner and it is on the strip!  Yes it has tourists, yes it is in a casino but it is not like any other casino based restaurant I have ever been to.  I would highly recommend this place.Fabulous food!  Great place to people watch since you can sit right outside.  Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!  I highly recommend the mussels and the sangria!!Excellent breakfast spot!

We had:
*Ham & Cheese Omelette - Eggs and hash browns were cooked perfect!
*Steak Frites - Any time I can have this for breakfast I'm ordering it.  

Can't believe I passed this place up our first morning, but even glad that we came back to it the next morning.For just a moment, you may forget that you are in Vegas... And then you look to your right to see a bus with advertisements for a stripper, the Bellagio fountain, and a dude with a megaphone preaching the virtues of God in Sin City. 

Came here for some brunch and had the Brie and apple chicken sandwich. Man, this sandwich is two things: totally packed full of flavor, and mess as all hell. The combinations work in a way you might not think... Guess this is a fine example of the transitory property. If Brie and apples work, and Brie and chicken works, then apples and chicken will work. Can't argue with math. 

A touch on the expensive side, but it's what can be expected for the Vegas strip. Worth going, for sure.Lovely place.

Dim, romantic setting, heavy linens and silverware, polite and prompt service. I gave it "spendy" with three $$$ because everything I REALLY wanted to eat there was in that category - you could get away with less, but once you've sat down with their warm baguette and a glass of wine, you won't want to. 

The escargots were terrific but one was very sandy/gritty, I was concerned about my teeth. Excellent hangar steak and of course the steak frites were amazing. With so much variety in Vegas, it's tempting to move on to another restaurant and another and another, but this one is definitely a keeper, will go again next time we're in town, regardless of the other temptations. Not sure if you consider this dressy or casual, both would apply here - you do need a shirt with sleeves, no wifebeaters. But golf shirts and shorts are fine. 4 stars for service, ambiance and the dinner I had, wish I could tell you folks about more of the food there but will review it again next time I'm in Vegas.Came to have a last lunch here at this French Bistro before our flight out. People all talk about the magnificent view here but when we were there, it was over 100 degrees desert heat. We kept it smart and stayed in the heat-stroke free zone (i.e. inside). I ordered the croque madame and the girlfriend ordered the french dip. I love my dish and found the extra crispy frites (read: chips) to be a pleasure to eat. My girlfriend didn't so much enjoy her dish. She said the french dip was too long and thin and the fries too crispy. I guess you can't please everyone. The menu here is quite extensive so I imagine you could come here quite a few times and not try everything.

Next time I'll come during winter and sit outside. After all, the view is probably factored into their prices.Mon Ami is the best place for breakfast in Vegas.  The hashbrowns are crispy, not greasy, potatoes are fluffy, baguette (with Nutella) is amaze-balls and the eggs Benedict special is always so good.  I always come here for breakfast every time I'm in town.  Went yesterday morning and going again today.How can you beat sitting right on the strip watching the Bellagio fountains while you eat one of the best sandwiches you can get? Well, maybe if the service was just a bit better, it would get the 5-star treatment. It's still great, based on the food and location... but drink refills happen slowly, which is a shame.  Don't get me wrong, I'm still going back (the prime rib sandwich was that amazing)... I just hope the service is a bit more on top of things next time.Wonderful find!   Thanks yelpers!!!

Had the French onion soup, and steak with blue cheese.  Awesome.  And sitting outside watching people and the Bellagio fountains -the best.

The heaters made it toasty, even though the wind was blowing - the food was great, staff always there... wonderful experience, you almost feel like you're on the streets of Paris!Amazing   awesome   lovely  So nice to find a gem - had a lovely breakfast here.  Very reasonably priced, excellent food.A fantastic meal on the strip for a reasonable price! 

It is easy to make a reservation for the day of, so if you are a last minute planner like us, at least you can rest assured that you will have a nice place to dine on the strip!

Although the interior of the restaurant looks upscale and all the servers are outfitted in dress pants and vests, it is actually a very casual dining atmosphere. The menu consists of an assortment of salads, seafoods, and steaks, and although the options are limited, it shouldn't be hard to find a dish for everyone. 

At the end of the meal, our server brought the bachelorette a cream puff/ice cream dessert on the house, which I thought was a really sweet gesture. It was just enough to pass around the table and for all of us to try a bite. Delish! :)Five star rated experience. Colby is the official best waiter I have ever had in my entire life. The escargot is highly recommended by me. It's buttery and flavorful and will melt in your mouth. The rib eye and Filet Mignon Merlot (medium well) are a must. Also, get the Riesling from France. Perfect meal in every single way.One of the best resturants in the county. great service.. great food... Can't ask for anything better.Been here for dinner a few times on my monthly trips to vegas. The food is just a little above average to me but the view is 5 stars. Outdoor dining is a must. I've never had to wait long to be seated. The price is decent for the location and the ambiance.
I usually go here to take Las Vegas "first timers." That way the can eat and enjoy the Bellagio fountains. "Killing two birds with one stone"BEST restaurant I've been to in Vegas. Service, atmosphere, location, and food were all absolutely great. This is located right off the strip right across the street from the Bellagio where the fountains are, so when the fountain started going off we could see it very quickly, which was a great site to see while enjoying great food. Everyone was so nice there and were very accommodating, they made sure we were all comfortable and we knew the menu and even made suggestions as to what was great there. Every single dish and drink I had there was also so great. I had their poutine, a drink, and their steak dish. I can hands down say that they have the best steak I have EVER tasted in my whole entire life. Their fries also paired so well with the steak, they were perfectly crisp and amazing. I had the poutine gabi, au poivre steak frites, and French martini. This will definitely a place that I will have to go to again once I'm back in Vegas!Great atmosphere IF you sit outside or the sun room. The indoor dining was so dark and cold.
The coffee was bitter or old we had to return it.
The eggs Benedict was amazing. They must use grass fed butter. Holy moly! 
The French toast was made out of magic bread! I couldn't wrap my head around it. Amazing !Amazing for brunch. We went on Easter Sunday and we had great service even though they were slammed. We ordered a goat cheese appetizer that was so good! I also had the French toast and It was covered in berries. Not to mention the view of the Bellagio fountains is great!Delicious steak frites (skirt with merlot demi). Definitely worth the wait to sit outside. Lots of people watching and the Bellagio fountains across the way.I decided to go to Mon Ami Gabi for my birthday with a party of 13.  I chose it was because it is moderately priced and I love French food.  I have to say I was quite pleased, there were a few snags but overall it was a good experience. 

The food was fantastic.  The escargot was great, very garlicky but I love garlic so I was fine with it!  My filet was cooked to medium rare perfection and was one of the best steaks I've had in a long time.  (Much better than the steak I had at N9NE) The wine we selected was fantastic, so good we ordered a second bottle.  The bananas fosters crepe was huge and my husband and I could not finish it.....it was that big! 

Overall I think it's a great dining experience on the strip if you want a good meal for your money.  W did have a large party and I found MAG to be as accommodating as possible, even seating us even though the whole party wasn't present.  While our server was attentive however, my husband received his steak au poivre, not what he ordered, but still great all the same.I came to Vegas with 3 of my friends, and we tried a bunch of restaurants. Our first stop was this place for breakfast.

We ordered:
Chocolate bacon waffle
Croissant sandwich with turkey
cinnamon pancakes
banana muffin
pain de chocolate
spinach and green vegetable omelette

The cinnamon pancakes were the best out of everything we ordered. They looked more like an unfolded crepe. We all agreed to give this place 4 stars. Good service & good food!This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I love the filet minion there. The service is very good. You can see the fountains at the Bellagio from the outside dining area and by the Window. I highly recommend sitting outside. Sometimes there's a wait to get seated outside but it's worth it if you're not in a hurry. Even with reservations and you request to sit outside there's still sometimes a wait.Such a relaxing atmosphere! Steaks were to die for. I love how thin and flavor full they are . the dessert menu was amazing as well.Brunch with a view! Located right across the Bellagio fountain show, patio seating is a must! The mushroom and brie omelette as well as the banana fosters waffles were delicious! They also serve intelligentsia coffee! 

The hostesses can have an attitude and may be rude; however, the servers are very sweet. The wait for two on New Year's Day brunch was 15 minutes.Absolutely exquisite food and gorgeous atmosphere really set the mood for a romantic evening. Truly a night I will never forget.Looking for a nice breakfast/brunch meal?!?!? YOU need to try this place. I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS ABOUT THIS PLACE BUT I AM ABSOLUTELY IN LOVE! Everytime I come back to Vegas, I HAVE TO come eat at this place. Why you say?? Its just soooo romanticccccccccccc! :D Lucky us, boyfriend and I always get seated where we have a good view of the Bellagio Fountains and its just so relaxing! 

The service is pretty awesome too and the food..the food is just so delicious. I love everything they have here and everything just tastes good! Their breakfast brunch menu is so appealing, I want to order everything on the menu! I've try their benedicts and they are all delicious! Good portion for a morning meal and prices aren't too bad too..considering its at Vegas and in "Paris" haha. But its a perfect place for you and a loved one to enjoy because it is just so pleasant and everyone is to themselves. 

FOOD! Seriously. Don't read the reviews, look at the photos! They have these pomme frites that are just simply mouth watering! This place is exactly what pleases my taste pallet and I will keep coming back everytime I drop by in Vegas. Must try!!!!Its about time I get to eat here. I only waited two years!! And well...it was worth it. Every single time I go to Vegas I try to eat here, but I always sabotage it Vegas style by getting too drunk to make it in, too hungover, or passing it up to head to a pool party, who needs food in Vegas anyways, right? 

Nope, not this time. I woke up at 8am on a Saturday and rallied the girls together to get in here for a 10:30am reservation. Ended up making it there at 10am to put in a request for a table under the little Eiffel Tower. We were seated about 30minutes later at an outside table, yes finally. 

Absolutely worth the two year wait. I had a crepe made with chicken and Brie it was borderline amazing! I had a bite of all my friends breakfast as well and everything was so good! Nothing beats fresh squeezed oj. To top it off our waiter was great he was French and had a cute little accent so he played the whole part really well. 

I recommended Mon Ami Gabi to my parents when they got here two days later and they like it so much as well they ended up eating here twice while in Vegas. I highly recommend eating here, amazing food and great service, but definitely need a reservation to get in.Holy smokes is this place delicious!  The ambience is wonderful and as an added bonus you can watch the Bellagio fountains going off throughout your dinner.

For starters, they have a fantastic wine list. We ordered a bottle of red and white wine and thoroughly enjoyed both bottles.

The bread, butter, carrot garnish was a great appetizer. We ordered the French onion soup and lemon garlic shrimp and they came out beautifully. 

The filet minion with Merlot butter was out of this world! I am not one to usually want fries with a delicious steak, so I subbed in a side salad for a 4.00 up charge. It was worth it. 

For a nice dinner with a large party (we had 16 people) they were able to accommodate us quickly and efficiently. I would highly recommend this place to anyone searching for a good filet - just be sure you get it with the merlot butter sauce.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas hands down!  Unlike some of the other gaudy and overly decorated restaurants on the Strip, Mon Ami Gabi is a no fuss, decently priced restaurant with a wonderful view and great food.

Usually during the busy weekends, it's almost impossible to get a seat on the patio, but if you're there during the week day, I highly recommend it, as you get an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.  Here is the break down:

Food- 5 stars:  the french onion soup here is amazing, as is all the steaks.  Their fries are made in house and sooo good, it kind of tastes like potato chips!  I highly recommend their avocado, salmon and blueberry salad if you want a lighter fare.  Their creme brulee is yummy too

Price: 5 stars: for Vegas, these prices are really reasonable, especially given that the food is so good.  Entrees for dinner vary about $12-$30, lunch is even cheaper.  

Ambiance: 4 stars for interior, 5 stars for patio seats

Service: 5 stars: they are very busy there any time of the week, but the servers handle it like a pro!  We've never had to flag anyone down, and our server was more then happy to recommend dishes

Location: it's located inside the Paris Hotel :)

Tip: DO make reservations, the walk in line is crazyI made reservations for 8 from opentable for a late Sunday dinner. We arrived 10 mins early and was greeted by three snooty and slightly rude hostess (except for 1 hostess who was super sweet and a die hard Chargers fan) and was told to wait 10-15 to have our table set up. Then we had to wait in small bar area which was awkward because we were standing in people's way. On the bright side, I will always remember the Charger fan hostess because she  reminded the three snooty hostess I was waiting for my table.

Despite the turnoff in the beginning our table was set up right in front of Bellagio's fountains and the view was spectacular. I had the crab cakes with mixed coleslaw for appetizer which was delicious and there were pieces of crab in every bite. For entree I had the scallops with spinach & mash potatoes. The scallops were seared perfectly and  the spinach was really good too. My boyfriend had the Bone-In Ribeye 22 oz  cooked in medium rare with caramelized onions as his choice of sauce. The Bone-In Ribeye also came with frites which were very addicting. If you want to eat steak then the Bone-In Ribeye is a must! The steak practically melted in my mouth and wasn't chewy at all. Three of my friends ordered the New York steak and said it was really good. However, Peter L & Lily L had the Steak Roquefort and was told the meat was too chewy. 

Overall, Mon Ami Gabi deserved 3.5 - 4 stars. Our waiter was really attentive and our food came out quick considering the fact we were really hungry! As much as I want to rate them 5 stars, i have to minus 1.5 stars for the snooty hostesses. Someone tell them to loosen up or
something!Well My Friend, this is a great place to dine at.  It was our last night in Vegas and wanted to dine someplace where we could people watch on the strip.  So after trying to decide between 2 places we went with Mon Ami Gabi.  Since we didn't have reservation and we wanted to sit out on the patio the wait was over an hour.  

We were seated towards the corner and was soon greeted by our waiter Scott.  He was all smiles kinda reminded me of Marc Anthony.  Very friendly and helpful in trying to decide on what to order as he shared the recomendations.

Started off with some drinks and got 2 appetizers.  

Sea scallops gratinees ~ was broiled to yummygoodness I could have easily eaten 2 plated of these.  

Mussels Mariniere ~ Cooked in white wine with slithers of garlic.  They were very good.  

Scallop potato and green beans that came with the Prime rib was very addicting.  The scallop potatoes had a pretty good garlic flavor throughout it was really good. 

Prime Rib ~ This was one huge honker of a prime rib.  Cooked perfectly to a medium rare.  It was juicy and tender.  Mmmm Meat!

Skate Wing ~ One thing I always order when its on the menu.  If you have never had one its like the best of crab, lobster and fish.  Its sooo damn good.  I could have eaten 2 of these things.  Its very lightly pan fried and served with pureed cauliflower.  

After pigging out we needed to settle out tummy so as all reasonably sound person would do we ordered some cappuccino and dessert.

Bananas Foster Crepe ~ It wasn't like the bananas fosters you get in New Orleans but it had the right flavor.  It was very good and with the tasty cup of cappuccino it was the perfect end to a great visit in Vegas.

Eyes ~ Great place to people watch and catch the show of the Bellagio fountains.
Nose ~ Smelling like its gonna be a great dinner!
Ear ~ Its a typical dinner time vibe!
Mouth ~ Really tasty good stuff!
Tummy ~ Everything was tasty good and was totally satisfied!So it was my birthday...........
We were seated outside the weather was so comfortable. I had filet with merlot sauce, crusty bread, red wine....... AMAZING!!!! (everyone had something different, All delicious)
Then,  the water show from the beligio came on..................the sound of "Frank" singing to me.
What an amazing surprise.  It was a dining experience I will never forget.If you are in the area and want good if pricey "French" cuisine, try this out. I highly recommend getting a reservation as much as possible, though, particularly when the tourist season is in full swing. I overheard others complaining of waiting over 30 minutes, I was able to be seated in 15 with my reservation. The waiters were attentive and very patient with the harried diners. It's well located along the Strip, facing the Bellagio where you can catch the light and water show every night, or just do some people watching. Now for their raison d'être. The baguette is fresh out of the oven so that was a nice plus. The steak frites were fabulous. Their frites are different from any I have ever had before. The steak was well seasoned but nothing spectacular, I have had great steaks for less. You are paying for the ambience, after all. Come with deep pockets and reasonable expectations and you will not be disappointed. Bon appetit!I first came to this restaurant at the same time last year after reading reviews on Yelp. This year, we make it a point to come here again. We also invited some friends. This place is my favorite restaurant in all of Vegas. It has a very romantic ambiance whether you sit inside or outside where you can watch the Bellagio fountain show. The prices are reasonable and not ridiculously high. The service is top notch and the food is just absolutely delicious. 
They serve you with warm tasty bread the moment you are seated. We always order sparkling water and their fruity sangria which has a hint of rosemary. The onion soup is always a must. It is just divine. My boyfriend always orders the filet mignon. The flavor is sumptuous and cooked to perfection. I ordered their mussels which came with french fries. It was cooked well and the juice is adequately flavored and salted. It was a bit creamy. Our friends ordered the salmon and roast beef. They also loved their dishes and thanked us for taking them to Mon Ami Gabi. For dessert, we ordered the pudding and it was delicious. 
This restaurant will always be in our itinerary when we visit Vegas, that's for sure. 
FYI: Be sure to make a reservation to avoid waiting a long time. If you want to sit outside so you can watch the Bellagio Fountain while eating dinner, you way have to sign in anew and wait. The wait depends on how busy they are. Last year we waited a long time to be weated outside, this year we did not so it just depends. But having a reservation is better not having one and be ready to walk around Paris for a few minutes if there is a longer wait time to get seated outside. Don't be afraid to sit outside either because they have plenty of powerful heating lamps.Lines out the door for patio seating. Tried two of the breakfast crepes apple-chicken & ham-bacon-egg, both were very good. I plan on going back to try the big skinny pancakes (which I suspect is a big crepe).Mon Ami  was excellent. The bread was warm and flaky, the service was excellent, and they had the most delicious St. Germaine cocktail spritzer that came in a small carafe. 

My only two complaints are that my steak entree came with steak frites but when I inquired about that when ordering, I was told that everything was al la carte. Additionally, the steak was butterflied to my surprise. I'd always rather be told if my steak is going to be butterflied... Sometimes I will change my order when knowing that. But, the Roquefort was delicious none the less.A perfect brunch or dinner spot. Whether you are going with mimosas or glass of whine u wont leave dissapointed. One of the best stakes I've eaten is here. Also their choice of appetizers like oyster Rockefeller or escargo or even different liver spreads are delicious. Definitely pricey French cuisine.The food is just great ! Only thing I wasn't expecting in such a luxurious restaurant is the chlorine tasting water... On such prices and quality I was expecting a filtered water ...We really enjoyed this food -- went there for dinner, ordered Steak and Frittes and the special, Duck a L'orange, with a side of ratatouille.  Everything was wonderful, quaint, and actually felt like a Parisian restaurant (having been to Paris, I feel like I can say that).  Our service was great, our food was great, and it was a fun night for two poor honeymooners trying to live large in Vegas!Good hangar steak, fritters are great.this restaurant holds a special place in my heart, whenever we're in Las Vegas, we dine here. we see My Friend, Gabi at least once a year and are never ever disappointed.We didn't have reservations and our wait time was an hour & half to sit out in the patio and with two kids who were hungry we didn't know how they would do. We are glad to say it was the best restaurant we ate at in a very long time. The service was excellent. The waiter brought out soup right away with the bread and strawberry jam. We recommend the bison, filet mignon, and bone-in rib-eye. This is our all time favorite restaurant!  Go, it is worth the wait!Wow, what a gem in Vegas! If you're into European cuisine like me, Mon Ami Gabi is a breath of fresh air and a taste of heaven. The moment you walk in, you will smell their amazing baked fresh daily French bread which they bring to you in bread loaf bags. Yes, it's delicious ... their homemade whipped butter and special apple topping will put this bread over the top.

I would highly recommend the Salmon appetizer with creme fraiche as well as the red wine filet mignon. By the time you're done eating many loafs of bread, fish, and steak you will be stuffed and feel like a king. Don't take my word for it though, because you have to try this place for yourself at least once in your life!I've eaten at Mon Ami Gabi three times and have always enjoyed the food, the service, and the atmosphere.  The French onion soup is quite good,  steaks are  better than average, desserts are pleasant enough, coffee is terrific, wine list is adequate (for me anyway),  I don't care for the potatoes, but that's just  personal preference.   Reservations are honored beautifully by a staff who looks too busy to remember their own names.  Impressive!  I have yet to eat on the outdoor terrace with it's view of the Bellagio fountains, but this winter for sure!Amazing crepes!  I had the ham and cheese crepe and it was sooo good.  Very rich and very filling.  They also have great salads and steak.  This is a go to place for me to take my clients each year for the various conferences that bring me to vegas.Every time I've been in Vegas, I've always eyed this cute little cafe that's right outside of the Paris Hotel & Casino. This time, I had the time to stop by and made reservations on Open Table in advance! :)

FYI, if you want to sit outside in the patio area, there's a separate waiting list (even if you've already made reservations) and that can take about 10-15 more min.

Ambiance:
-Very intimate, cozy

Service:
-Waiters/waitresses very great, very friendly and polite.. but it did take a while for me to get my coffee refills

Food:
-Quiche lorraine: Really good! It's not just a slice of quiche, like most restaurants, but you get your whole mini-pie! Definitely filled me up.. and I loved the cheese and the bacon pieces. 

Very cute place to grab some yummy brunch with some friends! :)Absolutely loved the seared sea scallops with carmelized brussels sprouts and bacon and cauliflower puree. Great view of the Bellagio fountains. Oh, and can't forget about the decadent bread pudding...amazing!This place was amazing.  The service was impeccable.  The food was delicious.   and the whole experience was unforgettable. 

i ordered the prime burger with brie cheese.  and my gf ordered the half mussel plate.  both of which were very tasty.  

They also give you free bread to munch on and this weird picked carrot spread to use with the bread.  

The servers were very nice and tended to our every need.

The view was majestic.  Make sure you get outdoor seating if you can beat the heat.  How can you beat a view of the ballagio water fountains combined with the view of the bustling street view of Vegas?  

5/5.  Recommended.Be sure and make reservations as there will be a wait generally. 

The service and food were very good. We were seated right outside the door of the main restaurant on the patio. 

Service was good and attentive throughout the entire meal. A few of us had the steak, others salmon and pasta. All of the meals were very good and came out fairly quickly. 

Dessert menu was great and we had a few of them. Creme brûlée was prepared well and very good. 

The only real downside to this restaurant is the noise level. It was so loud is was very difficult to carry on a conversation with all members at our table.I really like this place. The food is good, the ambience and view are great! I had the seafood crepe, which was delicious. My kids enjoyed the steak sandwich. Husband said the French onion soup was good. I was here back in May 2015 with friends and we all enjoyed it then, too. If you like thick steak fries, don't order the frites. If you like them thin and crispy, you're in luck! Great place to relax with a glass of wine and enjoy the view!I have been going here every time when I visit Las Vegas (yearly) for the past 9 years. 
Never been disappointed with my dish or service provided. 
Very reasonable rates for the amazing tasty food you get. I'm going back again next month and I'm excited! 
Love there hamburger with avocado, egg etc... Fries are  thin but perfectly cooked. French style.. The way it should be and served in a stainless steel vertical basket. Fun place to people watch as the strip is right outside. 
Very much recommended.We read about this place on yelp and really enjoyed our meal. The only reason we're not giving 5 stars is that we reserve that for absolutely mind blowing. 

Make no mistake, the food was delicious and the service was impeccable. We ordered the warm brie,  steak frites bordelaise medium rare, and French Toast.

Brie was perfectly warmed and softened with roasted garlic cloves, toasted macadamia nuts, and Yummy honey drizzle. 
 
The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were thin, crispy and delicious. 

The French Toast was made with brioche, just the way true "pain perdu" should be made. I highly recommend trying this delicious classic. 

We sat on the patio and had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains. Overall exactly what you would hope a Sunday brunch should be. A delightful surprise in the middle of the strip.I came here after a recommendation from someone in a casino elevator. I was not sure what to expect. It was fantastic. I had gone to Gallagher's last night and the steaks do not  even compare. I had a New York strip that was super tender and cooked perfectly. The warm Brie app was great and the Brussels sprout side was smoke, but tasty. My waiter Sam was attentive and had a very good demeanor. The price is not cheap but well worth it. I almost forgot to mention the Frites are awesome.This is mine and my husband's favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner! The staff is always accommodating, friendly and very customer oriented (rare find now a days).  There is nothing better than enjoying a few drinks and any of their fabulous dishes on the terrace.  The fountains at Bellagio are enjoyable, as well as "people watching" on the Las Vegas Strip.Reservations highly recommended, but if you want to sit outside you'll have to put yourself on the wait list no matter what. Since it was wintertime when I dined here I didn't mind sitting indoors. We were seated in the sun room section of the restaurant, so we were able to enjoy a view without freezing our heinies off outside.

For the most part I really enjoyed my meal here. Although the chicken liver mousse tasted just like regular liverwurst you can buy at the grocery store (I've had much better), it was still decent. I loved my bacon kale salad and would definitely order it again. My husband tried the chicken and brie sandwich and neither of us really liked it that much. The french bread they serve is SO good. It's warm and fresh when they bring it to your table too. However, I would prefer they pre-slice the bread beforehand. We requested that it be sliced and when they brought it back to us the slices of bread were all smashed! Another word of advice: invest in a decent bread knife for customers who want their bread sliced.

Service was great. Our waitress was super sweet and pleasant and very attentive.Excellent  food and service.
I ordered omelette & egg benedict with coffee.
Loved everything. 
I will be back for sure!!!Love this place!  It has a great atmosphere, the food is consistently good, if you sit on the patio you can watch the Fountain show of the Bellagio.The food and the atmosphere were great, and the prices are pretty reasonable for a fancy strip restaurant.  They have a good gluten free menu & even have GF bread!I love this place so much!!!! From the food, to the decor, to the service and the ambiance. I come from a francophone background, so France and french food is very familiar to me.  I have to say I feel like I am back in France here:) 

I came here last week for lunch without a reservation, they seated me outside at a table  with a beautiful view of the strip and the bellagio fountains. 

Right away, I was greeted with a hot and fresh baguette and butter. I proceeded to have the chicken mushroom crepe in Brie, and it was SO GOOD! I was so happy. Pick this is if you're looking something not too crazy but utterly divine. 

My waiter was this sweet guy from the Midwest ( I forgot his name, but I remember him being from Missouri) and he checked on me every 5 minutes. He was awesome! 

This is a must in Vegas!!! Please stop here if you want to people watch, enjoy the views of the strip and have great food!Went here with my friend yesterday.  We thought we would sit outside and have a beautiful view.  They asked us three times if we were sure we wanted to sit outside.  Of course, there are umbrellas.  Yeah well, five minutes after sitting down we were sweating our butts off.  We should have definitely sat inside.  It was hard to enjoy the food, since we both ordered something hot and just wanted lunch to be over with.

When you first sit down, they bring out bread and butter, which is so good!   The food was delicious!  I ordered the mussels and the broth that it is in is divine.  Something that I could eat all day!  Garlic, butter, sweet onions, parsley- YUM!  Nothing overbearing, but really good.

My friend ordered the salmon over it looked like orzo and peas and she said that it was really good.

The service was good and they let us change tables in the shade, but barely in the shade, so we ate fast and got out of there.  If its 80-90 degrees outside- SIT INSIDE!

I'm sure that it would be perfect at night.  The view is incredible- you can't beat it!

Can't wait to go back again!Probably the best meal we had in Vegas over Thanksgiving weekend. If the weather permits, sit out on the patio and go for dinner! You have a spectacular view of the dancing waters at the Bellagio - great ambiance and fun! We started with the Baked Cheese and Tomato appetizer that was amazingly good! The bread that they serve throughout dinner is also really yummy! The boys also had the escargot that they enjoyed. For dinner I had the Butter Lettuce Salad that was fresh with a great dressing. I also had the yukon gold potato soup with brie which was delicious and very filling. My boyfriend had the Beef Wellington which he liked and my parents had the Steak Roquefort that they absolutely loved. Very tender and well prepared. And the frites that were served with it were yummy, also. Our best bang for our buck on our trip!We've been here a few times and are never disappointed. This time, we went for breakfast. The service is usually pretty good, but this time, it was exceptional, and our server was very nice and energetic (understatement).

The food was very good. I had the corned beef hash and poached eggs. Depending on how much you eat though, the portions may be somewhat small. In addition to our main dishes, my wife and i shared an apple cinnamon waffle, or was it carmelized apple waffle, i dont remember. What i do remember is the apples tasted great and the waffle itself was so good. 

For our other meals here, we've always had lunch or dinner, and always opt for the steak frites. Food was very good and at a reasonable price, especially for vegas. Add that you even get an amazing view.Not too pricey (for vegas) and great food. Very touristy, but hey what places aren't in Vegas? I had the delicious trout and caesar salad. good wine selection too.Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to grab breakfast/lunch on the Strip. 
The heated outside patio is a perfect spot to sit and enjoy the Bellagio Fountains, while having a bite to eat.
The food is simple and reasonably priced.  I highly recommend the bananas foster waffles. Portions here aren't huge, but the food is good and the atmosphere is great.One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas because it is a decent price for what you get. Sitting outside with the fountains and people watching makes it that much better. Go for the brunch and stay for the drinks, great place to watch the day pass by you.My wife and I came here for an anniversary dinner and we couldn't have been happier. The service was excellent, the food was exceptional though not exotic, and they even gave us a mini desert for free as a "Happy Anniversary".

The view was good even from the cafe style area and the decor was very traditional (many Vegas restaurants seem to be getting either more garish or more "modern").

Reservations are highly recommended but unfortunately you can't reserve outside seating (which is why this is 4 stars instead of 5).Brenda's daughter took us to Mon Ami Gabi for a Sunday breakfast to show off the place she works and to have us try their food since she knows we enjoy a good meal. Although the place looks like it might be expensive considering it's right on The Strip, the prices were reasonable. Since we only had breakfast, it's the only meal this review is based on. If you're going for lunch or dinner, check out other reviews elsewhere.

Although we had reservations for 10:00, we wanted to sit on the patio which is first-come, first-served. We only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table to open, but that's probably because the daughter worked here. Had she not, we probably would have been waiting a bit longer. If the weather is nice, we'd recommend patio seating. Some people complain about the smell of the exhaust, but we never noticed it. It's a great place to people-watch and has a great view of the Bellagio fountains.

We started with coffee while we were checking out the menu. It was nice and strong without the bitter taste you can get when restaurants just add too much coffee grind to the water. Their fresh squeezed orange juice was also very good, but I would have preferred it a bit colder. I had their special of the day which was similar to Eggs Florentine but without the artichoke. The egg was poached to perfection--little dispersion of the egg white and when cut into, the yolk just flowed over the English muffin. The breakfast potatoes were good, but nothing you can't find at most other places. The nice thing about eating at more upscale restaurants is that the food is usually properly seasoned before it comes to your table so there is no need to add additional salt or pepper to get the flavor correct. Brenda had the mixed berry pancakes. Any time she sees something on the menu with "berry" in it, she'll probably order it. The pancakes were closer to crepes than what Americans think of as pancakes, but they were still good. The daughter had an egg-white omelet along with the fresh fruit bouquet that we all shared. The portion size might be considered small if compared to IHOP or another restaurant chain that specializes in breakfasts, but we didn't go away hungry. Our only mistake was that we should have ordered some croissants and baguettes to go with breakfast. That's one thing we miss from the time we lived in Europe--the ability to hit the local bakery for some great, fresh breads every morning. The next trip we'll have to try the quiche or the French toast. Both looked good as they passed our table on the way to someone else.

All through the meal the service was outstanding, but when you sit on the patio there's just on aisle between two rows of tables so it's not hard to catch a waiter. We'd definitely stop back here again for breakfast; however, a quick scan of their dinner menu really didn't excite us. It looked like there were a lot of good things on the menu, but there are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas where you can get the same things.Glenn actually found this place with Cole one morning and it has become a family time to go eat.  Breakfast has huge, fresh crepes, which we always get the lemon one.  The eggs benedict with salmon is delicious as well!  Lunchtime, I had ordered the warm olives jar and it comes exactly that.  In a mason jar, a variety of olives that has been warmed and tossed with garlic, olive oil, rosemary and lemon, so so so good!  

I have yet to have a bad meal there, service is A+, they come and refill your water without you needing to ask and very polite.  Plus if you sit outside, what a view!  If the weather is a bit too warm, you can still sit in the atrium sun room that still gives you a great view of outside without the heat, or the chill if it's cold outside.Mon Ami Gabi is always busy.  Make advance reservations and be sure to be on-time. 
Patio seating is available but it's first come first serve.  It's a great view of the Bellagio Hotel and the Fountains of Bellagio.  During the warm season, you're cooled off with water mist that actually dries up before getting on your body.  

Each time I visit, the service has always been good. 

I love the complimentary loaf of bread that's served to you in a bag.  So warm and fresh. 

I've had the Hanger Steak and the Steak Bordelaise.  Both dishes were delicious but sad to say that this last visit I ordered my hanger steak medium and it came out well done.  
I was too hungry to return it that I just ate it.  The steaks are accompanied with frites AKA french fries and this time around my plate had raw watercress.  I was not a fan of this bitter watercress.  I guess I prefer to have it cooked instead.  

My dining experience has always been a positive one.Such a nice restaurant and a beautiful location across from the fountains at the bellagio. Would recommend making a reservation late at night outside to watch the water works across the street, and people watch at the same time. To drink, I had a Kentucky mule that was very delicious and refreshing, for dinner I had a pork meat dish, that was very well cooked and I especially loved the pesto base beneath it. Will definitely come back here again next time I'm in Vegas and try the breakfast menu out as well as the poutine!Fabulous place! Here I just realized that I miss Paris so much. BTW there is the best steak I ever had.What phenomenal service from Tammy.  Brunch last Saturday was outstanding.   The service was outstanding and in fact, Tammy could teach a class on being present and attentive.

Two plates of eggs benedict were done well.  The mimosas were fine.   A proper send off after another week in vegas.

They could use some help, better workflow on the hostess side.  Saturday brunch was uber crowded.Great food & service. Def coming back.

Came the day before Thanksgiving for lunch. Seated right away in the solarium.

Waitress was very attentive & knows the menu well. It's my pet peeve when servers don't know about the menu. Our waitress knew the 4 types of mushrooms in the side dish.

6" bowl of cappuccino - $7. Great value and yum.

Steak sandwich - $15. Steak encased in the middle of a long baguette shape bread, juicy & flavorful. Came with thin strips of fries, like the shape of tortilla strips, crunchy.

Maine lobster roll - $19.  Came with light refreshing baby frisee (curly endive) salad and fries. I didn't want fries so I got sautéed mushrooms (oyster, shiitake, crimini, hen if the woods), super yum.  The roll is filled with tons of lobster meat, not just claw but also lots tail meat, fantastic.

Each table gets a soft long baguette & hard butter.

Everything came out quickly. Really great experience. Highly recommended.Went here for breakfast for labor day weekend after searching online for a good place. The weather was unfortunately a scorching 105 degrees, so we decided to sit inside instead of taking the view on the patio of the Bellagio fountains (which ironically was what we chose the restaurant for).

We came without a reservation, and got seated quickly. After ordering, our food didn't take long to come out, and everything tasted pretty good overall. I can't remember the name of what I ordered, so I guess that testifies that it didn't really stand out for me. I don't usually eat a big breakfast though, but you gotta have something in your stomach when you're walking the strip!

Our waitress was fabulous, wasn't offended when my bf asked for hot sauce, and gave us a teenie, tiny, bottle of tabasco. Check was promptly given and taken care of, so we were in and out in a timely manner. We'd definitely visit again (and next time for dinner - and hopefully a great view!).Steak Frites (medium rare of course): super delicious!  Cooked to perfection.

Quiche Lorraine: melts in your mouth!

Vanilla bean dessert: amazing!

Service was top notch.

Will go again!  Total tab was $70 for two!from what i remember, the food was pretty on point and i even ordered the escargot with a few adventurous friends. it didn't taste gamey or bad at all. the pesto that it was drenched in made it pretty tasty and chewy, like octopus or squid. ambience is nice and a nice spot for a big gathering or bday celebration.For the Las Vegas strip I actually think this is the best price to value place at the $$ price point.  Service was excellent.  I recommend the fish sticks for kids, the mussels for adults.  We've eaten with the kids at 4 places and this is the only place I would come again to.  Family of four can get out with about 60 (if you don't order alcohol).I was pleasantly surprised by this French gem on the Vegas strip in Paris Paris. We arrived and only had to wait 10 minutes to be sat on their huge patio area. I could see why they had a specific wait list for this area. 

When we were sat I was disappointed that we had missed the brunch menu by 30 minutes. "NO WORRIES" says the server "I'll check with the kitchen to see what we can do." She came back with brunch menus and took our drinks orders. Ummm yes! Thank you! 

I ordered the flat ribeye and eggs dish with hash-browns. It was a good dish. Nothing amazing. Exactly as I expected. My boyfriend had the French toast with whip cream and blueberry compote. I had a bite and was totally jealous that I didn't get that! 

I would highly recommend anyone who goes to Vegas to check out Mon Ami. The service is on point and the patio is amazing to have brunch on!I love this place and so does everyone else... Be absolutely sure to make a reservation.  Everything on the menu... C'est magnifique!  It's not cheap but very reasonable compared to La Tour Eiffel (~same food).  Oh yes, the service... Très bien!Never disappoints!!!! Excellent service! The fries, the mac n cheese yummy! The filet is perfection! Escargot is delicious especially afterwards dip their warm bread in the sauce definitely try it! Bon appetite!Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorites on the strip. It has a true parisian feel, and a very professional staff. Their food is great, and at good value on the strip, and an extensive wine list. The waiters know the wine as well, so don't be afraid to ask for recomendations. 

Be sure to make a reservation if you're going for brunch/lunch on the weekend, it's a popular spot.Had the steak fritas. It's a delicious long thin boneless steak. It had beautiful grill marks and was nice and tender. I had this with the au poivre sauce. The au poivre sauce is probably the thinnest and lighter sauce; as it's not based of cream. The sauce had delicious notes of the brandy and saltiness that went well with the steak.

In place of the frites, i ordered carrots. The large carrots were worth the substitution. They were braised and cooked to a nice texture. They were only slightly mushy.Came here about 3 to 4 years ago and had an amazing dinner that I still remember enjoying so much. 

Service was fast and on it. Very personable. 

They sat us outside on the patio with a view of the fountains at the Bellagio. If you can I recommend asking for that seating. It was perfect! 

Fiance (then bf) had the steak and I remember loving the hot olives that came in a jar as an appetizer. 

The prices were so reasonable for something nice and on the strip. 

Perfect for a romantic dinner. Would definitely come back!I expected much from this restaurant, after having read all the reviews here on Yelp and also talking to my neighbors and friends, who visit Vegas a lot. For the most part, I wasn't disappointed. But there was still room for improvement. Let me explain....

Hubby and I came here for my bday and our anniversary dinner (yes, same date. I wanted to make sure he never forgot! LOL), on July 7th. We initially made reservations for the main dining room but, after further review, I decided to cancel that and instead dine out on the much-lauded patio (they don't take reservations for patio seating). After seeing an amazing show, we came here and were told there was a 45 minute wait. We were given a light-up timer disc. In exactly 45 minutes, it lit up like a Christmas tree. Exactly 45 minutes, to the minute. Uncanny. 

Our hostess who seated us was lovely as can be. She wished us a happy anniversary and me, a happy bday. 

We were seated under a heat lamp outside. It was chilly and I was freezing. I saw some of our neighbors at adjacent tables rubbing their arms, too, and one family was soon seated at a nearby table, only to tell the hostess soon after that it was too cold for them and they left to be seated inside. So... Ami staff, please up the heat on chilly nights! Thank you!

It was amazing watching the Bellagio fountain show while we dined. Dinner and a show! It was wonderful.

The server who brought our waters and bread was great. He took some photos of us and wished us a happy anniversary/bday as well!

Oh and the bread! Wow. A real French baguette, "served" in a baguette bag, freshly baked and oh so warm, perfectly baked with crusty exterior and warm and soft inside. You just want to dive right in. Seriously delicious.

Our server was a distinguished gentleman who initially seemed somewhat dour and aloof, not smiling and making minimal eye contact. My hubby thought him pretentious but I warmed up to him and saw him smiling a bit a few times. He promptly took our orders and he was somewhat attentive. He never wished us a happy celebratory day, though (unlike the rest of the folks who worked our table).

We ordered the seafood tower to share and it was fantastic! Lobster and oysters and huge shrimp and a wonderful ceviche and more. What a treat. 

We were too full for dessert, although the dessert menu looked divine. I had some Earl Grey tea. While paying the bill, we saw another waiter go by with some treat/dessert with a lit candle in it, rushing to bring it to another table's celebrant. My hubby and I looked at each other and simultaneously thought the same petty thought: why them and not us??? I know it's a minor issue, and we were both too full for dessert, but the restaurant staff knew it was a special date for my hubby and me - a doubly special date. Why no celebratory cupcake or whatever they were giving out? Just seemed inequitable. Petty, yes. But strange inconsistency nonetheless. This didn't negate in any way from the lovely meal we had here, but it still was off-putting somewhat.It was really really good, the only gripe I had was it was very poorly lit... I guess a more romantic setting but I was not in the Romancing mood... wait staff was extremely good & food was great, some how they did not WOW me... will go againFirstly, make a reservation at this place! Do not wait in line for over an hour like the majority of tourists who come to this place.

As for seating, a table on the patio with a great view of the Bellagio is the way to go.

The food is tasty, but the French steaks are too thin for my taste. After one steak, I considered ordering one or two more plates. The fries are also unique and definitely worth a try.

During busy times, it is also apparent that the staff wants you to leave as soon as possible. Oh well, business is business.

I am by no means a regular at this restaurant, but it is definitely wroth a try.My boyfriend and I were looking for something reasonably priced in vegas and came across Mon Ami Gabi. This place definitely feels like a romantic french restaurant with the decor. The service overall was just amazing, every time I took a sip of my water before I knew it someone already refilled it. The server was very attentive and informative and didn't seem to mind the fact that my boyfriend and I were aiming to spend very little (college budget). He didn't seem to mind at all thankfully. For the price, you are definitely getting your moneys worth here, plus the food is great (definitely coming back to reorder the mussels).I came here with a reservation for 6 and luckily got seated on the balcony, right in front of the Bellagio fountains, which made the show great.
Dinner was good - I got the Steak Bernaise and enjoyed the sauce. It was a really thin slice of steak though, so even though I asked for it "medium," it probably came out well.
One of my dinner companions got the Vegetable Pot Au Feu (after a 3-hour meat fest at one of the buffets, he wanted a little vegetables) - it was a good flavored dish and a nice mix of cauliflower, carrots, brussell sprouts, and other veggies. However, the veggies were a little on the limp side. Another dinner companion got the Slow Braised Lamb Shank. A huge piece of lamb on a stick came out - you definitely got what you paid for.. It was delicious - lamb was perfectly cooked and the flavors were intense.My bf and I have been to Vegas for over 5 times just within the last year and we have walked by this place's outdoor seating area probably over 200 times, but we have NEVER even thought of eating here. 

that all changed with this last trip that we took to Vegas.

The food was AMAZING. we didn't think it would b soooo busy so we waited for almost an hr for a booth inside! but it was allll worth it!!! we got the scallop for our dinner app and shared a salmon spinach salad and the fillet with the butter and red wine reduction. i was beyond full already but we STILL went for the white chocolate bread pudding with 2 solo espresso

we will b eating here EVERY Vegas trip now and we would love it just as much even if we ordered the same exact thing every single time!!!!

ya it was THAT good!

we loved it and we have learned our lesson about getting a reservation :)Best all around brunch place ever!!! Been here 3 times and every time the experience gets better!! Tip: make reservations! It'll be worth the wait! 

I love their corn beef hash!! The best I've ever had anywhere!! 

Highly recommend this place!This is an excellent weekend or weekday spot for brunch (rather than breakfast). It's worth the extra wait to sit out on the patio; large sunbrellas will provide shade as you look out on the Strip's sea of humanity and the Bellagio Fountains beyond. 

The seafood is particularly strong here. My meals included a salmon with lentils and bacon. This dish had a beautiful rustic presentation: the blacks, browns, and greens of the lentils du puys evoked the drab colors of a winter farm. I originally thought the lentils a bit under-seasoned, but the bacon and buerre rouge sauce delivered more than enough flavor. This would be a perfect seasonal dish back home in NYC, yet it wasn't too heavy for Vegas's 90-degree temps. 

On another occasion, I ordered the daily fish special. I don't remember the name of the dish, but it struck me that it used an Australian species. Stunning visuals again, this time with a bed of gold and white slices potato slices. My partner's two meals consisted of the Croque Monsieur and then the Eggs Benny with beef bourguignon. She pronounced both excellent, with the unusual Benny being the standout. We both gushed about the St Germaine spritzer. We re-ordered it the second day, and subsequently purchased the elegant carafe off Amazon.Hands down ... Best breakfast in Vegas ... This is the second time we came and we loved it. The food is fresh (salmon with egg Benedict), tasty (crepe) and delicious ... and the service is great. Even the home coffee is better than average.,,

The location is great by the Strip so we could eat with the view of Bellagio, Paris (it's in Paris), etc.

A must try when you're in Vegas !I liked this place a lot.  We wanted a late lunch/early dinner before our 7:00 show, so we arrived around 4:15 and asked for a seat at one of the tables on the balcony looking across the street at the Bellagio and it's water & light show.  It was a great place to people- and fountain-watch as the sun faded from the sky.

I had mussels with frites and my husband had the NY Strip steak.  We were both every happy with our meals.  The mussels were in a spicy broth with onions, garlic and possibly coconut milk.  The frites were hot and crisp and plentiful.  The hot crisp baguette was one of the best I've had in a long long time.  Mmmm.

Struck up a conversation with a pair of friendly locals at the next table who were celebrating their anniversary.  Service was very good, even though we were there at a shift change.Came to dinner with a girlfriend and had a lovely time. The ambience is perfect for a night out. We dressed up but didn't feel over dressed as attire ranged from typical tourist to LBDs. 
The service was good. The bread was fresh, soft and delicious.We ordered the Tuna Niçoise salad and Steak Frites with Bernaise sauce to split between us. The salad was superb, and sadly left us a little full to thoroughly enjoy our steak, which was delicious as well. 
Too full for dessert, but Mon Ami Gabi gets two thumbs up!Brunch was really good.  I had a savory crepe.  It was much better than what I am capable of making at home.  I would go back for brunchReview is for lunch.  Mon Ami Gabi is a chain restaurant with like five US locations, but its aptly located in Paris Hotel and Casino overlooking the Bellagio Fountains and Strip.  Reservations get you an inside table in this enormous restaurant. For patio seating, its first come basis.  Restrooms are accessible to the casino sportsbook outside the casino, underneath Eiffel Tower.

For food its a solid 4 stars for me.  Mussels were excellent - plump, juicy, and just 2-3 un-opened.  Their wine-butter-garlic sauce was unbelievably good.  Bread dipped here is far better than fries.  Fries were crispy but a bit oily and too skinny for me - I can barely taste any potato.

Their Bloody Mary cocktail is definitely on the spicy side, and it had two good-sized olives for some additional tartness. I got the version with Grey Goose vodka.

We also tried their salmon salad - a wonderful combination of spinach, kale, blueberries, walnuts, and a nice citrus dressing.  Salmon was perfectly cooked and there was lots of it!

I ordered the pulled pork banh mi - it had a ciabatta bun I think and good spiciness from Sriracha and acidity from pickled veggies.  It did come with those oily, skinny fries however.

For desserts, the profiteroles comes three per order and was a nice ice cream sandwich held together by cream puff pastry.  It was drenched in fudge and was just so decadent.  Highly recommended.The flavors of France are abundant here!!!!
I take all my visitors here because the have a great variety of flavors and the cafe latte is the best I have found in town!!!. 
I always get a bowl and half way thru the breakfast all the tables surrounding me have joined in! I lived in Seattle for a long time and I finally found the place to rivalry old steady. Great setting with an Atrium to view the strip while you receive awesome service and they also have am outdoor heated patio that is quite comfortable most of the year!
This is one place you won't want to miss!  The locals love it too!Hands down my favorite french cafe/bistro i have ever been. I never walk out of this restaurant not satisfied. First of all, best location to watch the Bellagio fountains. Second of all, i recommend coming here at lunch time, the open/indoor area is really bright and pretty. Whenever, I order the burger here and it comes out super juicy and delicious. I have had the open faced crab sandwich and that was delicious as well. I have seen many people order the soup and it looks really cool on how it is presented in, a big tea pot poured at table side.We always lunch on the patio here when visiting Las Vegas. Great food, good service, and the very best 
place for people- and fountain-watching on the strip. It's directly across from the Bellagio, so in addition to getting to watch all the characters on the strip, you get to see the gorgeous fountains and hear the lovely music from across the street. 
I've eating here several times, the food is wonderful. I highly recommend the skate, it's stingray served with a cold vegetable salad that includes fennel, so crisp and refreshing. The steak frites, quiche, and creme brulee are also excelent choices.We didn't have reservations, dined inside for lunch.  Service was attentive, the chips were delicious, and my salmon and egg salad sandwich hit the spot.  The decor is pretty and sophisticated without being overbearing.  My friend and I were catching up and they didn't try to push us out after we finished our meals.  I'd go back!My wife and I come to Mon Ami Gabi on every trip. We have very good service and the food is really good. The fish has always been prepared and presented great. Like every place in Vegas it is pricey but that is every restaurant. Two Thumbs Up!What better way to end off a day at Caesars Palace spa - Qua Baths - than to have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi.

I had the special that night: Short Ribs, Mashed Potatoes, and Veggies.  It wasn't too heavy considering it was short ribs. The mashed potatoes were perfectly seasoned and I enjoyed the dish very much.

I also was able to try the Trout dish. I love the green beans (though i'm pretty sure they were drenched in butter at some point). The trout was light and full of flavor.

Sadly I couldn't make it to dessert.. and had to pass on a sweet ending.

But I loved the food and will come back here again.  Even the warm bread was delicious! (Or i was just really hungry...)Amazing! I am not usually a meat and potatoes person, but this place may have changed my mind. The crusty baguette with butter was a great starter, the filet merlot was mind blowingly good, the service was fast and very friendly despite the place being packed, and the ambiance was great. Also very reasonably priced for a Las Vegas steakhouse. Will be returning for sure next year.This is one of the most amazing French food experiences I have ever had. It definitely bought me into a little nostalgia of being in France. I wish i knew our server's name, but he was number 13 and was an excellent waiter. He was constantly checking on us and making sure everything was okay, he also have really nice blue eyes and was very charming. :D 

He hooked my friends and I up with the breakfast menu since it was near the end of breakfast/beginning of lunch. 

We were given fresh baguettes and they were still warm with butter! :) YUM! 

I ordered the country style pâté ($9.95) for an appetizer, which was pretty damn good. :)

My friends ordered the Three Eggs and Corned Beef Hash & Poached Eggs. It looked really damn good and they were very good portions especially since it was about $9.95-10.95. 

I got the Steak Frites with Red Wine sauce. The FLAVOR WAS AMAZING and the Steak was perfectly cooked to the way I wanted it. Truly a symphony of flavor for sure. 

The next time I go to Vegas, I am definitely stopping by Mon Ami Gabi first, it would be the perfect way to start vegas for anyone that loves good food and French cuisine! Bon appetit!

Je reviendrai ici la prochaine fois! :DYou will really feel like you're in Paris here!  The interior of the restaurant is one of my favorites in Vegas.  The glass room is beautiful if you can get a seat outside.  Every meal I've had here has been delicious, and the prices are very reasonable.  The "steak classique" was actually not my favorite, a little tough, but flavor was good.  I have heard the breakfast there is great, but haven't had a chance to get there for it yet.  Overall, a great choice in Vegas.The food was pretty good, not the best, but still very good.

If you come here, you have to sit at the patio.  The view is AMAZING!  

The beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain and the good food and wine equals a very romantic date.I had my birthday here last year - as well as a family reunion feast here about 5 years ago. My most recent visit was over New Years 2016. And each time it was charming and the food was good.

On my most recent visit I had raw oysters and a blue cheese burger. The oysters were fresh and the burger was perfect. Service was good as well.

On crowded days there is a wait. They give you a buzzer so that you can drop a bill or two just outside the door on the slots.

Come here at night and get a patio seat. That way you can see the fountain-light-show at the Bellagio across the street.The food and wait staff were excellent. The prices were very reasonable as well.  I had the special which was Duck a l'Orange and my wife had the Beef bourguignon.  Both meals were fantastic and reasonably priced for Vegas at $26.95 and $23.95 respectively. The only complaint we had was that we made a reservation for 7:30pm with open table and were hoping to sit out on the patio.  When we arrived at 7:20 we waited in line to talk to the patio hostess who informed us that the reservations were only for inside and that there would be a 1.5 hour wait to sit on the patio.  We then had to get in the other line to speak with the indoor hostess who we made aware of our reservation to which she handed us a restaurant pager and said they would seat us in a couple of minutes.  It finally went off just as I was going to complain and possibly leave at about 8pm.   It probably wouldn't have been that big of a deal except for the fact we had show tickets for 9:30 at a different hotel. Luckily the the food and service were great otherwise and they served us very quickly. 
I would just recommend going early even if you made a reservation since the line was extremely long and people without a reservation were waiting over an hour even for inside seating.This is such a wonderful place; it's one of my favorites in Las Vegas.  I can't say enough in praise of the food, atmosphere, decor, comfort, service and overall experience.  Had a great lunch there the other day; I highly recommend the lobster roll with a glass of sparkling rosé.Every time I'm in Vegas I have to eat here. The roasted chicken was great   This time escargot, carrots, mashed potatoes were outstanding. The filet was out of this world. I gave it 5 stars because of my meal, yet there were a couple things they need to work on. The mac & cheese lacked taste and was very dry.  The scallops needed some flavor they were flat.  These were dishes my wife had. Overall I will go back again and again!Had dinner here with my family and relatives on the Saturday night before Halloween. 3 things I love about this place: food portions, quality, and customer service. 

Food portions: HUGE! I ordered the 10oz. rib eye steak and frites! I had no idea this French restaurant would be giving out big portions. Appetizers and side dishes were bigger than normal. I loved the mussels and the warm bread they serve with the butter! 

Quality: Apart from the huge serving, the quality was great. However, it did feel like I was eating more American than French food.

Customer Service: EXCELLENT! My family and I arrived on time for our reservation, but they couldn't seat us since the rest of our party wasn't there. Had to wait 30 minutes for our party to arrive, and once they did come, the hostess took us to right to our table! Didn't end up losing our table after waiting for 30 minutes! Waiters were also very accommodating and explained the specials for the night.I went here for my birthday lunch, and I was very delighted. We had reservations, and we were taken to our seats immediately. The ambiance outside was perfect. We were sitting on that edge between outside and indoors, and it was quite an excellent way to sit outside without feeling that Vegas heat. 

I told the waiter right away I needed gluten-free options, and she immediately put in a request for special gluten-free bread and a menu. I had to wait a little longer, like a few minutes after my party was served their bread, but I didn't care. 

Because I was so excited to have the bread option, I ordered a sandwich. It was one of the best gluten free sandwiches I had. The fries were plentiful and good as well. 

I wish I would have looked at the dessert menu first, because I would have then scaled back on my fries consumption. I was served a complimentary ice cream sundae, and I could only eat half. 

I want to try the gluten-free chocolate cake the next time I go.Have been here a few times and while it's usually ok the most recent one was phenomenal.  I had the hanger steak with frites and a red wine reduction sauce. I'm a huge fan of hanger steak and it was really good but the red wine reduction was amazing. Wish I had a side of it to dip the fries into.Server is really nice, food amazing!!! I can't say enough how I enjoyed it!!! You gotta come and try it by yourself. The pancakes are awesome as well as the onion soup.A fantastic place right across the street from the Bellagio Fountains. There is a patio area where you basically have mezzanine seats to the fountain show. On hot days (so half the year pretty much), they have these mist-ers that make sure you're not melting in the sun.

We came one Sunday mid-afternoon, looking for some nourishment after a uh...late night. We found the food, service, and value to all be superb. A much welcomed respite after two days of straight buffets.

The onion soup is a must. It feels like there's a whole onion and a whole block of cheese in the soup, in the best way possible. Certainly not for the faint of heart. I also really, really enjoyed my kale salad (with a poached egg on top!). The steak frites my friends ordered were huge in portions, and were actually really well-cooked.

Overall, this place is amazing value for its price. A french restaurant with really tasty food on the strip with a view of the Bellagio fountains?! That's hard to beat.Ristorante francese sulla strip, adiacente al Paris.  Abbiamo provato la onion soup (molto abbondante e da non prendere da soli, suggerisco di dividerla), la carne cotta nel Merlot servita con patatine hand-cut, molto gustosa. Prezzi in linea con quelli della strip (la carne va dai 30 ai 50 dollari). Bella la vista sul Bellagio e le sue fontane (proprio dall'altro lato della strada). D'altra parte a Las Vegas è carino cenare in uno dei locali situati nei famosi hotel piuttosto che negli innumerevoli fast food, e mi sento di consigliare questo ristorante.I've been to MAG three times now, twice for lunch and once for dinner. All three times have been awesome. If you can, try to get the outside seating -- it's awesome both day and nighttime. 

For lunch, I really liked the warm chicken and brie sandwich. They have some green apple in it to cut the cheese (lol); I've gotten it twice now and loved it both times. 

For the most recent dinner visit, they added some sort of shredded carrot/olive oil/champagne vinegar side that came with the complimentary bread. I don't know if it was for dinner only, but my family also enjoyed that! The carrots also paired well with the chicken liver mousse pate. I do wish they gave more toasted bread with the dish itself, but it's okay--we made do with the complimentary bread. Get the seared scallops as well! I could've done without the walnut heavy salad that came with, but I'm also not really a fan of walnuts. My sister, like a lot of the other patrons, got the steak frites. It was good but not amazing.

For the price you are paying, MAG is awesome. You are dining in a relatively upscale restaurant without the pretentiousness/heavy price tag.This is a gem in Vegas. People often rave about the restaurants, but I find most totally overrated and too expensive. This one hits the sweet spot, and I normally don't even love French food. The service is impeccable. Our waiter was so great and easily accommodated my mother's food allergies and all of our questions. And the food is excellen, from the complimentary baguette and shmear starter to the homemade pastas and chicken and steak frites. No room for dessert!Love love this place!!! My favorite restaurant on the strip!!! Beautiful view of the dazzling Bellagio fountains (if you dine al fresco on their outdoor patio) Incredible ambiance, amazing food, service and wait staff!! The prices are extremely reasonable for a strip restaurant with a prime view!! I highly recommend their scallops, steak frites, and any salmon dish!! Great wine list and desserts!! Good coffee also!! Worth the wait time if you don't have a reservation. Been here numerous times for dinner, but now have to make it a point to come in for breakfast or brunch one of these days. I heard it is fantastic!!I went here for brunch, and it was terrific.  The patio was nice and shady in the morning, the wait staff was friendly and kept our glasses full, and the coffee and mimosas were excellent!  

I ordered a strawberry vanilla waffle with a side of bacon, my wife ordered a mushroom and brie omelette.  Both entrees were absolutely delicious.  The waffles were crispy, light, and sweet.  The bacon was cooked perfectly.  The omelette was something to be savored. 

Great menu, great atmosphere conducive to conversation, and great way to start a day on the strip!2017 Review 31/100

Mon Ami Gabi should be on your "to-do" list for breakfast/brunch while you're in Vegas. Period. This restaurant came recommended by our waiter at Gordon Ramsay Burger the previous night (he was a foodie so we trusted his reco). We had reservations for 10:15 a.m. It was a Thursday morning so it wasn't particularly crowded, as I'm sure it gets on the weekends. The restaurant it pretty. They have a nice patio area where you can sit and enjoy your meal with a view of The Strip and the fountains at The Bellagio. We opted for indoor seating because the temperature was around 115 degrees.

Our waiter was very friendly and helpful and walked us through their breakfast specials for the day. We each ordered a wide array of breakfast items between the four of us and every dish was absolutely fantastic. My friends had the traditional Eggs Benedict, the Lemon Skinny Crêpes Pancakes, and the French Toast. I had the Chicken, Brie & Apple Crêpe. I'm a sucker for anything with Brie. Let me tell you, this dish was incredible perfection. I would eat it a million times over.

One of the best restaurants on The Strip, in my opinion. And that's saying something because there are a lot of really, really good restaurants there. I would love to return again for dinner to try out some different dishes, as I'm sure they're amazing as well.Just go....period. As a local who has been eating here since 1998, it remains one of the
best places to enjoy a good meal and the " best" place to people watch.
Sitting outside or in the window area is a must.
During convention season....good luck...but worth the wait....
Was there again for dinner last night and once again they did everything right.
On Tuesday night they serve Duck I' Orange......The bananas foster...OMG...Great atmospshere, food,  and people. Right in front of the bellagio. The food is very tasty and you can't beat the view.This has always been one of my favorite spots in Vegas to eat simply because it is consistently good and the service always spot on.
 The country pate',  frisee salad with bacon and egg is always a big hit, there crepes are a little thick for my taste but the fillings are always great. I love the Bloody Mary bar, when I go for Sunday Brunch,  Steak  Frites  Is a signature and though it is not as good as  Steak Frites in NYC it is still fantastic. The waitstaff is always attentive in a European style, and are quick with answers.  Excellent Service makes many small issues in a restaurant forgiveableLoved this place, oui, oui! We saw it while hungry & strolling along the strip...so glad we stopped in. If you see a line, wait in it...they have TONS of seating. I think the hostess is slow on purpose & a line makes it look happening. (We didn't wait in line, but there was one when we left)

Sat on the lovely patio...yummy French baguette (although a tad too crunchy...ripped up the roof of my mouth a tad). And the butter? Ahhh! Orgasmic. Creamy, salty, fresh churned tasting. 

The baked goat cheese is easily a 5-star dish: ah-mazing! Loved it & the creamy tomato sauce surrounding it. We licked the plate. Not really kidding. A MUST order.

Perfect wine? Saint Bris savignon!! Crisp, cool, refreshing...two bottles down, a third was mighty tempting.

For dinner, I loved the steak bernaise & frites. The frites were crunchy like potato chips...oh so good. The steak was thin, nicely pounded tender with some chew (think skirt steak). The creamy herby bernaise: muah!

Go get it, Vegas! Parisian yumminess can be yours!Had a nice Sunday brunch at Mon Ami Gabi. Our server was great, attentive but not too stuffy. Loved the make-your-own bloody mary bar, the french onion soup and the mussels. Mimosas were also delicious because they used fresh-squeezed oranges. Steak frites entree was good, the meat is thin so dont get anything over medium.Great for date night or a group feast. Make sure you sit outside, it makes the experience even better! Reasonable prices and good size portions. I recommend the filet mignon. The desserts are fantastic too.
-Anthony Cools show is right next door, tops off the perfect night.Fantastic food, ambiance and service!  Trish was the perfect server and made our experience even better. If you want a great dish but don't want the sweet taste then go for the savory egg, bacon and cheese crepe...delicious and different!One of the best meals I've ever had in Sin City, if not THE best.Our 2nd time here. We wanted to sit in the patio area, but the wait was just too long. Anyway, we already had reservations and were seated within 15 minutes. Once again, service was quick. Note to server: it's ok to smile. 

I'm a little disappointed that they changed their drink menu - Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout was no longer available dammit! The fresh loaf of bread with the accompanying carrot slaw was yummy! For the appetizer, we started off with the Duck Confit. Skin on the duck was nice and crisp, and the meat literally fell off the bone. After reading mostly positive raves about the Skate Wing, I decided to go ahead and order it for my entree. Great choice! It has a different texture than fish - probably a little more tender, (similar to scallops), but add the lemon-caper brown butter and the cauliflower purée, and you have the perfect blend of 'just right'. Took my time eating it and savored every bite. I will be ordering this dish again in the future! The wife order the Salmon & Leek Quinoa. She said she liked the fish, but didn't really care for the rice. Oh well, you should have stuck to your favorite dish Veruka! For dessert, the server brought her a complementary profiterole, (since it was her birthday), along with her order of Crème brûlée. I had the White Chocolate Bread Pudding. The bread pudding wasn't as good as I remembered it to be last time. Maybe it's because I had recently discovered the perfect home-made bread pudding (at my mom's house). We'll try again for patio seating after the summer crowd leaves, and definitely before it gets cold in Vegas again.I've always wondered about this place every time I walk by and my friend recommended it, so we went. There is a ton of seating, inside and out. The waitress was very friendly and the food the to die for! The whole lunch menu looked so decadent- it was hard to pick something. The steak is some of the best steak I've ever had with a Marsala and herb butter. I don't care for steak and when I eat it I don't care for butter on it, but ooooh Lordy was it the best! Worth every penny! Fresh and delicious! Also the drinks that were pricey ($15 a piece) had a LOT of alcohol in them so you for your money's worth! Also, if you're a wine lover, there are a ton of choices of all prices!Found this place on the way to bouchon. It was 8:30 am, already hot, and the patio at The Paris was way too good to pass up! Not on any of the must-try lists I'd seen before I booked our honeymoon, I wasn't sure about the detour.  The doorway is divided by a velvet rope, for exiting and entering customers. On our way out at about 10am, I could see why.

The bar and dining rooms are spacious and there's an atrium area next to the large patio, where most people were sitting. These were all good signs.

The coffee is excellent, and the mimosa is the perfect strength. Off to a great start, I debated between the ham and cheese crepe  and the mushroom omelette. The omelette won since it included a fair amount of brie. My husband chose the strawberry and vanilla waffle, which meant I got to try some of that as well, love being married :).

His waffle came with a saucer of freshly whipped cream, to add to the fresh strawberry slices already topping the waffle. Our omelette came with hashbrowns and toasted baguette slices. I also got butter and jam for the toast.

I couldn't finish my half of the entrees, but they were both very nice! We were also given a dessert menu, but even my husband, after his breakfast and a half, couldn't eat another bite.

The patio was gorgeous, perfect for strip-side people watching. I loved the decor as well. And on the way out, dozens of people were on the other side of the rope, waiting to be seated. Mon Ami is a great start to Vegas scale festivities!Dinner with great friends right under the Eiffel Tower and overlooking the Bellagio Fountain. The scenery doesn't really get any more perfect than that. The food was great... I give it 4 stars. The view of the strip from the outdoor patio is another star. The service was great as well. I got the Filet Mignon Au Poivre and it was tender, juicy, and medium... just the way I like it. They also give you an "amuse bouche," which is sort of like a small teaser appetizer, compliments of the chef. It's pretty fancy, schmancy so I'd dress up when coming here. It's definitely a great place for a romantic date.Went here last night for the first time and couldn't be more satisfied with the overall experience. 

Made reservations a few days ago via Open Table and requested patio seating since it was our 10th wedding anniversary. Went there last night and was only reserved a table inside but when the front desk lady noticed our request and probably saw that it was anniversary, she immediately changed that and off we went to have our table at the patio with perfect view of the Bellagio Hotel and its dancing waters. 

First off, our server Matt was awesome, not too pushy and was surprised he knew about our anniversary. We started out with the recommended Frech Onion Soup and wasn't disappointed. Ordered their Seafood Platter and Lamb T-Bones and me and my wife finished them off since they were really good. Seafood Platter has 2  Maine Lobsters in it, 4 pcs of oysters, shrimps etc. For dessert, we had their famous White Chocolate Pudding and found out it's not even in their menu. We devoured it like there's no tomorrow and me and my wife are already planning our next visit there. 

Would like to thank Matt and the staff for making this dining experience worthwile.

Add: only one thing we're disappointed with is the Asian busboy didn't even spoke to us one bit and would just drop off our food then go. We noticed he was especially accomodating with other customers around us and made it really obvious he didn't like us considering we're not as demanding as your regular customers.Service was great! It was a pretty romantic place. We decided not to dine at the patio, but still had a good time.
French onion soup and escargot not so much. I've had much better!Fair prices for good food in Vegas.

We dropped by for a late lunch on a Sunday and the place was pretty busy.

Our server was super nice and the place is nice inside.

My date tried the cheeseburger with blue cheese and said he liked it. He did note that he thought it was too much blue cheese, he scraped some off. (In all honestly they piled it on there then broiled it)

I ordered the bahn mi sandwich with salad. The sandwich was very tasty, but unfortunately the bread could not hold up to the moisture; I found myself wolfing the thing down because it was falling apart. It was the seasoned pork with pickled carrots and onions with a sriracha sauce. Yum! The salad was disappointing, it had celery in it which I found strange.. and the dressing was nothing to write home about. 

I would definitely recommend this place if you're just hungry and need to eat something; the baguette they drop off is very tasty!Really enjoyed dinner here. The onion soup was delish, as was everything else we ordered: warm brie, scallops, salmon and quinoa, and the sangria! Lovely atmosphere with a great view of the fountains. The pricing was very resonable. Our party of 4 all left happy.overall, a great experience. We were there on Bastille day, and we really appreciated
the service, the bistro menu. The desserts are just amazing. I would have expected more choice on the menu though.This was the perfect place for a Vacation day in out home town. Mussles and frite's with a cold Chimay and Kettle Dirty w/Blue cheese stuffed olives. Just sat at the bar and enjoyed the company of 99 and 86 our dedicated bartenders.came here twice in a row on our little three day trip from San Francisco!  loved the layonasie style salad they make with lil bacon pieces, everything we ordered here was awesome, so many delicious things to choose from the menu.  Had such a nice calm atmosphere and nice sunlight through the windows, great ambiance amongst all the busyness from outside. some of the BEST SERVICE experience we've ever had, from the awesome sweet and calm attitudes of all the hostess, to the 2 great servers we had at each of our lunches!  we were super impressed and delighted by all the wait staff. meant to review this place when we went in late april! would recommend to anyone going to vegas! take a nice break and enjoy some relaxing paced bistro feel of this place.
really really was impressed by the staff. cheers to all those who do such a great job here.We went here for our breakfast for the first time. Make sure you request to seat outside because they are right across from Belagio so you get to enjoy the water show and your meal together. What a bonus!!! 

I ordered a dozen oyster to split with my friend. It was pretty fresh. I also have coffee with my salmon Benedict. Their coffee was really good not water down at all. 

My friend had their crepe and it was delicious too. 

Service was great and food was good too. I defiantly will find myself back here again when I'm in Vegas.Whenever I'm able to go to Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is a must. It's fantastic for lunch or dinner. Everything I've ordered has been out of this world amazing, whether it's a steak or a sandwich. My personal favourite is the Baked Cheese with marinara and herbs. AMAZING! Baked goat cheese with marinara and garlic bread. I love it so much I've tried making it at home (and whilst it's delicious), it's not nearly as good as the original. I've tried the Steak Roquefort, and the Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich. I really can't say enough good things about this restaurant. Everything is amazing! I do recommend a reservation, with plenty of time between dinner and your next event. I went there a few times before a show and wasn't able to eat because of a lack of time. Patio seating is fantastic, but be prepared to wait.my mexican and I went here for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. we sat inside next to the patio with a view of the bellagio fountains which was gorgeous. 

What we ordered:
-first they serve you a fresh french baguette with butter- delicious. 
-bowl of non-fat latte which was delish... a little cold though. 
-shared  the french onion soup... ho-ly YUM. seriously soooo good, very rich though. 
-I ordered the croque monsieur which was pretty good. it came with frites... a little to thin/ fried for me. reminded me more of a garnish.
-my mexican ordered their steak sandwich which he devoured.
-finished off with a butter & cinnamon crepe served with whipped cream on the side. this isn't on the menu, just something my cousin had recommended and OH.EM. GEE. seriously, so simple but SO SO SOOO good. the thing was HUGE (at least 10" in diam) and im pretty sure I ate 2/3 of it myself lol.

Service was ok... kind of slow but that was expected. we were happy to just be  hanging out with good food and a beautiful view. prob not the best place to go if you're wanting something quick.Still one of my favorite more casual dining spots in Vegas. While not quite "casual" no suit and tie is needed. Reservations definitely are however. Luckily we had them on a Saturday night as the line was long for hours. The host's were great and very accommodating. The food was as good as I remember-I had scallops to start and roquefort steak for my entree. Others at the table enjoyed french onion soup, mac and cheese, salmon, and steak classique. All were delicious. I wish I had room for dessert. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars i because of service. The service wasn't bad, just not what I'm used to here. 

Go for a nice meal that won't break the bank, you won't be disappointed.Excellent breakfast. Try the French toast with blueberries - very well balanced, flavourful and nicely toasted brioche that has crispy edges and was not too sweet. The big skinny lemon pancakes were also very good - crispy/toasty around the sides and a wonderfully made lemon marmalade puddle in the chewy middle. They also make real cappuccino here.I've always wanted to try this place, so we finally did!! I need to go back when there are actually better seats outdoor though. We went on a hot day and no matter where you were seated, the sun would be shining at you. No biggie though, we just moved inside. 

We had the seafood platter which was enough for 4 people. It was not bad and came with a variety of seafood. The steak wasn't all that great. 

Customer service was great as well. It was a great experience overall!Filet mignon medium. After one bite I can sell my food soul to the steak gods.  Twice I've been here to this upscale, simple restaurant, and I reserved the café seating which is the section between outdoor patio and dining hall. So I got to enjoy the Fountain shows from belaggio. I think it's the optimal seating area- you have to reserve. Because you're not exactly barricaded in a room with no view and you're not outside, either within a foot away from drunk tourists. -unless you smoke. I tried the fish. amazingly prepared.  This is one of my fave steak spots. Go with a date or with your friends. It's promising.Oui oui! I love Mon Ami Gabi! This is a must-try when in Vegas, especially if you want to be touristy and if you love brunch! Make sure you call in ahead to reserve a table since they are so busy. FYI your whole party must be present to be seated. 

This time around, I went out of my comfort zone and ordered the chicken pâté with slices of a baguette. It was so rich and divine! It's a plate to share with your table, that's for sure! I also got the smoke salmon with a bagel. The smoked salmon was smokey and just right! We also got the seafood crepe and it NEVER disappoints! A must must must- try!! You won't be sorry!


Our server Cheryl from Baaaaahston was such a delight! She was hilarious and I loved her accent. She took care of us, refilling our mimosa glasses when they were empty and whatnot.  The service was very attentive and polite. Make sure you ask for the fresh bread and butter if they forget to bring it out! It's so tasty! I can't wait to come back and try more things on the menu.I went to Mon Ami Gabi for dinner with my boyfriend. We didn't have a reservation and the hostess told us it would be a 45-60 minute wait, but we got in after only 20 minutes. We had a great seat outdoors with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.

Service: Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.

Food: The bread we got at the beginning of the meal was not warm and was so hard that we couldn't eat it. We received a small plate "compliments of the chef" with two small quail eggs topped with caviar. SO DELICIOUS! Not sure if it was on the menu, but I would've loved to have more.

We shared the filet mignon. It was perfectly cooked and extremely tender! The pommes frites were seasoned nicely and complemented the dish. We also ordered a side of garlic spinach. It had just the right amount of garlic flavor without overpowering the spinach. My Shirley Temple was one of the best I've ever had at ANY restaurant!

Overall, we had an exceptional dining experience filled with delicious food and great service!Came here for breakfast on a Friday afternoon. I had the regular breakfast 3 eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, and toast. Even though it's a simple breakfast everything was cooked perfectly and I really enjoyed it. The crispy date glazed bacon is on point! I would come back for that alone. Perfect combo of salty bacon with sweet date glaze! Our waitress was nice, attentive, and answered menu questions. The ambiance on the patio is nothing too special, but it's nice for people watching with a nice view of the Bellagio hotel.Came across this restaurant while searching a Gluten Free app trying to decide where to go for dinner. After seeing all the rave reviews about this place, my husband suggested we go so I could truly enjoy a meal. 

I have to say this place really does accommodate the gluten free community. They have a full pre printed menu available, complimentary appetizers and take special care to make sure your food is prepared safely to avoid potential allergic reaction. 

I had the Onion Soup, Salmon and for desert the chocolate cake. I have not enjoyed a meal this much since finding out I am gluten intolerant. My husband and daughters thoroughly enjoyed their meal as well which made it that much more of an amazing experience!!All I can say is this...if I was sitting at one of the amazing dinner tables outside and given the choice to either watch the stunningly beautiful water show across the street from Mon Ami Gabi OR close my eyes and eat, I would without hesitation close my eyes and eat. I look forward to the next time I get to go!The solarium is one of my favorite brunch spots in Las Vegas, but the setting trumps the food quality.

Ambiance: The solarium is an enchanting venue.

Crowd: Foreign tourists on a Christmas morning

Menu: Americanized French breakfast fare

Service: Attentive and accommodating

Food Ordered: Chicken, brie, and apple crepe; smoked salmon with toast; fresh orange juice.

Food Quality:   The crepe was good, but it lacked complexity of flavor.  Frankly, it would be better without the chicken.  The smoked salmon was also nice, but the quality was slightly below what I would have anticipated.

Value: You are certainly paying for the view.

Notes: Make sure you can eat in the solarium.  The rest of the restaurant is dark and uninviting.Get a table on the patio.  One of the only places to eat outside in Vegas.  How crazy is that?  Either way this place is quite a find.  The hanger steak is delicious.  Just relax and take in the Bellagio water show across the street.  
If God forbid, I ever find myself in Vegas again, I'm eating here.Best people watching spot in Las Vegas! This place is more than just a place to eat...sitting outside on the terrace is must! They do not take reservations for outside seating so get there a little early. It is definitely worth the wait. You look directly at The Bellagio Fountains and you get a first hand look at all the people walking by (man can you see some interesting people). The food is great (affordable too), they have an extensive wine list, and the service is superior. What more can you ask for? Have a glass of wine and enjoy!Yummy!!!!  I am in Vegas often and this is a staple restaurant for every visit. I prefer the dinner menu over lunch. Make sure you visit this restaurant.This restaurant was absolutely amazing! We had a total of 20 people, and they accommodated us to sit in a small room, two tables next to each other. Our table was right next to the window, viewing the Bellagio water show. It was beautiful!! The food was absolutely delicious. They serve you a bag of freshly baked baguettes with butter; really good! I ordered the Skate, which came with whipped cauliflower. OMG!! The best dish EVER!! That dish alone was $24... Not too bad, considering you are in Vegas. And the food portion is pretty decent. The customer service was also exceptional!! I can't remember the name of our server, but she was pretty awesome!! I definitely recommend this place if you want a good meal in Vegas!We spent our anniversary there sitting outside watching the spectacular water show synchronized with great music!

Service was friendly and prompt.

Escargot and frisée salad with poached egg and freshly baked hot baguette were delicious.

My steak classique was. Perfectly cooked medium rare.The fries were a touch too crispy for my taste as they were hard to eat.

My husband had the steak bordelaise and found the sautéed onions a bit too on the sweet side.

All in all it was very nice .The price was not too bad for Vegas and we would definitely return.I felt just like I was back in Paris.

Mon Ami Gabi is just across the street from the Bellagio fountains, in (you guessed it!) the Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino.  As you walk in, you get the sense that there are multiple layers of this bistro.  First, wooden booths and a truly "inside" feel, and then you step into the atrium, which has lots of light and round cafe tables.  Or, you could continue outside to the patio with a great view of the Strip and the fountain show (or in my case, protestors).  Depends on your mood and the weather!

We started with a mini carafe of the St. Germaine cocktail - so refreshing and it filled both of our glasses, twice.  Then we ordered the duck confit, which was tasty but maybe a little under-seasoned.  I did enjoy my open-faced tuna melt with artichokes and olives, and my man's seafood crepes were excellent.  The presentation was also worthy of an Instagram photo posted to Facebook.  Nothing like a little food porn to liven up the scene!

And the service:  our waiter Jose was good enough to warrant a compliment to his boss.   He had this way of just making everything perfect, and we had the sense that he genuinely wanted to meet all of our needs.  When he told us he'd see us at breakfast (slick ploy for repeat business) I truly wanted to be there the next day - I just couldn't wake up in time!Man, my list of restaurants I must go to every time I'm in Vegas is getting too close to capacity!  

I tried Mon Ami Gabi for the first time last weekend.  The bread.  My God, the bread.  They give you a mini-baguette of hot French bread (free) with butter and a little plate of vinegary shredded vegetables. (We were given one plate of apple slaw, and one plate of carrot.  Both were good.)  The bread is heaven, and they didn't even make a face when we asked for more!

We ordered the warm brie appetizer, onion soup, caesar salad, crab cake, and a side of frites.  As a vegetarian, I was a bit worried there wouldn't be enough options for me, but there were plenty.  They have salads, soups, and a variety of vegetarian sides (like mac and cheese, which I will be getting next time), along with a "vegetable platter" entree - doesn't sound very awesome, but who knows.

The brie was amazing.  I will be recreating it at home shortly.  Warm brie with honey, cracked black pepper, and roasted garlic cloves.  Perfection.

The onion soup was also good, my only complaint is that it was too cheesy.  Sure, I love cheese, but I'd like some soup with my soup too.

Caesar salad was nothing special, and at $8, I won't be ordering it again.  I know, I know, Caesar salads generally aren't special.  I mean, what can you do with lettuce, croutons, and dressing?  You can add capers, for one thing, as I do at home.  And, this salad was over-dressed.  Not horrible, but not worth it.

My old man said the crab cake was the best he'd ever had, and he has tried crab cakes at many-a-restaurant.

The frites = In-N-Out fry shnivelings.  And yes, that is a good thing.   They are AWESOME, a must-order!

The service was quick and friendly, the wait was correctly quoted (30 minutes on a Sunday night), and the prices were reasonable.  The whole meal, including tax and tip, was only $60 (plus our two free loaves of bread....).  Nice!In my opinion, our best meal on our Vegas trip. We thought we were under-dressed for the nice looking restaurant, but the waiter treated us as well as the well-dressed patrons. The service was top notch.

The meal started with the french baguette, which we devoured. It was so warm on the inside. We had two cups of the French Onion Soup to start, but maybe we should have gone with one. It was a pretty big portion and tasted great. I think I ate all of the melted Gruyere cheese that was on the top.

For the main course, we had the rib-eye and the salmon. The steak had very good sear and crust, and was cooked perfectly. The waiter recommended that I get two sauces since I ordered the 22oz rib-eye, so I got the Classique (butter) and the Bordelaise (red wine and onion). The Classique was good, but the Bordelaise was so good, I ended up just throwing the Classique on my mash potatoes. We finished every last drop of the Bordelaise sauce.I had a business dinner there and it went great. The staff put us at a beautiful table on the patio and made sure there was no sun in our eyes so we could talk business. Great food too.Just like France.

Well I have never been but it seems right. I have worked with enough Frenchmen to know that this is the way a French kitchen and service is to run.

Our server came with speed and accuracy. I noted all the little details as a Chef. The waiter passed our table numerous times, slowly, in case we needed to call. 

A masterful waiter will anticipate your needs and make themselves readily available. This was bliss.

Not to mention the food was cooked to succulent perfection. My steak was juicy and topped with a Gorgonzola heaven. While my beautiful partner ordered some anti-salty corned beef. 

I came out of this place unlike any other place in Vegas, only down $60 bucks and happier than when I came in.I really wanted to come here after reading some friends' reviews on yelp.  It was nice that we made a reservation ahead of time so we could skip the wait line, but the wait didn't seem that bad either on a Sunday brunch time.  We got the quiche, a blueberry muffin, and a lobster roll.  The blueberry muffin was okay, would have been better if it was hot.  BUT, the quiche and lobster roll were bombdiggidty.  Large portions too.  Wish I took a picture of the lobster roll, but it came in a "brick toast" with a little pocket at the top with lobster filling stuffed inside.  It was certainly unique and definitely delicious.  Lots of people were ordering the standard ham and cheese sandwhich that you would normally order at a french brunch place, and they looked to be enjoying themselves as well.

Can't wait to return!We figured....last minute ressie, not crowded....random Paris hotel location, french steakhouse, whatever, I *guess* it'll be an OKAY dinner.

Not so much, it was absolutely wonderful! We all shared a bunch of things and left fat, happy and shocked it was so affordable given how we all rolled outta there.

Quick service...cocktails were super fun, dessert chocolate mousse and profiteroles amazing...steak succulent and done perfectly, appetizers were OHHHHH good, and the WARM BAGUETTES OF BREAD delivered to your table 3 at a time????? Heaven, how did they know I am a carb whore....more please.First meal (Saturday brunch) of the Memorial Day weekend trip.  Best meal of the weekend (which we didn't know then), and it was great to sit outside, drink "Frangria" and watch the fountains.  Doesn't get much better than this.

Baguette and butter to start, and then we went with the cheese plate and pate (again) and the eggs benedict off the brunch menu.  Great service, great food and drink, reasonable prices at lunch.If I had to title my review, it would be "The Perfect Lunch."

I have been several times now and enjoyed each time.  This last time I was there, I was able to put all of those past experiences to good use to create exactly the experience I was hoping for.

A few things to keep in mind if you have never been Mon Ami Gabi.  

1 - The best place to sit is on the patio, however reservations are not good for the patio.  The patio is perfect for people watching, and what better place to do some people watching than on Las Vegas Blvd!?

2 - Get there 10 minutes to 11 (when they start serving lunch), put your name on the list for the patio, take the square-light-up-vibrating thingy, put some money in a penny machine and wait to be called.  Our square thing went off a few minutes after 11.

As far as what made this experience perfect, there were many factors.  We walked in and were seated on the patio at a table for two.  Our server recognized that it was a little warm where we were sitting (full sun) and offered to look for a table that was less sunny.  She found us the perfect table and it wasn't even in her section!  Plus, it was a four top, right in the center of the patio, in the shade, with the most perfect view of the Bellagio across the way.

Of course, the food always plays a huge part.  A glass of house red wine to start is always nice.  The escargot was delicious, I loved using the French bread to sop up the garlic-herb butter left in the dish.  Our beautiful red and yellow tomato salad was light and refreshing with pesto and goat cheese, two of my favorite things! The steak sandwich was phenomenal.  Not too much meat, cooked to our med-rare liking.  Ciabatta was soft and caramelized onions were the perfect complement.  Frites were light and crispy with a little chew so you could taste the flavor and know you were eating more than air.  

With the Bellagio fountain show kicking off shortly after noon (on Saturday) right as we were finishing the last of our wine and paying the bill.  This was one of my top 5 favorite lunches of all time!This is a great place.   My friends and I got in immediately - though it was 9:30 pm.  The food feels as close to French as any place I've been to in the US.  Though my favorite French places outside of France are in the city of Montreal.Location, location, location. That's the best thing about this place. Don't get me wrong, the food is pretty good, but what you're paying for is the privilege of dining on the Strip with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Sunday brunch was crowded but we were smart enough to make reservations on our way down there.

The outdoor patio is the best spot to dine and if you can't get a seat out there, the space just inside isn't bad. It's like a green house -- light and airy with plenty of windows. Further inside the restaurant the atmosphere changes as the space is darker and more intimate. That might be ideal for dinner, but during the day your best bet is the patio.

The cream of mussel and saffron soup was decent but the prominent "seafood" flavor made it obvious that it wasn't made with the freshest ingredients. The brie and butternut squash quiche ($12.95) was a whole, round, individual-sized quiche. The flaky, crispy crust was the highlight of dish. Not wanting a dish that was too heavy, the lobster tartine ($17.95) was the way to go. Unfortunately, the creamy, citrus flavors dominated the taste of the dish.

The restaurant is family-friendly. Yes, they've got a kid's menu. The chicken fingers and fries ($6.95) come in a TV-dinner-style tray with three large, thickly coated pieces of chicken, apple slices, green beans, and ketchup. So, if you're looking for a somewhat upscale place with good food to bring the family, Mon Ami Gabi is a good bet. And, of course, if you're on a date, you can't beat the outdoor dining.

3.5 StarsWe had a great experience and enjoyed our moment here! Food, service, atmosphere..
Other than that I was so impressed with their chef, "Terry Lynch", Executive Chef / Partner. 
Because I liked our special soup that was called "Grape and Almond Gazpacho soup" so much and asked our waitress about the ingredients. 
She came back and told me that chef Terry will send me the recipe. 
The next day I got an email from chef Terry who was so generous and treated his customer so well. It was my first time I ever got this kind of personal touch and i like it.
I would definitely return next time when i visit Las Vegas.We went on a Saturday morning, 1030ish. We really wanted to sit in the patio so we chose to wait. They quoted 45 minutes but it ended up only being about a 25 minute wait. And, it was worth it! The view was incredible & the people watching was even better. We had a great view of Jungle Josh -magician, comedian, hot mess, etc. rofl. It was pretty hilarious. The food was good, eggs Benedict for me & corned beef hash for my friend. We both enjoyed the experience. We attempted to go back again Sunday morning but the patio was closed for a private party. I would definitely recommend this place based on the view itself. They were swamped with people so the service wasn't the best but it was ok. I definitely plan to go back.I have been several times. I have a slight addiction to the Onion Soup. It is some of the best.

Service is always great. You can sit on the strip, if you want.Very well done breakfast in an aesthetically pleasing place. I felt like I was in Paris.I was in Vegas for a business trip and wanted to have a good meal my last night in town.  What I got was fantastic.  Started with Escargot, perfection.  Entree was Filet au Pouvre.  It was so tender you could've used your fork to cut it.  This will be a stop every time in Vegas.I brought my family, mom, brother, daughters, son and son in law here to celebrate my 50th birthday!  I requested patio seating so we could enjoy the strip as we ate, but I didn't take into consideration the Vegas heat and was just getting ready to request an indoor table when our waiter showed up!  I believe his name was Billy, he was PERF!!  His attentiveness, humor, advice, and personality made us forget about the heat and just enjoy the moment!  

I had the Filet Mignon Au Poivre medium and it was PERFECT!  It cut with just my fork and felt like butter melting in my mouth! The creme fraiche was delicious!  

My daughter and son ordered the Hanger Steak in merlot butter and it had a nice toasty exterior and tender interior and the sauce added a delicious touch.  

My brother and son in law ordered the Bone-In Ribeye, it was huge!  They could not finish it all!  

We also had the Wild Escargots de Bourgogne and LOVED them!  The garlic butter was PERFECT for dipping our baguette!

All in all, a very good experience!  I would definitely come again!!absolutely adored this place!

Breakfast:
had the eggs benedict: pretty tasty the only thing I would say was it was a little bit too buttery for my taste but that didn't stop me from devouring the whole plate.
they serve you a fresh baguette at your table which I thought was a nice touch. 
I had their mimosa that was good but it was pretty over priced for how big it was. $10 for a champagne sized glass but then again its vegas right so what isn't over priced on the strip.

dinner:
-Baked brie appetizer: DELICIOUS!
-filet medallions wrapped in bacon: steak was cooked perfectly I have no complains here
 

our waiter helped us pick out the perfect bottle of wine to go with our dinner. he was very helpful

I would highly recommend this place to anyone trying to find a nice romantic dinner but without paying a fortune.  Everything on the menu is actually pretty reasonably priced which is why we went there for breakfast and dinner while we were there.I've only eaten here for breakfast but as far as breakfast goes this place does it well. They don't reinvent the wheel or anything its just executed well and is reasonably priced. Not to mention the view is great. The patio is on the strip directly across from the fountains.Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back! Both times I was with a group (6 the first time, 7 last night) and was fortunate enough to get a table outside which makes me the happiest person ever to be able to eat and watch the Bellagio fountains. From the host to the server to the bus staff, everyone was very polite and professional. We initially wanted to eat at Olives in the Bellagio but were told by a stone faced hostess that it would be impossible without a reservation. I won't try going back there even if it's empty. 

The food at Mon Ami Gabi is very, very good. My husband and I had our two sons and three of their friends with us, all ranging from 19-22 years old, so my husband ordered escargot without telling them what it was. When it arrived they loved it and even had another piece after we told them what it was. The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten. I had the trout and it was outstanding. Make sure you get the pomme frites with your steak - they are crispy and delicious. 

I will definitely plan a meal here every time I'm in Vegas!Wow, this place is legit !!! Make sure you ask to sit out in the patio area bc the view is amazing. There was a gentleman with a guitar singing a lot of wonderful hip songs, and he was actually very good. It definitely added to the ambiance.

The wait wasn't long at all, 30 mins was definitely worth the wait. My wife started with a pear ginger mimosa, mucho delicious. We came for
Breakfast but missed it and got the brunch menu. Thank god we did, the food we ordered was amazing. 

My wife ordered chicken Brie sandwich with apples, it also comes with a side of French fries. For myself I decided that if I m on vacation, I need to be adventurous and stay away from the usual. My first choice was a cheeseburger, however seeing what was in the Cubano, I decided that I m going to take the plunge. Man was I happy when I bit into the sandwich. It was on a warm toasted panini and also came with fresh fries. What made it top notch was the crunchy pickles was in the sandwich. Each plate was around $15 which is not bad at all for a Restaurant on the Vegas Strip with a view of the Bellagio and its water show.

Add this place onto your must trys. We have been to Vegas over 100 times and have always wanted TJ try this place bc it looks so fun.

We are soooooo sooooooooo HAPPY  we did !!! Enjoy...I was not expecting such a great dining experience on the strip at such an affordable price. The food is delicious, the décor is beautiful and the fountains are RIGHT THERE!

I highly recommend this place.Absolutely amazing Ribeye! Worth every penny. 
Service was quick and precise
Seated immediatly with reservation.Awesome!! We had the best meal. Even the kids were raving about their food. My 10 year old was "savoring" each bite she said. Hubby and I both had the bordelaise steak cooked perfectly and SO flavorful. Caesar was good and the whipped cauliflower was outstanding! Tip included which is great. Even with the tip included the service was great and kid friendly.Sit on the patio, its worth the wait.  Food is always good. Great people watching on the patio. I haven't had dinner here yet but breakfast & lunch are awesome. Prices are comparable to other Vegas strip restaurants.I thought this place was a lot of fun, I thought the decor was awesome and I really enjoyed the service, it was very comfortable and professional without being stuckup. The layout was great, it was very Parisian and the restaurant was gigantic. It seems like the very popular option is the outdoor patio, it has a great view of the fountain at The Bellagio. Also, the table side French bread is warm and excellent and their butter is fantastic. On a side note, the eye candy is splendid lol 

The food:

Onion Soup Au Gratin- I really liked their onion soup, it is one of their most popular items and it should be ordered. I enjoyed the flavor and really loved the ooey gooey Gruyere cheese, but the best part of the soup was that it was not so salty. The only minor issue I had was the bread was a tad soggy for me. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=cUN0Y7kBx34p_nOM_C6XJQ&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Steak Frites with Bearnaise- The steak had great flavor with a unique garlic flavor I never had with steak frites before but it worked. The steak was super tender but I thought the steak was a tad grainy and it seemed the quality wasn't the greatest. The steak was pounded pretty thin but the steak was a good size. The fries were great, nice flavor and crunchy without being oily. The cut was very unique, it was kinda like a thicker shoestring fry. Overall, still a dish to get. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hMQYry45blcBN8DFL_XbKA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlAStopped off in Las Vegas on our road trip to TX.  My fiance made a dinner reservation for our anniversary.  It would've been nice to sit outside in the patio which has a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, the wait for outside was like an hour or more.  I wonder if you can request an outside table while making a reservation.  Maybe we'll try that next time.

Ok, let's get to the food.  They serve a delicious crusty french baguette with butter at your table once you are seated.  We didn't order any appetizers because we wanted to fill up on the main course - STEAK!  I ordered the Steak Bearnaise and my fiance ordered the Steak Bourdelaise.  The bearnaise sauce was nice, smooth, and creamy and tasted soooo good together with the steak.  The bourdelaise was a delicious red wine sauce with caramelized onions.  Both steaks were served with their hand-cut fries.  Their fries are unique in the way they're cut.  They're flat and wide and fried nice and crispy.  This is one of our favorite restaurants and will definitely make this a place to come to every time we're in Vegas.Great breakfast. Good mimosas and bloody marys. The French toast and eggs Benedict with duck was delicious. The ambiance was good too. Sit on the pAtio.This is a must! Every time we visit Vegas this is always our  first dinner in town. The ambiance on the patio is fabulous watching the water show, and the service is pretty good. The food is always consistently delicious so make sure you save room because the fresh warm baguette and butter they give you before dinner can become very addicting.  Make sure you order a steak, it's their specialty!I have heard great things about this restaurant from friends and finally decided to try it. I was alone so sat at the bar to enjoy what turned out to be a fantastic meal and a nice glass of Bordeaux. 
The steak frites with béarnaise was absolutely incredible. It was well beyond my expectations for both flavor and quality.   The french fries were super thin and crispy exactly how I remember them from Paris.  I should have passed on the complementary baguette to save more room for the meal, but it was so crispy, hot and fresh there was no way to avoid it.  Honestly this could have been shared between two people. 
They had a fairly good selection of wines by the glass, and I chose the higher-quality Bordeaux. The only thing that would've been better is to have a larger wine glass that is typical in higher end restaurants. 
The bartender was great, very friendly and did not encroach on my meal. Just made sure I had what I needed and chatted a bit. 
I really want to come back and try their brunch. I did look at the menu online and that also looks amazing.A fantastic restaurant! Not too overpriced- of course price will depend on your hunger, pocket and taste. The only restaurant that allows you to view the beautiful Bellagio Musical Fountain show (every 15 minutes or so), while enjoying fine gourmet French-American cuisine. Figure to take my girl out to a romantic spot on our first night there. The french baguette for the table along with the butter tasted fresh. Food had lots of flavors and Service was perfect. A true vegas experience.Very pleasant experience and great service!

The outdoor patio is first come, first serve, so come early if you want a good spot. I was fortunate enough to get seating right on the edge of the patio and the entire experience was fantastic. 

I ordered a fantastic steak, as did my boyfriend, and we both enjoyed our meal. The servers were quick and they were friendly. I will most definitely be back to Mon Ami Gabi whenever I am up for a tasty and romantic meal with the boyfie. 

I did have to send my steak back the first time (hence the -1 star) because it was overcooked. I received my steak cooked properly right away, though, and the manager was apologetic for the mistake.

TIP: Baked Goat cheese with garlic bread was phenomenal.One of the best lunch experiences ever that made me write my first Restaurant review on Yelp! From the time we called for reservations to the end of our dinner, everything went perfectly. The food was awesome - i can still smell the warm baguette. For starters we had oysters, and for mains we had the branzino and skate wing. Our server Susanna just rocked. She offered to let us taste our wines before ordering, then made sure we got a freshly opened bottle as the one we liked was a bit warm, made sure the coffee cup stayed hot throughout the meal, super knowledgeable and helpful about the menu plus gave us tips for ordering if we chose to return with kids for dinner. Super fab over all!

And I didn't even mention the patio, the vibe and the view yet. Solid 5 stars here!!!Made reservations here for brunch and wasn't disappointed. The food was fantastic and the atmosphere was relaxed yet sophisticated. Our waitress, Rosa (I think), was very nice and competent but was sometimes slow to get back to us. 
My fiancé and I shared the special, open face lamb sandwich , and the salmon and spinach salad. Both were amazing! Rosa suggested the sangría as a great compliment to our food and she was right. We also ordered the fruit bouquet and for desert the blueberry crépe for him and the strawberry cake for me. May I suggest, sharing deserts, they are huge! We didn't finish. Definitely try this place when you're at París, Las Vegas.Fine food. Not frites music or hostess attitude though.  A surprisingly pleasant and affordable restaurant in the chaos of the strip.  What is with that light jazz crap?!  Really helps ruin an otherwise very good meal - and the young hostess's indifference was a definite detractor as well.Love this restaurant. Every time we are in Vegas we have to come here for dinner. It's a must go spot for us. The food is amazing and the views breathtaking. On busy nights the wait is about an hour and half  but it's worth it. We don't mind waiting that long to enjoy that steak...  the goat cheese and marinara sauce appetizer is sooooo delicious served with pesto breadAwesome location! Awesome food! Good gluten free menu and helpful wait staff. Come here for one meal every time we come to Vegas.Excellent place! We were seated at a perfect table inside to enjoy the fountains at Bellagio. My Beef bourguignon eggs Benedict were just perfect. Prime steak and lamb sandwiches were also good.Solid restaurant. Let me preface this by saying that I don't love Las Vegas like some people do. This place is a somewhat welcome respite from the usual craziness which is Las Vegas. The food is delicious and the prices are reasonable. That being said, it's not the most authentic French restaurant I've ever been to, but it's Vegas. Definitely worth a meal.07/06/10

Sure, Mon Ami Gabi serves mostly tourists, but the service and their food was phenomenal.

Three of us had a bottle of Jean-Louis rosé sparkling wine. To start, we had chilled cucumber soup, frisee and bacon salad, country pate, and escargots. It's worth to come here just for their bread, we had three.

The salad was made French style, lightly dressed and refreshing, just like the soup. Pate and escargots were very appetizing, along with our view of Bellagio's fountain on the patio.

We finished our lunch with double daily sorbet (green apple) and macchiato with a shot of Amaretto. I wished they had sweet crepe for desert!

p.s. Elizabeth was a very attentive and good server!Ate here for breakfast. The food was absolutely amazing. The waitress was nice, and the atmosphere was also good. Will definitely come here again!Meant to write this review upon my return from vegas a few months ago.

FOOD: it was delicious. We had halibut mashed cauliflower, crab cakes , lemon chicken paillard, very flavorful and filling. Pairing of white wine was delicious with our dishes . 

Servers- great customer service. Very attentive and great personality. 

We sat in the outdoor area right on the strip. It was a colorful array of shananagens . The entertainment from the crazy party people crowding the streets wAs what one would expect on a vegas trip. It was fun.

Creme  brûlée was delicious...In love with this place, their food is so delicious, the French Sangria with French champagne wow! the seafood platter is a MUST! Crepes oh just about everything is wonderful!In a SEA of strip restaurants that are out to rip off tourists, this place is a masterpiece of excellent customer service and incredible food at reasonable prices - a rare gem in Las Vegas.  As a testament to their quality, they serve between 600 and 900 customers per day - obviously proof of a great business model.

Amazing menu items: (not complete list, of course)
1) Filet mignon steak, merlot butter
2) Ribeye steak. wow
3) Chicken liver mousse pate
4) Scallop appetizer
5) House white wine

Caveat: if you want patio seating, get there early and be ready to wait.  It's totally worth it, though; you get sunset and the bellagio fountain show.  For me and my friends, this is the go-to place for a great meal - at least a dozen trips and counting.Best place in town for breakfast especially on patio views of strip. Love gigantic cappuccinos!  Delicious goat cheese and spinach omlette. Fresh french toasted bread. Professional wait staff!!! Fairly priced.Amazing atmosphere we had breakfast here twice each time the food was fantastic the lemon pancakes are to die for. Want to come back for dinner. The food is a 5 but service is a little slowFirst time here for a bachelorette party! We made reservations beforehand and got seated right away. We were a party of 16.

Ambiance: Dress up!

Food: Good. We tried a variety of steaks and sides and everything was delish!

Service: They probably could've been a bit more attentive, but it was also a busy night as well. 

Price: Typical prices for steak.Great French food on the strip and all the wait staff are friendly and knowledgeable of the menu and wine selection. We had the orange duck as a special and in was paired with a nice Pinot.I've been to a lot of restaurants in LV.  At one point, the experiences can get all clouded (and no, it's not because I've had one too many).  But I really enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi.  Expect to pay a bit more than what you may have wanted to, but whatever.

It opened at 11, we got there at 11:20 and there was a 40-minute wait to sit outside!!  That sounds ridiculous, but my mom really wouldn't have it any other way, so we opted to wait.  Yes, they give you those shiny, shaky pagers so you can keep on gambling while you wait.  The decor was really pretty inside.  They have a Bloody Mary Bar!!!  Always a hit!  Of course by sitting outside, you've got prime views of the Bellagio fountains--so lunch and a show, always nice.

I ordered the cheese plate.  Everytime I go to the Paris Hotel, I  must have me a cheese plate.  They've got the good stuff.  My plate came with brie, gorgonzola, and goat cheese.  It was accompanied by apple slices, grapes, and candied dates---the pairings were really good.  It also comes with a couple different breads to choose from.  The coffee was really good, too.  Always a plus.

My mom and sister split a fish and chips.  The fish was high class.  This ain't pub food.  It was lightly battered and fried---it looked like the entire fillet of halbut on the plate.  The chips are a bit different.  They're more like homemade potato crunchies than chips or fries.  That was a bit of a disappointment.  Other than that, can't complain.I had the Eggs Benedict and the wife had the plain french toast with a side of bacon. The ambiance is amazing. You're in a sophisticated French restaurant but immersed in the Vegas feel, especially when you dine in the outdoor area. You have a beautiful view of the Bellagio and if you dine after 4:30 you have an awesome view of the Bellagio water show, just amazing.

Our server was attentive and very nice; glad to know professional customer service is important. Even if the meal was mediocre...and it wasn't, we would go back for the level of attention to detail.Excellent brunch menu.  This cafe is part of the Paris hotel/casino.  Fun French bistro with a wide variety of menu items.  It is worth the wait for patio and garden seating.  You have a great view of the Bellagio fountains while you eat.  Great staff and service.Had a fantastic Christmas Eve dinner, had a huge group and they took care of 16 of us. Great menu food was good.Food selection and service were great. We came in for lunch on a Saturday. Didn't wait at all, but there was a line as we were leaving. If you want to sit outside for a more European cafe feel, you may need to wait a little. You get a mix of people from loud groups to quiet couples on vacation.The fresh bread and wine were terrific, as was the view of the Bellagio water show - make sure to sit outside. 
We started with the onion soup which was good. I had the salmon spinach salad, which was big and satisfactory. The duck confit with lentils was special and delicious.
Given the other choices and pricier places, I'd definitely go here again.Luv Mon Ami for a quick, casual, reasonable meal (for the 'new, foodie' Vegas). Luv to sit at the bar with a dirty martini, eat pate, escargot, scallops, etc. The bar is the best place to be (no long wait and often, no wait). Cool place for a casual meal.I Love Love Love Love Love this Place!!!!!
In 2007 my Beloved Mom, age 90 and in a wheel chair came for the month of December....I would go to Bellagio and get her the wheel chair from there and then take her across the Blvd to Mon Ami Gabi...we would go almost every evening and sit outside by the Heaters and dine so she could watch the Fountains....her appetite was not that great however when we dined there she was bottomless!!!! We did this for 7 weeks...she Loved it and the Staff there got to know and Love her...They were so kind, Loving and Gracious to her!!!!  Friendly...Patient...She Loved it and I Loved the way they Loved her...People who REALLY CARED about their customers and add to that the BEST FOOD ON THE STRIP!!!!!  Why go any other place...She has passed and I continually go there...I live in Vegas and I take everyone that is visiting there or recommend it to others.....So, If you want GREAT FOOD and a Staff that truly cares about your dining experience PLEASE go there....you will not be disappointed...Solid place in a great location. Great food for the price compared to all the other overpriced vegas restarauntsThird time here and not once have I had a bad experienced. Our server today was named Anthony and he was great. Very attentive to us making sure everything was good. 

I always tend to go with their Brunch; French toast, eggs Benedict, scramble eggs and sometimes bacon. The seafood platter is very delicious as well. But today I decided to try something different. I went with the shrimp crepe and I loved it. Only downfall is that I wish it had more of the creamy sauce it comes with. Pricing to me is very reasonable for being in such a beautiful location on the strip. Right across from it is the Bellagio fountains which go off every  fifteen minutes. Depending on the weather you can choose to sit on the patio, middle section or inside. Make sure to ask for the patio or mid section for an incredible view.Fabulous cuisine and wine selection. I've been here twice now and will continue to visit everytime I am in Vegas. The steak is fantastic and the tomato sauce with goat cheese appetizer is to die for. The service is great and the waiters are very knowledgable about wine selection.Mon Ami Gabi is such a beautiful place to eat. We live locally. This is my anniversary restaurant. Every year My husband and I will have our special dinner here out on the patio. This is a spectacular place to sit. (even in the summer). They have just the right amount of misters to keep you cool. The steaks here are like butter! you could eat with a spoon! Lastly, the VIEW! Right across from the fountains. There are many fantastic restaurants in Las Vegas. The Strip is usually a place locals avoid. SO worth the drive, wait and money!I actually thought it wasn't bad value for the strip, and our steak was good and prepared well.  We got the T-Bone and it was tasty, as was the salad.  The bread was also good and fresh.  We all made fun of the fries though.  They're more like fry-chips than actual fries.  So, if you just want the maximum proportion of 'fried' in your fries, you might love them, but none of us were fans.Maybe my new favorite lunch spot in LV.  I always passed by this place over the years and am glad I finally stopped in.  Spectacular views in front of the Bellagio fountains on the patio or enjoy your meal from the glass room.
The escargots are very good as was my crab sandwich (open faced w/ a side of fresh potato chips).  Salads are a good option too, though maybe avoid the bacon salad as it's pretty small (waiter even warned against this).  Also fit in the french onion soup and banana fosters crepe as those are bomb.
I generally hate Paris cause the pai gow gods despise me here.  But I'll come back just for Mon Ami.  Though I think the hostess had a bit of attitude and snobbishness (I mean get over it, you're not a Michelin restaurant), I'll deal with it.Very fancy french restaurant food costly service was very good had waiters checking up constantly view is spectacular u get to see the bellagio water show if u ballon and with a lady check this great spot outMy 24 hours in Vegas ended with getting some breakfast here to take on the road. Calling in to make an order was a little confusing in the beginning. We called the first time to see if we can phone in an order and the lady said yes. The second time we called to actually give them an order another lady said we would have to come in and order at the bar. Then the third time I asked to be transferred to the bar and finally we were able to make our order. 

So side note: If you call and want to place an order to go, just ask to be transferred to the bar.  

When we got there our order was already waiting for us. Unfortunately it wasn't correct. I ordered the Bananas Foster Waffle but all I got was a plain waffle. I let the bartender, Robert, know and he was on it. He was shocked and embarrassed that the order wasn't correct. His actual words were, "This ain't Denny's!" This guy was awesome! He offered us free mimosas while we waited. Who are we to decline free drinks?!

The bananas and sauce came out before we were halfway done with our mimosas. So we downed those things and were on our way. 

I think my waffle would have been quite delicious if it was fresh out of the kitchen. A bad part on me to order something like that to go. I did like how the waffle itself was fluffy too bad the crisp outside wasn't there anymore. However I did love the foster sauce! The brown sugar, butter, vanilla and cinnamon were well balanced. Very subtle sweetness that went well with the bananas.

My sister ordered the eggs benedict and while it wasn't the best we had it was still pretty darned tasty. The eggs were cooked perfectly the hollandaise sauce was a little watery to me but still flavorful.

Food was pretty good but Robert's friendliness and attempt to please us stood out the most for me. People were eating at the bar too so if you don't want to wait for a table the bar is great. Especially if Robert's the bartender.Nice place, nice view of the fountain, nice food and friendly staffI had dinner here with my husband and some friends while in town for March Madness. The group size changed a couple times and the staff rolled with it and moved the whole table to accommodate the larger party.  And they were full with a long wait at the time.

The waitress was amazing.  Several in the party wanted a glass of wine but didn't know what so were looking for suggestions (note: only French wines here, no CA ones.)  She went out of her way to bring over 4 different bottles of wine (opening 2 of them just for us) for them to taste.  And did it all with a smile.   

I wasn't that hungry so only had the butter lettuce salad and the mac and cheese (macaroni gratin) on the appetizer menu but I LOVED them both. I had a taste of my husband's steak (Steak Classique) and it was delicious.  Everyone else seemed to thoroughly love their food as well.  

We were too stuffed to try dessert - but I will save room next time!

If you sit outside or near the front window, you can see the Bellagio fountains so that is very nice.

I dislike most things French (cheese and bubbly are noted exceptions but really...still done better in CA) but this was quite yummy without the attitude at most French restaurants (yes, Masa's in SF I am talking to you.)

I would definitely come back here on my next trip to Vegas.Love this place! Came here for breakfast three days in a row. Prices are great and service is so nice. Love the baguette with coffee and Nutella.4.0 Stars

Located in part of the Paris Hotel.

Somewhat expensive but good. 
But then again, it seems like anywhere in Vegas is expensive :0

So, my fiance & I had the 
Seafood Crepe + Steak Sandwich w/Fries, w/Cranberry Juice. 
Total was about $35. 

Both good meals; We both had nice view of the Bellagio's Fountain Show right in front; Nice Brunch outside the patio; Nice Service; Overall good :d

Definitely I'll be back if I had the chance to come to LV again.This place was excellent!  Getting a reservation was very easy.  The lighting was very low and it is definitely a romantic place if you want to take that special person in your life.  

The french bread that they serve is very fresh and tasty.  I tried the warm olives and warm brie with honey as appetizers and was very happy with both.  For my entree, I ordered one of the specials they were offering, Duck L' Orange with mac and cheese.  This duck was amazing!  We paired our dinner with a pinot noir that definitely fit the bill.  The service was top-notch.  I would definitely try this place again.Great brunch spot! Definitely make a reservation. Highly recommended.I had my parents from Denmark visiting, and on a weekend trip we went to Vegas. The first morning we had a big breakfast here including mimosa and a lot of good food. This place is amazing, and very recommendable. Waiters are very friendly and regardless of all the visitors, the service was quick and great :-) Next time I am back in Vegas I will for sure be back!I love this place... It's a must stop when in Vegas. With the most amazing views sitting mid strip. The food is fresh and delicious and the service is just perfect.One of my favorite places on the Strip. The food is nice and I love the potato Frite's, they are like the super skinny, thin and crispy-crunchy fries you look for. The service staff is extremely gracious and lovely. Wherever you are seated within the restaurant its got charm and great atmosphere! I will be back here every single time I come to Las Vegas, I am planning on it!!!Amazing quality food and service! A bit pricey, but if you're looking for a once-in-a-blue-moon sort of experience, then it is definitely worth it!Went here for breakfast twice with my wife. We ordered 4 menu items (mushroom/Brie omelet, turkey/egg white omelet, French toast, chicken/apple/Brie crepe) wow! All were fantastic. Lots of choices for breakfast in Vegas, but we were very happy we chose this place for 2/3 breakfasts. Service was also excellent both times (2nd time a little better than the first) do yourself a favor and go here!Reservations are only good for inside (main dining room) sitting. You have to line up for the patio tables. The Steak & Frites plate is tender, but not huge. I think it's just right for the $29.99 they charge for it. Order Spinach, mash potatoes, and  mushroom sides to round out the meal.LOVE this place - get a seat outside for a view of the Bellagio fountains, but be prepared to wait as they don't take reservations for outdoor seating.  I enjoy brunch here the most, but dinner is great too.  Fabulous french onion soup!Made reservation through opentable & came here for lunch last Friday. Staff were very attentive. Our server made sure we didn't pour our carafe of Frangria (reallliee good) ourselves :D  Great view, service, price, & food!!!

On to the foodies we had:

*Mussels Marinière* --  Absolutely deee-lishcious!!!  Best mussels dish I've yet had in Vegas. To savor it all (down to the last few drips of sauce) we dipped the remaining of our fresh baguette into their white wine & herb sauce. Yuumm!! 

*Seafood Crepe* -- Excellent dish! Nice sized scallops & shrimps - perfectly cooked. Best eaten when served fresh out from the kitchen.

*Grilled Salmon & Spinach Salad* -- The blueberries & walnuts went so well with this salad! Big portion salmon - flavorful, not dry & grilled just right on a semi warm bed of spinich.


HELLSYA i'll be returning to dine at this place again... well the next time i'm out here for Vegas~!  ^^;Love this restaurant!  The steaks were fabulous.  We wondered how they could make them so juicy and thin.  Very French presentation.  The country pate was exceptional as was the St Emilion bordeaux wine we selected.  Memorable meal.  We booked on Open Table and did not have to wait to be seated.  Those without reservations had to wait about 20-30 minutes.  We also liked the indoor decor as opposed to the patio with street performers and the passing masses.I took my mother here on a mom-son date an early birthday gift for her. I must say the food, wine, and atmosphere was phenomenal. We arrived around brunch time when the traffic really picked up. The patio wait list was 45-60 min so we opted for indoor dining instead. We were sat right away towards the strip so we had the gorgeous view of the Bellagio. I ordered the  Bordelaise Steak Frite and my mom ordered the Chicken Paillard. Each of us ordered a glass of Pinot Merlot. I must say, my steak was close to, if not being, the best steak I've ever had. My mothers dish was exceptionally delicious as well. We asked one of the staff, Richard Uzi, to take a picture of us. One of the most humbling and friendly people. His character really brought our dining experience to the next level. Will definitely return here and recommend this place to friends.My friends and I were starving so we trekked to Mon Ami Gabi for Sunday brunch. There was a 30-40 minute wait for the patio but no line to dine inside. We didn't mind sitting inside. It's elegant and not as dark once your eyes adjust to the lighting. Our waitress was attentive and was able to help us choose our dishes. We all thoroughly enjoyed our food but I think my grilled salmon salad was the best pick. I think we were in and out in less than an hour. Perfect!Went with a large group for a bachelorette party but was seated right away and had good service throughout the night.  The bread and butter was delicious!  I love when the bread seems fresh and it comes in a loaf where you can rip it off and spread the home-made butter all over that.

The steak frites is what they're know for and the meat was VERY TENDER.  Delish.  However, mine was a bit salty.  The pomme frites that come with it are more like potato chips than fries.  Three of us shared the green beans and they were a welcome vegetable amongst the carbs and protein.  It was large enough to share comfortably.

Good ambiance.  Overall a nice place for dinner.I can only give 4 stars this visit. I was disappointed  that  the  make your own bloody mary bar is gone. The staff stated that it was hugely popular but high maintenance.  We sat on the beautiful patio which faces the strip. It was peaceful for about 5 minutes.  Soon a street performer parked himself  about 100 ft. From the restaurant on the sidewalk and began to play LOUDLY! The wait staff stated that he is there daily. Nobody seated outside  was enjoying his 5 song repeat set after set. You couldn't  hear your tablemates talk. Thats how loud he was! I am pretty stunned that the restaurant  puts up with him. Some people  asked to move inside  because he was so disruptive.  
As for the food. It was excellent!!!! The bloody mary was also excellent!!! The service was excellent.  
I will  sit inside next time. Hopefully  they ditch the guitar dude!!The service here is superb, I ordered the skinny pancakes topped with strawberries. I also ordered some frites & date glazed bacon & country sausage and of coarse some coffee. Everything tasted good everyone was friendly. They make sure your coffee cup and water glass remain full.We started out with seafood appetizers which were excellent. Following that two of us shared the chilled seafood platter which had very good food and a decent amount, although perhaps not as bountiful as some other restaurants may offer for the same price. One ordered the skirt steak with Dijon wine sauce that was outstanding in taste and very tender. 

We ended with deserts which were quite nice. Crime brûlée was average and the chocolate mouse was very good.  All in all we had a great experience here and will definitely be back again.We decided on celebrating our wedding anniversary here. We did not know what to expect but used reviews from YELP to help. TY! We were pleasantly surprised about the ambiance, food and service. The salmon appetizer was fantastic as was the steak frite and chicken we ordered. We intend to return to this restaurant if we are in Vegas again. Delicious and obvious to why it is so popular!Just wonderful. 

Came here for breakfast and it was perfect. We decided to sit outside and it was a gorgeous day and the location is as good as it gets. You get a nice view of the Bellagio, Caesars, and The Cosmo and can people watch while you eat (in the non-creepy sense of the term). 

Our server was one of the best I've had while dining EVER. Demetrius was his name I believe. Real classy guy and had "The Sense" as I hope all servers do ("The Sense" - knowing when and how often to check in on a table). Very polite and seemed like a pro at his job. The food also came out quickly so that was impressive as well. 

I ordered the Turkey and Egg White Omelette which was delightful. Just the perfect amount of food for someone who is hungry but not looking to stuff his/her face till exploding. My gf kept it simple and just ordered the Three Egg dish and she enjoyed it. What was great about it was that the sausages were actual sausages. Not those dinky,  index finger-sized, shriveled sausages you normally get from a Denny's or Ihop. Prices aren't too bad either - pretty much average $11-18 a dish. 

This is a great place to come for breakfast or brunch. Highly recommended. Ask for Demetrius, he is great!Tout était très bon la seule déception ce que personne ne parle français !!! Et c comme à Paris aucun service pendant  le repas !!Great place for lunch on a pretty afternoon.  Excellent service and food.  Love it! :-)Great food, great view of Bellagio Fountains, I almost hate to share the secret but can't help myself. Also serves a gourmet French Brunch with Bloody Mary bar.We're hungry and had too many choices on Vegas Strip, so we decided to follow yelp suggestions. A great success again. Staff is professional, polite, and passionate. The petite salad is very creative and tastes great. We ordered trout and boar ragu, both are very delicious and delicate in taste and demonstration. My kids enjoyed their kids meal/dessert a lot. Will definitely visit again and try out other items on the menu.Great outdoor view of the Bellagio fountains and great place to people watch on the Strip. However, have had better Steak and Frites before. You pay for the location, not the food. Keep that in mind.

They are open late...compared to other places in town. I was seated around 11:45 p.m.. The restaurant was full of people and had a wait time of 30 minutes to an hour to be seated. Good selection of half bottles and wines by the glass. 

The menu is straightforward and uncomplicated offering different variations of beef and of course accompanied by 'frites'. Had the filet mignon on both occassions. Skip the merlot butter and ask for regular or herbed butter. The meat was a little cold for my taste...I like my steaks sizzling on the plate.

This was more like...sitting on the plate for about 20 minutes ago. The 'frites' were quite good, crispy and airy. Bottle of Bordeaux was a great value at $45.00...enjoyed it. The 'warm chocolate cake' was more like a fallen souffle which had come out of the oven half an hour before. I make them better at home! Desserts are not their forte.  Total was about $160.00 with wine and dessert for two people. Had better steaks before...come here for the view and bistro ambiance...not the food. Would do it all over again....MUCH better than hotel restaurants! REALLY yummy drinks (but small for the $$). Beautiful patio great people watching. Decent prices compared to other places. DELICIOUS bread and butter. Good burger, fries, salad. Recommend!Possibly one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! The customer service was amazing and the food was so perfect. Great ambiance with indoor & outdoor seating options. Our table faced the Bellagio so we were able to watch the water show as well. 

I would recommend making a reservation - especially if you have a larger group. We were seated in less than 5 minutes.I opted to not sit in the patio because it was super bright out and I already felt blinded just walking here! I guess that's what happens after drinking all night... Our waiter didn't seem too happy with her job and began to walk away as she was finishing up telling us about the specials. Wow, if you don't want to be here, then don't fucking work here. At least our waters were constantly filled up by another waitress. On to the food...

We started off with the French onion soup which was by far the cheesiest French onion soup I've ever eaten. Delicious! I felt full after just sharing it with Joe. Dip some of that crusty bread in there and mm mm mm party in my mouth! I got the croque madam which was really good. I was expecting small portions but it was actually a lot of food! Or maybe French food is so heavy that you think you're eating a lot. The frites were good. They're kind of like thin potato chips. 

Joe got the crab salad tartine which was not good. I don't recommend it. You can barely taste the crab because everything else stuffed into the crab salad was overwhelming. You can only taste crab if you pick out a little piece of it. I don't think crab cut into tiny little pieces. The potato chips were good though!Want to give a shout out to My T. on this one, because him and his wife Thao T. brought me here for the first time.  But Alcatraz is for locals too, so don't hate plaYa!!

One of my favorite brunch spots on the strip.  Actually I've been in Vegas for a little less than a month now, so I don't have too many brunch spots on the strip, but I still love this place.

Nice tip:  Also learned this from My T, when you're waiting for your table, there is a bar in the back in the outside area where you can hang out and people watch and enjoy a drink.  This is actually a crucial part of the experience here for me.  

Tip #2, you want a table outside.  Inside is a bit boring and I always see the younger crowds outside.

Good food (a bit pricey, but that's how the strip rolls) good people watching and other views like the fountains, this place is cool.  I still would give it 5 stars even though I feel the food is a bit pricey.

Recommendations on food are the salmon salad if you are gonna be a weenie and not want something greasy like me sometimes, or I would go steak frites if you wanna go big.  The fries are crispy which is too annoying.

I have yet to try the onion soup, everyone seems to be raving about it!Food was good but price was pretty hefty.

The warm bread was butter were disappointing.  The bread smelled fabulous but it definitely did not remind me of the yummy baguettes in Paris.  The butter was rock hard and smelled of freezer burn.

The onion soup was dellish.
The quiche lorraine was good, not great. Bit expenssive at $15.95 since it doesn't come with anything else. 
The Classic Steak Frites was fabulous.  The steak was perfectly seared and well seasoned.  The sauce on top wasn't overpowering and made for a great accompaniment.  The fries were perfectly crisp.

Soup, quiche, steak frites, and class of wine came to be $75.  So after tip, it's almost a $100 lunch.  Bit expensive for lunch but at least the people watching from the patio seating is great.I absolutely loved this place. Went with a few of my dad's friends while they were in town and we were all very pleased with the food. Ordered a cheese tray for an appetizer which was delicious and for dinner I ordered the mussels. I am a mussel connoisseur and I ate the entire bowl in about 2 minutes. Everyone else who was with me ate their meal about just as fast as well. Food was delicious and now on to the dessert...oh my word! Absolutely amazing. If I have friends that come into town, I will definitely be taking them here. Definitely worth the price, which isn't too bad, and is a crowd pleaser.I absolutely love this place. I've been to Vegas a thousand times so seeing the Bellagio fountain show is not an interest of mine so we sat inside. We started off with a warm baguette with shredded carrots and honey or (something like that), wild escargots de Bourgogne and French onion soup. For the main course I had the steak (medium rare) fries classique w/ maitre d'hotel butter (herb butter) and my husband had the steak (medium rare) fries w/bearnaise sauce. Both of us agree it was the best steak we ever had. So tender and flavorful you don't need the sauce. Our waiter was wonderful. I highly recommend trying this place and I will definitely return.Great breakfast spot in Vegas! One of my husband's finds from his overnights - close to his hotel - reasonable walking distance to and from my conference hotel. Could almost picture we're in France sitting outside in the covered patio early in the morning before much of Vegas wakes up. Well picture sans the multi-lane street and the entrance through the casino. ;op Ambiance is great! Service is excellent! Food is delicious! Mushroom omelette - love the combination of brie and chives! Eggs florentine - standard goodness! The highlight was the mixed berry waffle, which are more like crepes - so good, we ordered it both times we ate at Mon Ami Gabi. Great way to start the day!This seafood bistro is certainly conveniently-placed, and if the people dining al fresco seem insane (since Las Vegas is on the surface of the Sun), there's plenty of seating inside, and the interior is beautiful.

Poor:
Green beans side (bits of garlic, no particular taste, waxy texture)

Fair:
Onion soup (sweet, lightly flavored)
Frites (somewhere between a potato chip and a fry; didn't like)
Peppercorn burger (burger ok, sauce weak, bun uninteresting)

Good:
Glass of "Frangria" (ok, 3 of them; liked the grapes inside)
Crab and Gouda-stuffed salmon with a mustard creme fraiche (the cream really doesn't taste of mustard; don't let it dissuade you)

Great:
Gluten-free toast and warmed olives (courtesy of our waitress, learning that we needed a gluten-free menu)
The service (see above -- generous, prompt, glasses refilled or replaced quickly)
Appearance -- I like the classic looks of the place (inside)

If I went back, I know the food would be good, and I'd have eliminated some things I now know they don't do to my taste. This place is traditional and classy, and with that being pretty rare in the vicinity, that's what I'd go back for.Great gluten free menu and they even serve gluten free bread while you wait. Went to dinner last night - ordered the grilled chicken with baby kale salad and the au poirve steak...both very good. Demetrius was a great waiter; very friendly, funny, and could tell he enjoys being there. Highly recommend! Also a great place for brunch.So I really wanted to have breakfast here. We made a reservation at 12PM on Sunday but little did I know they serve breakfast here till 11AM :(. Their brunch menu is limited and they only have a few dishes. We ended up having food from their regular menu and i must say, we were not disappointed. We had the chicken liver pate and its aaaamazing! I think that would have to be the best thing we had. It came with a little sauce which pairs with it well. We also had chicken and mushroom crepe and a lobster roll. The crepe was perfection, the chicken just right, the sauce rich and creamy. It was a little heavy but that is kind of expected for French food. The lobster roll was good, the lobster was really fresh. Highly recommend making a reservation, we got seated right away and we got a seat near the patio. Got a glimpse of the Bellagio fountains.Heard good things about the blueberry french toast and crepes! Was so excited to come here! Location was awesome! Right on the strip and across the street from the Bellagio! Saw the show from our table. Blueberry French toast was good, but nothing to write home about. Service was good. Would come back for the location but try something different! FYI: guys, wear a shirt!!!! Me and my boyfriend wore tank tops.... They gave him a free white t-shirt to wear, but allowed me to wear mine!!! So lame!We both work in the industry. We were 20 minutes late, our Party was 30 minutes late. We made them move us 3 freaking times to the Perfect patio table. All 4 of us enjoyed our meals. Their patience for our bullshit was immaculate. I'd have been pissed off if they did this to me.Delicious food and drinks all served on a beautiful patio overlooking the strip. Great place for a romantic meal or a relaxing brunch after a rough night out. Be prepared to wait for awhile for a table and definitely be ready for a hefty bill. This meal won't come cheap.The French baguette that they serve at the beginning was awesome. The onion soup is delicious and not really like your typical French onion soup. The French fries are also very good.If they have open seats on the patio, I recommend sitting out there and people watching on the strip. The service is wonderful even when the place is packed. I have never had something I didn't enjoy here. They are accommodating of large groups as well.Simply put- Amazing.

There are so many restaurants in Vegas, so it's really hard to know and find which place to go to.  If you just want a great breakfast/brunch place to go to...check out this place. It's across from Bellagio (Paris Resort area).  My wife and I went there for brunch one morning. I got the steak and eggs, and my wife got the Nutella waffles. We just split our plates so we could try each other's.  The steak was tender and juicy. It's a small streak and actually goes well with the scrambled eggs.  With that, you also get some toast. This meal was great! My wife's Nutella waffles were awesome too. I think the mix of salty (my food)..and sweetness (her food)...just made everything taste good. It's not crazy expensive and it's totally worth it.  The service was great too. Our waitress was really nice and from observing the other waiters...I could see some actually playing with babies...and interacting with families. It's something that is rare to see nowadays.  

Definitely check it out. Sure there are the buffets, fancy restaurants, and other restaurants...but if you want to go to a nice place with family or your significant other....and eat some good food....go here :)

Keep in mind- we went for brunch....so I don't know how lunch/dinner is.

Have fun!

JonasThis place has a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains from both the indoor and outdoor patio areas. The seating area that is completely indoors has a different ambiance, as it had low lighting and was more intimate, with not much of view. 

The food was amazing and the service was great. I ordered the Slow-Braised Beef Eggs Benedict. Ohh man ... the meat was so tender and full of flavor, while the English muffin was toasted to perfection. The bacon they serve is also really good. The mimosas were a bit too champagne-y for my taste. This place is great and I plan to come back during my next visit!I was just here it was very good. The service was great with the exception of being served too fast. I would have liked to have enjoyed the great ambiance a little more before getting the meal so quickly. Tip to everyone, keep your menu's a while before ordering because as soon as you do the food is right there. The place is great, the food is great and the wait staff is great. I do highly recommend this place and will go back myself. Call for a reservation too, enjoyA LITTLE PARISIAN ROMANCE
Great reviews led us to Mon Ami Gabi, a French restaurant located at the Paris Hotel, and directly across the street from the Bellagio.

When you arrive, do not ponder whether one should dine inside, in the more formal dining area, or outside on the patio.  The outdoor patio is a MUST.  For cooler evenings, there are heating lamps evenly spaced between tables.

We arrived early for our dinner reservation.  The patio area was completely full, albeit one table.  With its prime location and Vegas crowds, I could imagine the seating full, for the entirety of any day.  We were seated along the perimeter, directly across from the Bellagio and their spectacular water fountain show.  It was, undoubtedly, the best seat in the house.

A loaf of French bread wrapped in a cute paper bag, along with whipped butter and a serving of grated carrots in a vinaigrette was placed on our table.  

For an appetizer, we ordered the Mussels Marinière, in a delicate white wine and herb sauce.  This was simply delicious.  Once the mussels were eaten, we used the French bread as a "plate mop" for scooping up all that delicious broth from the bowl then into our mouths.  

For our entrées my husband ordered the Chicken Paillard.  It was served with a roasted kabocha squash and tenderly sautéed in mushrooms and lemon butter.  I ordered a 22 oz. grain fed, Midwest bone-in rib eye served with a Béarnaise sauce on the side.  My steak looked good, but average in taste and texture.  I ordered it medium-rare; it was more akin to medium doneness.  For variety, I requested a side of their veal reduction sauce.  Hand cut frites were served alongside my steak.

For dessert, we shared a very large serving of their mouth-watering, Bananas Foster.  A soft Crêpe, filled with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and plated over a pool of rich, buttery caramel sauce, topped with sliced bananas and cream, would have surely sent my knees buckling if I were standing. 

The two hours that we had spent there could have continued through the wee hours of the evening.  With romantic company, a lovely meal at sunset, sipping wine with an elevated view of the Strip and beautiful music emanating from Bellagio's water fountain show, just added to the most perfect evening.

Until we return, we are left to reminisce.Who makes the best waffles? I believe Mon Ami makes one of the best waffles I've ever had. Mon Ami has ignited my love for waffles! Think lightly crunched but pillowey soft in the center. You have fresh blueberries all sprinkled on top. NOT ONE of the blueberries were sour. NOT ONE. They were all sweet. Then you have the blueberry jam that was pureed mixed with bits and pieces of actual blueberries. I was in heaven. Talk about starting off the morning right! 

The vegetable omelette was cooked to perfection. There was just the perfect amount of cheese inside. You could see the gooeyness when you opened the omelette but the cheese wasn't overpowering the lightness of the egg or the vegetables. Our breakfast was nothing short of perfection and the service was on point the entire time. Although our food could've been easily oily and left us feeling heavy, we left feeling satisfied and great! We had made plans to go back that following night for dinner but you know how it goes when you're in Vegas. 

Mon Ami will definitely be a restaurant on my list to eat it at on all future visits. I recommend you make reservations if you plan on visiting for lunch or dinner during the weekends.Mon Ami Gabi is a great place for breakfast or brunch.  Make reservations on opentable.com for weekends.  (However, you can't make reservations on opentable for the outdoor patio).  The outdoor patio has a great view of the Bellagio fountains right across the street.  

The eggs benedict was perfect.  The real winner was the hash browns that had some cheesy goodness mixed in.This place is amazing!

The Wild Escargots De Bourgogne ($15.95): oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter is to die for. Try this with their freshly made house bread. It's the perfect combination.

For my entree, I had the Mussels Mariniere ($12.95 for half or $23.95 for full with fries): white wine and herbs. How can you go wrong with mussels?

Bestie had one of their specials that night: Beef Wellington. I can't remember what exactly was made with the beef, but I do remember this being crazy delicious. There was a good-sized chunk of meat wrapped around a pastry and of course a special-house sauce. There was also Pommes Frites to accommodate the steak. I would definitely make a trip back.I took my aunt and uncle here while visiting vegas last week and we loved it. It's my second time here and I got the steak which was a French steak. I wasn't impressed bc I didn't know what to expect out of a French steak. I didn't realize it would be so flat so make sure you know that before hand. The soufflé cauliflower was very awesome! If it's warm air outside on the patio so you can see the fountains across the street. That might be the best part of the restaurant! Also it's not very pricy and was easy to get a reservation in even on a Friday nightWhere is the most romantic place to have breakfast in Las Vegas?  How about an outdoor cafe?  How about a place that serves the food perfectly prepared with outstanding service?  How about a great view and interesting scenery?  Mon Ami Gami is without exception, the answer.

I took the boyfriend here for a Sunday lunch.  We had to wait on a table for a little while, but were seated at a table for two under an umbrella.  We had a lovely view of the Bellaggio Fountains as well as a great spot to people watch the tourists walking by.  

I ordered a smoked salmon benedict and it was cooked to perfection.  I asked for the sauce on the side and I actually used a little hot sauce on the eggs.  The passion fruit tea served over ice was the perfet complement to the weather and the breakfast.  While we were waiting on our food a fresh baguette was brought to us to savor.  

We had a lovely breakfast and a nice chance to just relax and visit with each other.  Now why don't I just come here every weekend?The meals portions are just right, priced well. We were 3 together and our bill was up to 70$. We sat down outside with a view on the Bellagio's fountain.  

The Omelettes are exceptional good and the French toast is a must try. 

Coffees here are re-filled for freeI had the breakfast on Sunday morning. Yes, breakfast as it was actually before they officially opened for the day & don't consider that early of a meal, brunch.The service was great, food was excellent and I've been back a few times for work and special occasions.My boyfriend and I love coming here on our special occasion nights. We love the service and the food, the food especially!

Our most favorite starting appetizer is definitely the scallops. I'm really picky on my scallops and Mon Ami Gabi gets it just right. If I would order about five plates of scallops for appetizer, main course and dessert I really would! It comes in three cute little seashell molds and each one has two perfectly plump scallops hiding under a nice layer of cheese (I normally remove to save myself the added calories) and after a nice sprinkling of lemon juice, dive in! It came to the point we have to get our own portions because it's so good. Definitely a must try.

I've had the bass (which was a special menu item, I believe) and the salmon (a regular menu item), and of the two the salmon is delicious! It's flaky and moist and it's just the right portion. 

The apple tarte...   What more can I say about this warm and cold and sweet luscious dessert. Well, we devoured it. Plain and simple. It was a nice ending to our meal. 

The only thing that kinda bothers me, is the seating. We were seated in the midst of groups and groups of people the last time we were here. On Valentine's day, however, we had a nice intimate two seat table away from every one else. That was nice. I would love it if we could get that kind of seating all the time, but availability gets in the way unfortunately.

Other than that, I highly recommend coming here if you like French food, or just food in general. Much, much better than the Eiffel Tower Restaurant-- by a lot!

On a side note, they also serve breakfast; which I am DYING to try!Service, food, atmosphere,  location are the best!! We started with the whipped cauliflower from the sides menu.  for our main dish the warm goat cheese salad, hubby had grilled chicken salad. For dessert the classic profiteroles, wow!! All was amazing!!Mon Ami is a wonderful French bistro serving a great selection of French salads, soups, steaks, and seafood.  I make sure to have one meal here every time I'm in Vegas, and here are my favorites:

Sea Scallops Gratinee- One of the best scallop appetizers I've ever had, this is a wonderful way to start your meal.  Make sure you have enough baguette to mop up the wonderful onion/fennel marmelade.

Mussels Mariniere- Fresh, plump mussels served in a tasty white wine, parsley, and cream...again, more bread please!

Steak Bordelaise- A london broil cut of beef should not taste this good...Mon Ami does wonderful things with their steaks!  Carmelized onion with red wine, and a pounded down london broil with hand cut frites.  The frites are nice and crispy, but this cut of beef is the star of the show.  Yes, you can pay $100 for a nice dry-aged rib eye at a high-end steakhouse, but you'll be just as satisfied paying $25 for this work of art.  

Good prices, good service, consistently great food...Mon Ami is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.Great food. Had the Salmon, Caesar salad, and bread pudding for dessert. Would recommend for a quick dinner with friends. Not a super high-end by Las Vegas standards, but just right for a good meal.The food is solid french bistro faire, but the view of the Bellagio fountains, the restaurant decor, exceptional service, and decent prices are what really make this place.  

Loved the baked cheese app, the bread pudding dessert and our attentive and friendly server.My Boyfriend and I decided to have a nice dinner on our last night in Vegas. We did not choose wrong. The restaurant is located in Paris right across from the Bellagio fountains. To start, this place is beautiful and sat us very fast. As we sat down a baguette and crab salad are brought to the table. My boyfriend ordered the muscle and corn chowder as an appetizer. This was detectable and hot. We both ordered the steak frites as our main course. This steak literally melted in our mouths. This is easily the best meal I've ever had. Our server was very polite and came around to the table the perfect amount. We had cappuccinos for desert that were velvety and delicious. 

Please eat here if you are looking for a nice meal and a French bistro.Gabi is mi amiga, my bestie, my BFF, as well as Mon Ami.  Eating on the patio is the best, a transport to Paris.  The patio is an absolutely fantastic place for people watching.  It's right on the Las Vegas Blvd, with an amazing view of the Belagio fountains...and even on the hottest of days, some of the best misters spraying down some welcome coolness.

The food is wonderful, and the service lovely.  I've tried a half dozen or so items, but always seem to return to my favorite - steak and pomme frites.  AWESOME.  I also love the Brie Burger, which is very tasty, and the secret...shhhhh...herb butter placed inside the patty before they cook it.  It oozes was flavor!  Très délicieux!

Love love love the shredded carrot salad that served with their fresh, warm baguette.  It's definitely the best darn bread I've had outside of Paris.  

The wine list is impressive.  It has very reasonable wines by the glass, too, so as to fit into any budget.

Among all the places I've eaten at it Vegas, this is always really consistently great, and when you mix in the outdoor patio experience - it's one of my favorites.Really enjoyed it here, during lunch they seat people in one area and it was really condensed but I didn't mind I really relished in the view of the strip. Our waitress was super friendly and catered to our needs. The filet mignon was yummy but a bit dry for a medium well, but overall the experience was lovely. Will be coming back here for special occasions.We were craving escargot. Not the escargot that's stir fried with vegetables or other add ins, just the simple awesome garlic with herb butter sauce escargot baked in the oven and served with a fresh baguette. We asked a few of our local friends and every single recommendation pointed to this restaurant. 

The escargot was awesome like we expected but the star of the show was the baked goat cheese with tomato sauce. It's served with a toasted half baguette with herb butter sauce. Just dip (or smother) the bread in the cheese and sauce and voila! Awesomeness in your mouth. We also had the bone in ribeye with bearnaise sauce. I didn't even use the sauce as I just enjoyed eating the chargrilled steak by itself. The meat was soft and tender and the outer char added a nice crispy, slightly burnt taste which I love. 

Service is awesome just like most everywhere on the LV strip. Great views of the Bellagio water shows as well if you're lucky enough to get a seat on the balcony. Might be bit of a wait though. Enjoy!!!Came here for lunch on Monday.  I sat at the patio area, which is quite nice...it's right across from the Bellagio so you can watch the water show, although it's a bit blocked by the trees.  Prompt and nice service.  Meal came with a very delicious baguette.  Ordered the Onion soup, Chive Scrambled Crepe and Hamburger...I was surprised by the big portions  The Onion soup was very tasty...not overly salted like most places.  There's about an inch of cheese on top and although I LOVE melted cheese, it was a bit much for that amount of soup.  The crepe was pretty good...I think I would have enjoyed it more but I was stuffed with cheese from the soup.  Hamburger was good.  I love the frites...it's flat-cut slivers, kind of like a thick potato chip, less crunchy.I waffled between a 4 and 5 stars. The service is good, the people watching stellar when you sit outside. Gluten free menu is an added plus. I will definitely be backAMAZING!! And one of the first place on the strip that fully accommodates gluten free! First the bring out GF bread (which is amazing in itself, one of the best gf breads i have ever tasted) then they have a separate menu that has a good range of options and even 3 gf desserts! They even mark the meals with a allergy toothpick. I had the skate meal and was delicious...mum 

Try get in early for a seat outside, it's truly worth it, a view of the Bellagio fountain at night is beautiful. 

Our waiter was Jonathan and he was beyond amazing, he made the experience so much more enjoyable, we was very knowledgable about everything on the menu. And was patient with us as we took a lot of time to decided! 

Great good for a great price! Would go back in a heartbeat and would recommend it to everyone!Impeccable service, always-wonderful food, beautiful view of the strip from the patio.Fantastic fillet mignon and frites~ great food and atmosphere, definitely recommend this place when in Vegas~I wish there were more stars to give.  The food is amazing.  I visited the Vegas location this past weekend and was highly impressed with the delicious food, from their orange juice to something as simple as bread.  I went two days in a row :-) I highly recomed the chicken crepe. I wish a Mon Ami restaurant will open in NY/NJ.Wow. Eat here.

Steaks and frites are awesome.

We got to sit outside, on the strip, across from Bellagio. Very nice.This place is dynamite.  I am super-picky about restaurants after having worked in them in college and going out so much for work, and this place just knocked it out of the park.  Absolute dynamite.  The steak, the salmon appetizer, the bread and garlic mashed, everything was perfect.  They even have Dogfish Head Ale which is impossible to get west of the Mississippi River.  I can't compliment them enough.FIRST Vegas trip in August and I had bookmarked this place before I got there. It seemed like a great place to wine and dine (in the afternoon, HA).

Made reservations, but when we got there it wasn't that busy. This place is in the corner of the Casino, a bit hard to find in my opinion. When we walked in the host greeted us and asked where we would like to sit. I requested to be seated outdoors, but she had warned me that we'd be under direct sunlight, so we happily said NEVERMIND! When the host took us to our table, it was half indoors and half outdoors... as in we were outside pretty much, but there was a tarp above us.. kind of, I guess. Anyway, it was PERFECT! Highly recommend people to sit out there. Our server was very quick to greet and was extremely personable. 

Everything on the menu seemed so delicious, but we finally made our decision.
Before each entrée, they bring out a loaf of bread....................................... SO GOOD. I can eat bread and butter all day for days, but this one specifically I can eat 24/7. So warm and so fluffy. I LOVE.
What we ordered:
Seared Scallops - HOLY CRAP. Hands down the best seared scallops I've ever had in my life. It comes with a tangy mixed veggie/fruit (if I remember correctly) type of thing with 5 HUGE scallops cooked to perfection. It as AH-MAZING. Highly recommend. Some lady leaving the restaurant even did a double take at my plate and said, "THAT LOOKS REALLY GOOD"! :)
Steak and Frites - Thin later of steak did not look so appetizing, but do NOT judge on it's presentation. This dish too was so delicious. There was so much flavor in that meat. The frites weren't to bad either. My lover couldn't stop eating them.

Great service, great atmosphere, great food. What more could you ask for? DO IT!

P.S. It looks pretty fancy shmancy inside, but don't feel intimidated. The staff is really nice and makes you feel comfortable.
P.P.S. They also had some crazy bloody mary bar. Saw a lot of people taking advantage of that. Will definitely give it a try :)Absolutely perfect! We celebrated our anniversary here and they gave us the best seat in the house! Right along the strip, where we could people watch and enjoy the fountains of the Bellagio! We had the bison ribeye and tornado steak medallions and it was DELICIOUS! They even gave us a French dessert with a candle to congratulate us on our anniversary! Just perfect. Everything.The best restaurant in las Vegas that we went to this trip. Affordable. Beautiful view from the patio. We were sat quickly. We had an average waiter. He didn't speak English fluently but he tried his best. Wonderful champaign. We got muscles and goat cheese bread sauce for starters. The muscles were so good, very seasoned and not overcooked. Also not a bit of grit in them. The goat cheese dipping sauce might have been the best thing in Vegas. My god it took my breath away. Please try it. Then we got our entrees. Salmon blueberry salad. The bomb. And a bison steak. Very unique. Most definitely the best restaurant in Vegas.Eat on the patio! 

Came here and met up with a friend I hadn't seen in years. Food and service were great, lovely view of the Bellagio fountains, and it is just plain cool to eat right on the strip.I've recently moved to Vegas, so my daughter took me to Mon Ami Gabi to celebrate.
We had lunch on the patio, and even though it was quite warm outside, the umbrellas & cool air from the overhead fans kept it very comfortable.  We shared the chicken and broccoli quiche and the prime steak sandwich with frites.  Both were excellent.  The patio is in the perfect spot for people watching.  Best of all, if you're there at the right time, you are directly across from the Bellagio Fountains, so you get a show with your meal!  Great food & service.Food was excellent here.  My fiancé ordered the Salmon dish and I ordered the truffle mushroom pasta.  His dish was healthy and he felt good after eating it as oppose to the dishes he's been eating like burgers with fries.  I had the truffle mushroom pasta and the big mushroom I had in my pasta, I thought it was shredded pork I was eating at first.  No need to order appz because they give their freshly baked bread before you get your entree and it came with butter and their house made carrot vinegar based side.Never disappointing. Patio seating is a must on nice days. Today we were told 15-30 minute wait but were seated within 10. 

Great view of the Bellagio fountain. Salmon eggs Benedict are amazing.Mon ami Gabi est un resto touristique mais très bon! 

On ne savait pas trop ce que l'on voulait diner sur le strip, et on s'est dit que diner en face des fontaines du Bellagio pourrait être sympa. De plus la carte n'est pas extrêmement cher comparé aux autres restaurants autour. 

La carte présente beaucoup de plats Français ainsi que beaucoup de vin Français. Pour avoir essayer la soupe à l'oignon ainsi qu'un truite nous étions convaincu ! La qualité est là. 
De plus nous avions du pain et du beurre pour patienter. Les desserts typiquement Français sont délicieux, la crème brûlée fut parfaite.

L'ambiance est romantique, on retrouve un peu l'ambiance de certains bistro haut de gamme de Paris. Il est possible de manger à l'intérieur, à l'extérieur et ainsi que dans la véranda. Il y a des parasols chauffants pour l'extérieur lorsque la fraicheur du désert s'installe. 

Le service fait un peu usine, les serveurs installent les convives aux tables qu'ils leur sont attribués par radio. Mais une fois installé et que son serveur attitré s'occupent de nous, tout va bien. 

Pour ceux qui veulent manger Français à Vegas sans pour autant dépenser une fortune, ce restaurant est tout à fait correct.Came here to surprise my boyfriend for his birthday. 
Well, I do have to say the decor and view are worth it! Very romantic, so I was not disappointed. 
We arrived on time and requested to eat on the terrace. We only waited like 15 minutes before having a table. Not too bad.

We enjoyed watching the Bellagio fountain show while eating our dinner.

The food is good, a bit expensive for what it is though. I guess you pay for the location mainly.
I was expecting better for the escargot appetizers. Nothing impressive. The meat was very good though.
But as a french, I don't think it reflects our gastronomy so I wouldn't go there if the purpose is having a taste of french cuisine.

The staff was very caring, smiley and attentive. The waitress even tried to speak french with me which I appreciated I thought it was kind of her to make this effort. 

I had made a reservation online a week before so I had requested a candle on the dessert and they did it so I was happy and my boyfriend too!

 For two persons, 4 glasses of wine, one appetizer for two, two meats and one chouquette for my boyfriend, I payed around 140. 

I won't go again because there are so many restaurants to experience in Las Vegas but I would recommend at least to try it!Hands down the best Quiche I have ever had .. and I've eaten alot of quiche. it melts in  your mouth. Quiche Lorraine mmm. 

The restaurant is beautiful. Although certain spots were a little cramped.Good food, good sangria, and a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountain!  My lunch at Mon Ami Gabi was simple and delicious, and I found myself staring at other tables' food as well.  I had a salad and the crab cake appetizer and my friend said her summer tomato and avocado salad was perfect.  Plus, they had nice misters to save us from the heat!Went here for lunch and ordered the seafood crepe and sea scallops. Tasted perfectly with a glass of white wine. Will definitely come back on my next Vegas trips.

5 stars for the food and the price
5 stars for the service.
5 stars for the ambiance.

Came back again for breakfast and once again happy with my meal. We ordered the egg benedicts and corn egg and hash. Both were very delicious. The pouched egg was firm just the right, but not too soft.I've had both brunch and dinner here, but I'll just focus on dinner since that's fresh in my mind and tastebuds. 

My girl and I were staying at Paris and didn't have much time to eat before a show, so we walked in and hoped for a table. We were greeted and seated immediately. Wound up being a great decision. 

I was in the mood for a steak. There are plenty of fantastic options in Vegas, but Mon Ami seemed to have a strong reputation for steaks from Yelp reviews. I don't always eat steak, but when I do, it's Filet Mignon. I asked the server which of the two on the menu she recommended (cream sauce vs. red wine) and she said red wine, hands down. 

Simple but elegant presentation. The steak came out medium well, just as I asked.  The meat was plump, tender, juicy and very, very fresh tasting. Not a big red wine fan but the reduction was a fantastic complement to the juiciness of the meat without drowning out the taste of the filet. Was over fries so opted for mashed potatoes (free substitution) and those were fantastic as well, with a solid creamy consistency. 

Service was prompt yet laid back. We were in and out with plenty of time to catch our show, with happy bellies in tow. Two entrees and two glasses of wine plus tax and tip came to about $120 which is pricey but what you'd expect for a quality meal in Vega$$$. 

Highly recommended whether you're planning on it or just stumbling in like we did.I've eaten here 3 times because it's one of the few nicer places in Vegas that's not ridiculously expensive. Always had a great experience. I love the steak with bearnaise, and the trout is delish too. If you eat outside you have a view of the Bellagio fountain show.Woke up just in time for lunch and made online reservations via Open Table, which saved a lot of time! Sitting outside would have yielded a better view, but we were definitely too hungry to wait.

I had the Steak Bordelaise while my boyfriend had the Steak Classique. Service was friendly and could have been a little faster but I didn't mind since I was still in recovery mode. The French bread came out nice and warm and had the perfect crust. Steaks were good and I enjoyed the red wine sauce of the bordelaise, but the caramelized onions were a bit too sweet for me. The frites were a nice accompaniment since it wasn't has heavy and greasy as American style fries. Makes eating meat and potatoes a lot more lady like and sophisticated rather than a big hunk of pink meat.

Overall, a decent place to grab some French style eats, but being in Vegas, there's probably better deals at the multitude of buffets; total bill came out to be $80ish with tip for the two steak entrees and four orange juices (boo on not having free refills!)91.00 for the following items
pate
filet mignon plate
steak a la house
2 glasses of wine
complimentary bread

ambiance: pleasant although a bit warm , scenery included the water show across the street which I enjoyed.
service: server was attentive and nice eventhough she had another table with a whole bunch of rude drunks.
Now on to the most important the FOOD:
the pate came with bread and grapes (perfectwith the wine)
The butter filet mignon was sooooo delishes my
 bf who ordered the larger steak even wanted my dish. The sidedishes these meat plates came with was "frites" which are just thinnly cut french fries, I'd love to have seen less fries and maybe another side like veggies! Overall I'm definitely returning when I'm in vegas.went here for thanksgiving dinner and we loved it!  wife got the turkey and was very happy.  i got the filet mignon.  it was great - i guess they pound it so it wasn't as thick as i would expect, but the result was perfect.  service was great - waiter Francois.  we were lucky enough to sit out on the patio to soak in the sights including the bellagio fountains.  this place is huge but the experience was every bit as good as a small restaurant in terms of the quality of food as well as the attentive service.Loved this place. Service exceeded expectations, food was delivered quick and hot with just the taste and flavor I was looking for.. Thank you!Spent a week in Vegas and had three breakfast's here. 

Service is very good, especially for Vegas in the morning.

The corned beef hash is extraordinary and they make the corned beef in house, large succulent chunks of meat not the mush typically found in other restaurants.

Egg white and turkey omelet was great too (for an egg white omelet)

Last breakfast there I had the brie and mushroom omelet, it was fantastic! My wife had the french toast which consisted of huge slices (2"+ thick) of Mon Ami's, made in house, brioche and blueberry coulis other than the sugar high that wore off a couple hours later this was easily the best french toast either of us had ever had.

The only downside of Mon Ami, other than the location 1,500 miles from me, is that it makes homemade breakfast seem pitiful in comparison.This is a Great French steak-house chain located in the Paris Hotel Casino. I have had everything from a steak to the duck (it was a special one night) and it was fantastic. Ask to be seated on the patio and have a great view of the Las Vegas Strip (as I have said in other reviews Las Vegas has the best people watching on the planet).Had a great birthday dinner!  Steak frites, yum!  Great cut of steak, killer frites ( hint: order them crispy!). Really lovely server.

Returned Sat. for breakfast, they lost our order and we waited a long time for food.  Very good when it finally came out! Manager was great and comped us on part of the meal, very apologetic,  server was mealy and obviously ready or his shift to end.

Will go back there again.  ( mon Ami's keep some milk at the wait stations, I had to ask numerous times to get some for my coffee both iits, why does staff has to go to the bar for it?)On a recent 2-night trip to Vegas, we actually ate here twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner.

I have to say, this is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere, not just counting Vegas. The deck is worth the wait to watch the fountains, but if you want to enjoy it without the wait, go at breakfast. The interior is just as wonderful at night, so don't feel too disappointed if you sit inside.

I do feel that their menu has gotten a little less adventurous since I went for the first time 6 or 7 years ago. But it is still excellent, and surprisingly reasonably priced, given it's premier location.

Just a great experience all around.Fish and steak was juicy and very tender. Great service. A lil pricy though. Could easily spend $80-110 for (2)..  Has an outdoor dining section.I love the French. 

Went here for dinner before the O show at the Bellagio. We were late for our reservations but no problem - we were still seated right away. 

Loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. Dimly lit with dark decor. Totally reminded me of being in a French bistro (and yes, I have been in a real French bistro in France). 

Started off with the onion soup au gratin which was tasty and ooey gooey cheesy. I liked how they had slices of baguette with the crust still on which gave it great texture and flavor. I have to admit though that it was a tad salty for my liking but I finished it anyway. 

For our entree, I got the filet with merlot butter and red wine reduction and the fiance got the trout Grenobloise. I got my filet cooked medium and when I got it, it was perfectly cooked. Juicy and fork tender. It literally melted in my mouth. I didn't get to try my fiance's trout however it was a rather large portion and he was very content with his rich and savory dish. 

I also have to a say that service was superb. They were quite attentive with our drinks with always refilling our glasses when the were getting empty. Also our soup came out in no time and our entrees were also presented to us before we finished our soup. Our waiter was gracious enough to take our entrees back to the kitchen to say warm until we finished our soup. 

Dining at Mon Ami Gabi was a fantastic experience. Loved every minute and bite that I had. I surely will eat here again on my next trip!Staff were  very nice and service was very good! Salmon salad was good too !!
I will back  the restaurant again ;)The ambiance is wonderful, the wine selection is great, although I miss the wine cart, and the food, well the food is amazing.   Went for our anniversary just because we wanted some place special and this restaurant certainly is.  Not very often that lamb is an entree but it was the nightly special and of course I had to order it.  Done perfectly and the side was an artichoke puree that made my mouth sing.   Hubby had a steak and fries and I think he might have licked the plate.  The salad is a bit lack luster, just some lettuce with dressing, but who cares, I didn't eat it all and was able to find room in my tummy for all of my main course.  Always sad when I don't have room for dessert.Great atmosphere, view, and five-star service! The food was good, but nothing that just completely "wowed" me. I'd give them 5 stars based on their service but the food is what made me give them a 4-star review. The view of the Bellagio fountains is also impressive.Friendly staff and tasty bistro food.  Wine list was extensive and the "by the glass" choices were a good representation of the list.Great atmosphere and food.  We had breakfast on the porch in between shopping.  We nursed ourselves back to fighting condition with benedict special which was pork bellies, mimosas and coffee.  Service was exceptional, the waiter was actually french, or a really good actor practicing his accents.I took my girlfriend on a first date here and it was the perfect restaurant choice to do so.

I requested to be seated with a view of the Bellagio fountains and that's exactly what I got. There is no better back drop when in Vegas then the towering fountains. I highly suggest making this request to better your chances on getting lucky. The odds would be better than any other casino game you would be playing anyway. 

The prices are very reasonable for Vegas. Everything we got was standard tasty french food. As an appetizer I recommend the warm brie cheese. Just marvelous with the black pepper honey, hazelnuts and croutons. I ordered the steak classique that came with thin fries which paired well and both were very satisfactory. The onion soup au gratin is standard. My date got the daily fresh fish which she seemed to enjoy.

This time around what happened in vegas, didn't stay there. I still got the girl. She's an absolute beauty. Peace out!So we literally just got done eating here and this is hands down the best breakfast I've ever had. We started off with a mimosa and we had eggs Benedict, ham and cheese omelette and bacon....it is seriously so good. I highly recommend this place if you're visiting Vegas.Came in for breakfast with about a ten minute wait for a table outside. Went to the bar and ordered a carafe of sangria. The pager went off right after ordering and they said they'd take care of bringing it to the table but we waited a while and had to ask for the carafe we ordered and the server didn't know we ordered it so when it finally came it was a little watered down, but it was strong and refreshing none the less which was a redeeming quality!

I got the chicken, Brie, and apple crepe. So creamy and delicious. And boyfriend got the smoked salmon eggs Benedict that was also amazing. Food came fairly quickly too so that was nice. I would definitely come back here for breakfast!One of my favorite spots in town! Nothing like brunch and mimosas outside on their patio, fantastic food and ambiance with the Belagio water show strip view to top it off.Great crepes!  We loved our breakfast here.  Short wait.  Very authentic French atmosphere.  Our hostess and waitress were very pleasant and smiled a lot.  Add in the location and the reasonable price ($10-12 per plate) ...  yes.  Go here.  You won't regret it! (at least as far as breakfast is concerned)This restaurant is very busy during peak season.  Went there for a late breakfast on a Monday morning in December.  Luckily we were seated by the sunroom glass wall without reservation  It was cold in the high 40s so it was very nice to be able to sit indoor yet still have great view of the strip.  They do have heat lamp for outdoor seating, but we prefer to stay indoor to stay warm. .  The restaurant was full in the sunroom section and outdoor.  Indoor interior section was mostly empty.  It filled up gradually as the morning went by.  Service was very prompt and friendly.  The waitress made good recommendation.  We had the veggie omelet, egg corn beef and hash brown, and pancakes.  For meals come with bread, you can substitute the bread with fresh fruit.  The food was very good.  The pancakes are like crepes, thin and sweet, not the American thick and fluffy pancakes.  It was like dessert.  It was bit pricy, two breakfast with one coffee was over $50.  Overall it was a nice restaurant with good food and a great view if you are seated in the sunroom or outdoor.This was a solid eat. We both ordered steak-frites dishes & we were both happy with our dishes. The fries are good, although I prefer the extra crispy variety. Appetizer bread + butter was excellent (the butter especially). Our service was top notch, 5 stars. The highlight of the meal was definitely the dessert though. We had the rich chocolate cake & it was to DIE for. Highly recommend saving room for dessert.This place is located right across from the bellagio fountains. Made a reservation here and was able to sit near the windows so we could watch the water show while we ate. I thought the food here was good! I got a pasta dish- forgot what it was called- but it had truffles in it. It was good! My brother got the skirt steak which was over cooked and my dad got the trout which was a little dry. Complained to our server about the food and they comped both the steak and trout! My kids got the kids meal which was reasonably priced at $5! I love when restaurants have good kids meals. Our server even gave us free fries because the kids' sides weren't what we wanted. Our server was very nice and accommodating! Service was great! Food was good, not great. But I would definitely be back because of the great service I received!Steak and Frittes! Steak and Frittes! Steak and Frittes! So delicious here! I came here with my family and we were able to sit outside where we had a great view of watching the bellagio water show while eating some steak and Frittes! Everyone ordered steak and Frittes and it awesome here. The free bread given before are meal was very delicious too, as my mother could not stop eating it. We made reservations here but for the outdoor seating it is a first come first serve basis! The prices of the food here is reasonable too!Best. Filet. Ever.  I'm usually a ribeye gal because the marbling adds more flavor. It sucks to order a filet and get something that more resembles a thick top sirloin but Mon Ami Gabi restores my faith in filet mignon.  You also can't beat the view if you're into people watching on the strip and a football field size fountain right in front of you.We had heard of Mon Ami Gabi, and finally had a chance to go there on our latest trip to Las Vegas.  Great food and great location across the street from the Bellagio fountains.  We were in a party of six and everyone loved their meal.   The escargot appetizer was excellent.  I had the fish special, Pacific cod, which was perfectly prepared.  My wife had the lamb, which was superb.Great breakfast on the strip.  No idea about anything else.  Wait staff is hit or miss, but a pretty cool place to people watch.  Standard strip prices.The restaurant is great and the complimentary bagette is so incredible, you've to pay visit especially if you want to be seated on strip Boulevard.The wait and process of how you are seated was a bit annoying but I think that it was 100% worth it. It was raining and a bit cold when we arrived so we were sat in the sunroom which was beautiful. We had breakfast here. I enjoyed the breakfast  croissant which was very buttery and flakey. My friend had the blueberry waffles which looked amazing and she enjoyed them. The service was good, wouldn't call it amazing but they are often very busy.Yummy food with a cool location on the strip. They have a good selection of gluten free options and will even bring you out gluten free bread so you don't have to sit in starving silence while everyone else at your table eats regular bread. The sangria is also great!So I'm on the plane to Vegas, and the d-bag in the row ahead of me is plastered and hitting on two girls. He keeps coyly suggesting they hang out when we arrive in Sin City. 

One of the girls coos, "Where would we go?" (bats lashes)

He tells her, "Whenever I meet a beautiful girl in this city, I like to take her to Mon Ami Gabi. The food is amazing, it's not that expensive, and it's very romantic..."

"Sounds nice," purrs the other. Both girls giggle. 

Once upon a time I would have rolled my eyes and rifled through the seat compartment for a vomit bag, but more mature these days, my vexation was overpowered by the prospect of a killer restaurant recommendation. Amazing food? Not expensive? Romantic? Sold! 

Three days after I landed, I managed to convince some pals to join me for a late lunch at this Mon Ami. We all ordered the steak frites, which arrived rare and in slices. It was very tasty, fries and all. I also ordered a cocktail that had gin in it, but the name escapes me. I loved it. 

We were seated in a hexagonal greenhouse gazebo type thing, white, with all windows. It was quite lovely, actually. I can see why it works for whatshisface. 

And to think- I never would have found this place if not for the seedy drunk guy on my flight.

Moral of the story: Eavesdrop more, to your advantage.This is by far my favorite restaurant on the strip. Breakfast or dinner, the food is INCREDIBLE, the staff is always friendly and the view is unbeatable. I'd give it more stars if I could!The lobster bisque is our favorite item on their menu and didn't disappoint this time. Hubby's Classique Steak was really enjoyed and my barramundi was very good. The chocolate mousse was really great and the wine selection was more than adequate. Our server was excellent and helped in our wine selection. Lovely Valentine's Day dinner!Definitely a place to check out if you're in Vegas!  

Mon Ami Gabi is in the Paris Hotel and right across from the Bellagio fountains.  I went here with two of my friends for dinner.  I ordered a steak with merlot butter (their specialty sauce) and it came with frites.  It was absolutely delicious!!  The steak is "hammered" so it is flattened and it was so juicy and tender.  The Merlot butter?  Just as amazing as the waiter described.  

Suggestions:  Make reservations before you go!

I definitely want to go back and check out their breakfast and lunch menu!Fantastic View and the steaks are incredible. I took my mom here for her birthday and you have to sit on the patio so you can people watch and see the Bellagio Water show directly across the street from you!! Their patio is open to the restaurant and bar which gives it a more inviting environment. Its semi fine dining but not as much as the Eiffel Tower restaurant, so don't be shy to wear jeans here.I'm drooling just thinking about the food to write in the review.

Mimosa: delicious OJ to champagne ratio

Breakfast: Corned beef cooked to perfection with light poached eggs on top. Divine. Hash browns mixed with caramelized onions on the side, hot and melts in your mouth leaving you craving for more. Toast came with jelly and whipper butter...mmmm!!!

Plus, we ate outside with a view of the Bellagio fountain. Perfect, relaxing, romantic, and unforgettable breakfast.The 7 of us went for our Thanksgiving dinner (without a reservation!) and was seated close to the window with a fabulous view of the Bellagio fountains. The lights were so dim that I had a hard time looking at the menu but guess that's part of the romantic atmosphere. 

Started off with the Escargots de Bourgogne and the Shrimp Gabi. Both were delicious. 

The steaks all came with a generous helping of Frites. Good amount of steak for the price. They were all prepared the way we had requested.  I had the New York Strip Steak prepared rare.  That was one big stripe!  It had to have been an inch thick.  The baguettes were warm, fresh and crunchy on the outside. Our waiter was quick and courteous. 

Overall it was a great experience. Prices were decent plus you get that great view.  Service was great.  Food was great.  Only complaint is the extremely dim lighting.Surprisingly charming, MAG succeeds as an oasis amidst the tinsel town glitter. For a Vegas theme eatery, the interior is surprisingly classy and romantic, but the best seats as many have said are outside on the terrace overlooking the Bellagio water works. 

A supplemental gluten-free menu, which includes complementary g.f. bread with butter and (wonderful!) roasted olives, was most appreciated. The "real" wheat bread comes in a paper bag, which seemed a little odd and out of sync with the otherwise chic vibe.

Starter of a frisee salad was a little disappointing, with the greens seemingly undressed and couched on a puddle of water. The rustic country pate was a delight though, very flavorable and on request served with triangles of g.f. toast. The main meals of frites, and steaks, were tasty, though my dining partner's was somewhat chewy though mine was tender.

Service was very professional and very French. So if you're not a native Parisian or can't fake the accent, don't look for employment here.HOLY MOLY! I cannot believe how great this place is! Everything from the food to the service to the decor is amazing. Plus, it's great to sit on the patio and get a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains. Now, in Vegas, food can be quite expensive but doesn't deliver on taste. Mon Ami Gabi however is more than reasonably priced and tastes fantastic. This is what I recommend:

1. Bordelaise Steak Frites
2. Merlot Steak Frites
3. Brussel Sprouts (these are to DIE for) 

I also ordered the escargot which were good, but not as amazing as the steak frites or brussel sprouts. I ended up spending about 40 dollars which is an absolute steal for an appetizer, steak entree, and glass of wine. Most restaurants in Vegas would charge you 40 dollars for just the steak. The portion sizes are great too! I was absolutely stuffed. Overall, I will DEFINITELY be back. 

Note: Make a reservation!!!! I cannot stress this enough. Also the bread is ahhhhmazing.I didn't realize that it is a French STEAKhouse (pretty much), so I was a little bummed because we had reservations at Craftsteak two days later. I got over it pretty quickly because it was delicious!  You can't have too much steak on vacation...I always say. 

This restaurant has a gluten free menu. Everything was simple and delicious. I would definitely go back because of the food and the gluten free menu and knowledgeable staff. 

The only issue was that there were too many people jammed into the space. It is in the Paris right on the street across from the Bellagio fountains so it is popular, but at some point restaurants need to just say NO. The place was brimming with people. We were there 10 minutes before our reservation and we still had to wait at the bar for about 1/2 an hour. We were seated in a kind of crappy spot...between the bar and the kitchen.  Then I realized that most of the seats were crappy unless you were outside. Next time we go here, I am going to ask specifically for an outdoor seat or a booth. We had made our reservations a month in advance.4.5*

There's no line on a weekday around lunchtime! Made a reservation but there was plenty of outdoor seating :) I felt so lucky. 

I have only eaten here once but am tempted to bump it up to a 5* should my next dining experience be as great. Quiche Lorraine was average but the chicken & brie sandwich was EXCELLENT! Yum. We also saw the Bellagio fountain show.

Can't wait to go back to try some of their waffles & crepes for breakfast as well as the steaks for dinner. A must try in Vegas.I have eaten here numerous times now and every time the experience has been amazing. The food is absolutely delicious and incredibly fresh and flavorful. The prices are so reasonable! the service is amazing. I just cant say enough good things. Its a must try! :)The food was great. Perfectly French. The patio seating is the best in the house so make sure you come early w/ an hour to spare for the wait. The food is very French. Even the baguette that was given was delicious.

I would recommend this place as a date place, especially at night if you want to watch the Bellagio fountains.Best service on the Strip--much less a a place on the Strip with a comfortable patio where you can arrive in your comfy tourist garb. Exceptional food and exceptional, friendly service. Chocolate hazelnut waffles have so much texture and flavor!The food and service is superb.  I recommend making reservations. Our server, Brian, was outstanding!We had an amazing experience at mon ami gabi.  We were there for dinner celebrating my husbands bday.  Upon arrival, we were seated right away.  Our waiter was very knowledgable about the menu items and was able to guide my husband through the steak choices.  My husband had the filet mignonette with the merlot sauce. I am not much of a steak eater but my husbands dinner was very well executed and tasted amazing.  I ordered the scallops and ratatouille...AWESOME!  I highly recommend this restaurant not only for the food but also for the great service and great price!Very good! Had the chicken, mushroom, and Brie crepe. Big windows allow for views of the strip if eating inside.The food was delicioussssss!!!! We had a late breakfast and the service was a little slow but the food made up for it!Biggest let down of the trip. I read Craig R's review earlier this year and decided the next time I visited Vegas I would eat here for breakfast and have the Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict. Thursday morning we all rose early so we could beat any crowds and have a delicious breakfast.

Seated on the patio, handed menus, gave our drink orders. Looked over the menu...where is the Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict? I asked the waitress...oh, that is a winter item. The menu changes with the seasons. She said the menu is always updated online, so check it out before visiting again to make sure they have what I want.

Oh well. I ordered the normal Eggs Benedict. BF ordered the Croissant Sandwich, and BFF ordered Three Eggs with Bacon and Toast. 

The food was great! My eggs benedict was one of the best ones I have ever had. I loved everything about it. BF's sandwich was awesome! It had eggs, tomato, turkey, avocado and mayo. Delish!

Our service was spectacular and I really liked the look of this restaurant. I will definitely eat here again, and now it looks like I have a reason to visit Las Vegas in the winter!I finally ate here today!  For many years, I would walk by and hope that I could get a table on the Terrace and watch the action on the Strip.   Today was my day!

At 3.00, I was walking by and saw a great table open on the Terrace.  Within minutes, I grabbed it and began my wonderful evening of drinking Whiskey, eating an excellent Steak Frites Plate (French style Steak and Fries) and savoring a Banana Foster's Crepe........while daydreaming and checking out the beautiful Bellagio Fountain Show (5 times) and enjoying the cool people watching on the Amazing Strip.

This was one of most entertaining afternoons on the Strip.  If you can, you must do this once....its worth the entire trip to Vegas!This is my go to when in Vegas. The salmon is so good and the staff is well aware of the items on the menu. Sit outside if you can because you're right on the strip and across from the Bellagio water show. It's honestly a great dinner spot and not too pricey either.The ambience is terrific, the food out of this world.  It gets very busy, so make a reservation, or get there early.We came here for breakfast around 8:30. There were already several parties dining, but it wasn't packed. The waitstaff were all very nice and were always quick to refill our waters while we waited for our breakfast. I got the breakfast trio and really enjoyed it! Wonderful food and a spectacular view if you sit on the balcony.Wonderful view of Bellagio water show.
Extremely dark in Restuarant.
Very very crowded and busy so reservations a must.
I would try another cut of meat as the
Chateaubriand was excellent !!
Wait service ok, nothing special.
I would recommend for a date not for a large family unless you can afford.Quel joli restaurant ! 

Mon Ami Gabi is absolute perfection. For those that are French cuisine enthusiast and those that have never had it, you'll definitely enjoy the experience! The restaurant sits in a perfect spot to enjoy yummy food, people watch and enjoy the beauty of the Las Vegas Strip. In the daytime I suggest sitting in between the outside terrace and the inside bc then you won't be sitting in the blazing sun. 

I had the mussels marinières and 10/10! The full order are perfect for sharing! You get a huge bowl of mussels paired with frites. The mussels are so big, and they definitely aren't baby sized. Cooked to pure tender perfection. The sauce they are cooked in is good enough to bathe in! It's so good that, if I weren't in public, I would slurp up from the bowl. Definitely ask for a second round (they give you a free baguette before you order as an app) of the baguette to sop up the sauce. Trust me!

My boyfriend has the prime rib sandwich, which was great, but definitely order the French food.

My least favorite thing was the dessert. It was some raspberry dessert with vanilla ice cream thing. Too much raspberry sauce that was more like smuckers jelly, and the cake that was more like the bottom of a pie was too thin. Needed a glass of water after it.

I would absolutely visit Mon Ami Gabi again, and maybe next time I'll be adventurous enough to try the escargots!There are a number of reason why I never seem to get to a breakfast/brunch location in Vegas...all of which will remain in Vegas as they say.  BUT since my last trip was a food trip those reasons only partially apply.  Hit up this place for brunch (whaaaat awake before noon?!?) and was not disappointed!  First, sit in the patio or sunroom if you're not too hung over because it's gorgeous with a great view of the strip.  If you are still in a state of recovery never fear! The 'make it yourself' Bloody Mary Bar is HERE!  But it'll be a Bellini and coffee for me.  Tried the Smoked Salmon Bene which was just perfect and delicious.  But the real winner was the Corn Beef Hash Poached Eggs, braised beautifully in chunks of tender savory morsels of beef.  The Blueberry French Toast and Mango Crepe both sweet and moist, the perfect early morning dessert.  Brunch is quickly becoming my favorite meal of the day!  The service here was on point, both friendly and attentive.The escargot and steak were superb, but I wish the menu was a bit more robust.For starters, this place should not be "$$", it's pricey. It should be at least "$$$", but that's a Yelp issue (I think?). The food is pretty good, I got a burger and french onion soup while I was there and my gf got something else (I don't remember what it was). The service was pretty good, and the few from the back of the water show is great.This was a lovely place to kill an hour before my flight. I snagged a coveted patio table and basked in the November sun. It was too early to see the fountains of Bellagio but if they were on, this is a nice way to view them.

Service was very attentive and the one item I tried -- an egg and smoked salmone tartine, was delightfully delicious and light. Open faced egg salad, smoked salmon deliciousness on crusty bread. Their baguette is superb, too and the prices are reasonable.

Cons: They close early in the evening weekdays.I came here with a party of 10 for a bridal shower and had such a wonderful experience. We sat close to the window and the lighting was great for our pictures. I ordered the prime steak sandwich and everything tasted on point. I'm just sad I didn't have enough room to finish it myself, but that meant there was more to share with my friends! The staff was really friendly and professional, thanks for making it memorable!We always come here when we come to Vegas what a treat! Bloody Mary's and fabulously delicious breakfastStill awesome ! Went there this weekend and had the baked goats cheese appetizer which is awesome and I had the shrimp cocktail ( clean and good) while my daughter loved the classic steak frite.This is the best place to grab a great meal and people watch- while also catching the bellagio  fountain showWhat a cool restaurant! Inside the paris hotel, with a patio facing the Bellagio fountains. Tried the escargot as a starter, with all the garlic butter sauce - who knows or cares what was cooked in it! It was good, similar texture to steamed clams. The steak frites classique was also so delicious. Large sized portion of steak cooked perfectly, and topped with some delicious herb butter. Quite tasty, but quite tough on the arteries! The fries were good, basically over cooked regular fries so they were crunchy like potato chips. Will be back!A very nice dining experience.  Mon Ami Gabi is a restaurant I have visited a handful of times over the years, and actually a place I would visit even if staying at a different hotel not adjacent to Paris.  It has a very 'authentic' bistro feel to it, and a nice menu overall.  The menu is steak-hevay, but there are a few other assorted items- this past visit I had a very nice sole special.  Appetizers are nice- in particular the baked goat cheese in tomato sauce, the escargot, and the onion soup.  I'll be back for sure.This is our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  From the fresh baguette you receive when you sit down to the decadent desserts, everything is done nicely.  The service is always friendly and efficient.  The prices are some of the best in Las Vegas for a good wine list and a nice meal with real napkins and tablecloths.   Be sure to make a reservation if you want to sit inside, as this place is always full.  Seating outside where you can watch the Bellagio fountains is first come first served.Steak frites was amazing. Hint: since it is a thin steak ask for it one level lower than your normal preference. Husband had special which was beef wellington, great flavor but was a little underdone for my taste. I like med well  We sat on the patio which was great for people watching but rather noisy. I would prefer inside seating next time. Wait service is top notch, never needed to ask for anything as they were they anticipating your every need.Great food, great location.  Get a table on the patio and enjoy the water show across the street at the Bellagio.  If you don't dink you can spend less than $100 here.  It's Vegas, on the strip, so you pay about what you'd expect.  We ordered two steaks and both were cooked to perfection.  The beef wellington was amazing.Based on so many other Yelp reviews of this lovely French place, I decided to have my dinner here on my final night in Vegas. Since my plans for the day concluded earlier than planned, I arrived at Mon Ami sooner as well and JUST managed to nab the one remaining patio table.

What else is there to say beyond what has already been waxed lyrical about Mon Ami? Not much really. The service there was excellent, the food was top notch (French onion soup, ribeye steak frites done medium, a glass of Gigondas, finishing with creme brulee), and the view was fantastic. Loved every minute of my meal there, and I would strongly recommend Mon Ami to anyone considering a beautiful dining experience on the Strip.I am a Vegas regular and I always make sure to include a stop at Mon Ami's every trip. My favorite is for their brunch - mmmmm so good! Their frangria (the french take on sangria, I guess) is my personal favorite for morning after aches. I've had the quiche lorraine, their grilled cheese and short rib sandwich, waffles, gabi salad and all have been absolutely delicious. Oh, and don't get me started on the fresh baguette they bring to your table. Man, that stuff is good! 

The service is always wonderfully attentive and they sit you promptly for a Saturday/Sunday brunch. I've also been here for dinner and the steaks are amazing, especially with the sauces they offer. Ooohh and don't forget, whatever you order, make sure to try their pomme frites - some of the best I've ever had!Oh la la love this place! As a local, I go down to the strip only for specific places and this is one of them! Located at the Paris Hotel on the strip, the cafe resides partially inside the hotel and has an open patio that shares the views of the Bellagio fountains to enjoy.

The brunch menu is the best, since I am particular to breakfast foods all day long! But today, my boyfriend and I went here tonight for our Valentine's Dinner since we worked on Tuesday the 14th. He always orders steak everywhere so he gives it a 8.5 on the scale of 1-10. But I had the Fish of the Day with Swordfish with some citrusy dressing, corn and some greens which was tasty and cooked to perfection! 

We had a reservation and was promptly seated. Also, the staff was excellent and made sure to remedy the forgotten dessert. The server and helper were considerate and valued us as a customer!

So if you are looking for a French American fusion of delicious food with perhaps a Mimosa too and excellent ambience, this is the place for you!My bf and I decided to eat dinner here this pass weekend. The appetizers were amazing.We ordered the baked scallops and a Cesar salad. 
 We also ordered two fliet mignon they were delicious. We would definitely come here again. The price of the food was totally worth it. :) This restaurant is a gem in Las Vegas.very good food and very good service. we had made reserv for 10:30pm, ended up getting there at 9:45pm and right away we got our table, our table was right by the patio. Very romantic, we even saw the fountain showI had this place bookmarked for good ambiance. We walked from the Flamingo our last morning in Vegas for a nice breakfast. We got seats right on the edge of the patio, so we could see the sidewalk and, across the street, the Bellagio. The fountains weren't running in the morning but it was still a nice view. And the people watching was excellent, as it is in Vegas! We had good service by our waiter, who brought things out quickly and was always nearby. I ordered steel cut oats, a bagel with cream cheese, and OJ. My friend got a breakfast crepe. She wasn't that impressed by it as she didn't like the sauce, but it wasn't bad. She said the coffee was amazing. My OJ was good, though small for the price. My oatmeal was great and so was the bagel. The oatmeal came with raisins, brown sugar, and half and half on the side, so I could make it up as I pleased. 

Price was comparable to other breakfast places we tried in Vegas, and quality was good. The view made it all worth the while. I only wish I could've had lunch here and seen the fountains!Thrilled with this place. For the price/quality/service it merits at least 4 stars. The fifth star is a bonus for their baguettes. They are unreal. Our table devoured 4 of them and we never heard any complaints. I recommend the mussels and then dipping their unreal bread into the garlicky buttery amazingness the mussels are served with. Steak frites was also quite good as well as the fish and chips. Didn't have to wait long to sit outside (great view of the strip) and everyone left completely satisfied. Looking forward to coming here again!Ordered at the table of 6:
Warm Brie cheese plate (BEST EVER), Escargot on the way

Shrimp cocktail
Carmelized scallops
(Kristie and I share both)

Merlot steak (Beth&Nic)
Lobster rolls (TRAV Ben)

Salads
Fruit salads to share 

Chocolate mousse and bananas foster doe dessert. Yummo!

Omg. Great choice.Excellent breakfast spot, and great people watching on the strip from the patio. The patio is constantly packed, so expect a wait. Eggs Benedict are as good as I've ever had. Muffins are made in house, and grilled, so they have a nice crunch. Hollandaise is perfect, not too thick, and not runny. So good, I came back for a second day in a row!Based on my sister's recommendation and reviews in general this was on my list of must try places.  We have 2 Mon Ami's in our area that my sister says pales in comparison to this one.  My husband and I arrived around 10:15 for a late breakfast and decided we wanted patio seating.  It was a 15-20 minute wait, no big deal.  Immediate seating if you wanted to sit in the main dining room (while quaint was quite dark).  

I had the Market Berry Waffle and it was delicious.  Seriously the best waffle I've ever had.  Crispy outside and fluffy on the inside just like the menu states.  I'm convinced they deep fry it to get that kind of crisp.  My husband had the eggs benedict which were equally delicious.  They make their own English Muffins and you can definitely tell the difference.  Our service was wonderful.

Highly recommend sitting in the patio area.  It was completely shaded when we went so very comfortable temperature wise.  The people watching while eating is great!Came here during a trip to Vegas for my niece's 21st birthday. They were very flexible and (patient) with us scheduling a reservation for 16+ women the same day. Our server was great and splitting the checks between several parties was a breeze. I thoroughly enjoyed my classic steak/frites with the dijon. The freshly baked french bread (served in bags and ripped with your hands) was amazing. We also enjoyed a wonderful pate. Would definitely be back- ideally, in a more intimate setting where I can thoroughly enjoy everything Mon Ami Gabi has to offer.Not really French food, (at least for breakfast), but it was probably the tastiest place we ate in Vegas. Attentive service, great atmosphere. delicious food. We will definitely be back.
 It was Bastille day, so I wanted to eat something French!.  We had the smoked salmon eggs Benedict, yum. They could have put a little more smoked salmon on it. In Europe, they are very  generous with the smoked salmon. It would be nice if they offered a typical French breakfast combo of crisp- on- the outside croissant, fresh crisp baguette, jam, butter and a latte. Then I would really feel like I was back in France!Seafood Crepe was awesome.  Came here for lunch around 3:30 pm.  Great to sit out on the patio and do some people watching.  Food is really good.  Staff is super friendly and helpful.  Favorite restaurant in Vegas!Cassoulet was amazing! The Steak Classique was very tender and juicy cooked medium rare. Escargots was delicious. The waiter brought us a baguette with burr and an apple and beat slaw that was out of this world. If you suit on the patio you can watch the Bellagio fountain show that happens every 15 minutes.One of my favs in Vegas, I go here every time I am in town.  I love the coffee and always bring some home.  Everything on the menu is fabulous love the ambiance and the service is always superb.We ate there a few times during our visit of this week.  Dinner & breakfasts.

All four of us found our dishes were done well... nicely seasoned and balanced.Day 2 of steak.. Now this place has excellent steak!!! Medium rare filet mignon.. Melts in ur mouth. I give it a 5 stars.. Great service and excellent food. Thank u!!!My first trip here was so good that I had to visit a 2nd time just to make sure the first visit wasn't just a fluke. 

I ordered the Steak Frites and was not disappointed in the serving size or the taste. The thinly cut steak cooked medium rare with house made fries. The steak melts In Your mouth. Pair it with a glass of wine, that's it!! 

The price is reasonable for what you're getting. I'll be back!Came here for Saturday night dinner with a Bachelorette party of 11 girls before we hit the Vegas clubs. I had such an amazing experience that I've recommended this restaurant as a must to all of my friends! I ordered the steak and frites... a little pricey but what isn't in Vegas?? OMG! The steak!!!! So PERFECT in every way!  So juicy, soft, flavorful, and cooked perfectly!!! I'm a huge A1 sauce fan (as in I can't eat steak without it) but this steak was so amazing that I wouldn't even think of adding anything to it. So tender it practically melts in your mouth. All of the other girls were also extremely happy with their dishes... FOODIES PARADISE!

Not only was the food 5 stars, the service was equally amazing. We almost cancelled our reservations since we were running 45 minutes late and had to be somewhere by 8pm. Even though we didn't get to the restaurant until after 7pm, our waitress kindly accommodated our tight schedule and got us taken care of and out by 750pm. 

If you are planning any bachelorette party or events, this place is a must! Your bridal party will thank you!!!!I don't know what they put in the coffee here, but it was the one of the best I've ever had.  Or maybe I was hungover.  I was in Vegas for a 4 day buddy's bachelor party extravaganza.  I did eat here for 3 straight days for breakfast (at 2pm).  I tried everything from the Eggs & Beef Bourguignon to Salmon Eggs Benedict.  The food was awesome.  My only complaint was that the pitchers of orange juice was ridiculously expensive.  The 4 pitchers of the orange juice was about 33% of the bill for 6-8 people.  Otherwise, the food price wasn't too outrageous.  The orange juice was phenomenal but not worth the price though.  We always sat on the outdoor patio with a great view of the Bellagio fountain.  The service was somewhat slow, but I'll give them slack because this place was always busy.  At least the servers were always super nice.Best steak in Vegas. Best mashed potatoes in Vegas. Best French restaurant in Vegas.

MAKE MAKE MAKE RESERVATIONS!

Decided to leave this place as our last meal in Vegas and I wouldn't want to have it any other way. Our server made our experience 10x times better. He was extremely attentive and friendly. He knew when to stop by and when not to. He knew what to recommend and to describe how everything was prepared. I will never forget asking him what the special of the night was and how well he described it that I had to ordered it. Beef Wellington. Unfortunately, they had run out of it. So he recommended I got the filet mignon, as this is what the restaurant is well known for. I do not regret listening to him. The steak was cooked perfectly. Medium never tasted so good. My brother had the filet mignon as well but his was with mashed potatoes and mine with fries. I ended up leaving him without mashed potatoes because they were too good for me not to eat them off his plate. They were creamy, fluffy and soft at the same time. 

No wonder this place is always packed. 

They will definitely be seeing me again.First time going from a friends suggestion - Best suggestion ever! when in Vegas try Mon Ami Gabi. The weekend started off phenomenal by getting comp to a suite at Paris. This food was mouth watering deliciousness', the wine selection was exquisite. Try it you wont regret it.We were drawn to this restautant twice during our stay in Vegas.  What's not to like... you can sit outside and watch the Bellagio fountains along with all the other characters that are walking by, and enjoy your meal at the same time.  We order the Seafood Platter for two both times.  It was unbelievable!!  The service was also great.  Even the bus boy took care of us.This was such a wonderful restaurant. It's really hard to find gluten free food, as I'm celiac, but I was certainly able to here! I had the goat cheese salad which was outstanding. My friend is a vegetarian and with no problem the manager accommodated both of us easily. Also, definitely order their bowl of coffee...never seen a coffee that large before! :) 
We sat outside overlooking the strip, while misters sprayed over the railings to keep us cool from the hot sun.Dining on the patio in the evening, with an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains, is a must-have experience when you're visiting Vegas. 

Service is great. We tried the classique steak frites (medium was like a well...it's very thin so don't get well unless you're craving for beef jerky), skate wing, banana foster crepe, and a large carafe of a very delicious St. Germaine Spritz.  Yummy and portioned just right, especially if you visited a buffet and overstuffed, as we were.Not only was the food and service at this restaurant great, but you have a perfect view of the Belagio fountains from the dining room.  There are heat lamps on the patio and we were able to sit outside even though it was a cold winter day.  This meant that we got to enjoy the fountains throughout our lunch!
We were served a traditional baguette and butter when we arrived.  The vegetable salad was surprisingly hardy and had a really good flavor.  My fiancee ordered a sandwhich which came with fries.  The fries were cut really small and were pretty crisp, which is normally not my favorite way to serve them, but I thought they were surprisingly good!  
I would definitely come here againMy dear, dear sweet friend Gabi you never disappoint!  We typically visit Mon Ami at least once during any given trip Las Vegas but this time we were drawn in FOUR times in three days.  Yup...twice in one day.  Do your hear me?  Out of maybe seven meals, four were consumed in this great establishment.  

It's located in Paris and we were staying there so the convenience factor played in a little bit but we truly love it.  The mussels are phenomenal.  Escargot is OUT OF THIS WORLD...get extra bread to sop up all that parsley garlic butter.  The breakfast cheeseburger did not disappoint.  Salmon platter was just right.  Chicken pate also a winner.  Oysters du jour were oysters...not the biggest fan but fine.  Steak au poivre was, again, just right.  

Servers are extremely professional and courteous.  They are well versed about wine selections.  

Please, do yourself a favor...visit Mon Ami next time you're in "Paris"!Dang. This place was tres delicious. We got the cool and refreshing vichyssoise soup, the warm chicken and brie sandwich and the open-faced BLT plus the hand-cut potato chips and artichoke dipping sauce. So good. Sit on the patio for perfect views of the Bellagio fountains and a high quality, leisurely meal. Upscale, but not pretentious. Prices were comparable to a $$ restaurant in LA, but the quality and freshness of the meal was superb. We wanted to come back, but decided that in our short stay, we should try a few other restaurants - few could compare with Mon Ami Gabi, however. Definitely making a stop next time we're in town.After getting to bed so late, we ended up waking up fairly late and were looking for somewhere nearby that served some brunch options. We ended up walking past Paris Casino and decided to try Mon Ami Gabi. 

The restaurant is set up like a French Cafe (go figure) and has a large outdoor patio that sits under the Eiffel Tower right on the Vegas Strip. We went in sometime around 1130 and were able to get a table without having to wait. Our server was very friendly and helped us make our selections. I ordered the Prime Steak Sandwich (French Dip) and my Fiance had the Quiche. Our food was served quickly and to order. The portions were large and more than either of us could finish. Everything was flavorful and tasted freshly made. My steak was tender and flavorful and went well with the Au Jus.

The restaurant was very clean and I like the theme. Our food and service were great and the prices were reasonable (for Las Vegas standards).My husband and I have dined at Mon Ami Gabi several times over the past few years. I originally discovered it on a list of the top ten restaurants on The Strip, and we don't go a visit without eating at least one meal there (some trips we've eaten at Mon Ami Gabi twice). Their service is top notch and the food is really incredible. Everything we've ordered has been delicious, from breakfast and brunch items to dinner. It's definitely a good idea to make a reservation so you don't have to wait, although their patio seating is first come, first serve. During our most recent visit, my husband and I shared the frisée, kale, and warm bacon salad with a soft-poached egg, he ordered the cinnamon pancake, which was a large crepe with a side of blueberries (brunch was over but they accommodated him anyhow), and I had the seafood crepe. Their crepe batters are perfect, never chewy, and so delicately thin. I can't say enough good things about this restaurant!Mon Ami gabi has been on my bucket list for a really long time, being one of the most yelp reviewed restaurant in Vegas. I finally had the opportunity to visit this place a short while ago, and suffice to say, I believe that this place serves good food at decent prices, keeping in mind that it is the strip. 

I think the reason why this restaurant gets reviewed so much is because of the view. It's the perfect spot to watch the Bellagio water fountain show. And I think that compared to a lot of restaurants on the strip, the prices aren't too unreasonable. They also seem to have a pretty organized and consistent system in place.

First, I needed a little drink to quench my thirst. They have a pretty extensive cocktail, beer, and wine list. Since I was in a French bistro, I wanted a French beer. I ordered something called Castellane, it was pretty good. It looked like there was fresh orange in the beer.

Onto my entrée. I've been dying to try the steak frites here at Mon Ami Gabi. I've heard so many reviews about it, so I had to try it. I ordered the one with the bordelaise sauce. I thought the meat was good, and I really like the sauce, it had a nice kick from the black pepper. I liked the frites. They weren't ordinary frites, they were like super thin french fries, and they tasted pretty fresh. I thought it was good.

Even though this is a very busy restaurant, the service was pretty good. If my server was busy with other tables, I could ask another server or busser for anything, and they would help. Plus, if you're sitting outdoors, the view is very hard to beat.

Overall, it's a pretty decent place. I would take some out-of-towners here. It's also a nice place to watch the Bellagio fountains if you're sitting outside. I would also recommend getting a reservation, because this place is really busy.Great atmosphere! It does feel authentically French. The food is fantastic as well, as is the service. One of my must-do restaurants in Vegas. It can get busy though and you HAVE to reserve for a weekend table.

They also have a dedicated gluten-free menu, which is the icing on the cake for me. And so you don't feel left out when dining with your wheat-eating friends, they even bring you your own gluten-free bread and amuse-bouche!

More on gluten free in Las Vegas:

https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/We had dinner here last night, and we enjoyed it all! It's a nice restaurant indeed! We got here when the sun had just gone down and sat on the patio. It's such nice weather, so we had to take advanctage! The lights from the hotel across the street were beautiful. Come for a nice glass of wine at least! You'll enjoy!

Our server was very professional and nice. I wish I could remember her name.I LOVE this place.  It's located across the street from Belagio Hotel.  We were walking around deciding where to go for dinner.  We happen to be walking by and the outside seating caught my friend's eye.  He says, why don't we eat here?  Hmmmm, ok.  We checked out the menu, saw something we liked and headed for the hostess desk.  Luckily we were seated in 5 mins cause I was hungry!  hahaha

This place is a french restaurant and kinda fancy and romantic - perfect for a hot date!!!  hehehe  Our server was really nice.  We got complimentary bread which I LOVED.  It was like a french bread - I LOVE bread!  I ordered a yummy salad that I REALLY enjoyed - I'd get it again.  My friend had the peppered steak and a beer.  His steak was sooooo delicious.  Then for dessert, my friend ordered the custard flan.  Now I'm not a big dessert fan but his flan was REALLY good.  Then to top everything off the bill was only about $60.  Crazy huh?  Yeah, we'll def be back!  Excellent food, affordable price - what more can you ask for???  I'm dreaming of the salad and 2 ounces of the steak right now.  hahahahaWe reserved on Open Table, so we only waited about 5 minutes.  I overheard other people saying that the wait without a reservation was about an hour and a half.  So definitely call ahead.  We sat inside and enjoyed the table and the ambiance.

My boyfriend is a vegetarian, and has a big appetite.  He ordered the vegetable platter, which was great, but not super big.  He also ordered the macaroni and cheese (au gratin) to supplement and it was really fantastic.  It comes out all baked and yummy with lots of cheese on top.  I ordered the French Onion soup, and it was probably the best I have ever had in my life.  So much cheese, and the broth was really rich.  Bonus: it comes out in a huge dish that looks like a hot tub, so it was very, very filling.

Overall, we really enjoyed.  The bill for two, without alcohol, was 51 dollars.  The only downside was that the only real vegetarian option was the vegetable platter, and that it was pretty small.  But what what can I expect from a French steakhouse?We came here a few months back, but this wasn't the first time here. This place is great! I've never had a bad meal here or even a semi good one. It's all been good. Last time we came I had the quiche which is always yummy. The husband had the steak and eggs and WOW! Had a bite of the steak and it was delicious. The reviews are legit. This place is great and is our go to restaurant when we go to Vegas.Great breakfast . Went back the next day. Prices were fare and the service and food was very good.I would've given this 5 stars if my steak didn't have to be sent back 4 times... I asked for medium to medium well, my first steak was pretty much jerky, and the next 2 were RAW. Completely raw. They made up for it with their amazing service, yummy food, friendly staff, beautiful view, and free dessert for the hassle with my steak. I can't wait to go back!Nice Salmon Salad,  pretty pricey but it was worth it because of the awesome patio dining.Find this place because there is over 4000 reviews in yelp, the food is good not too fancy especially for the breakfast . If you would like sit outside you have to wait , its first come first service policy, reservation only for inside, but sitting outside is much nicer!The service and food was wonderful.  I had the corn beef and hash and a cup of coffee for brunch.  The corn beef wasn't the typical canned beef and it was top of the line meat! Nicely flavored beef indeed :) And the coffee surprisingly want the usually weak diner coffee.  Over all very pleased!came here for lunch on a sunday morning, and my table of 7 was sat almost immediately on the heated patio. there's a dark inner area, inside patio area (glass walls/roof) and then an outside patio area with a generous amount of heat lamps and seats where you can people watch everyone on the strip while enjoying your meal.
i got the croissant sandwich with turkey and avocado and the rest of my family got the salad, eggs benedict, and spinach omelette. prices were relatively cheap considering this was a restaurant on the strip in a steakhouse, and all food tasted not bad. the portions were probably the perfect amount for lunch: not too much but not too little. given the great service and the ambiance of our meal, i bumped a 3 star meal up to 4 stars. this is a great place to have breakfast or lunch on the patio on a clear Paradise morning :)Really great choice. Been here on two occasions for work and personal trips and I plan to come back.

The fillet mignon and it was fantastic. Sauce was good and it was cooked perfectly. The charcuterie board was excellent and did not disappointMy husband and I went for lunch on a Sunday.  Had a beautiful table and the food was delicious!  We shared a carafe of their sangria;  I had the quiche Lorraine and my husband had the steak classique.  Would definitely go back!If you want a high quality meal on the strip that doesn't feel like they're robbing you blind, this is the place to go.  You really can't beat Mon Ami Gabi's steak frites.  And they have a nice brunch in the mornings too.  In terms of atmosphere, of all the places you could go for a meal on the strip, this is probably one of the less pretentious that doesn't feel completely manufactured.  I'm a fan.Get a seat on the patio. The food is good but made better by the view of the Bellagio fountains. Worth a visit!Overall, really good. Now, since I'm French, I can say that the meat and sauces were on point but I think that the salads were really blah.I made reservations at Mon Ami Gabi for Christmas night at 7PM but my family was hungry earlier, so we attempted to see if they could seat us early. As predicted, they were not be able to seat us until 7PM, so we went to find some nourishment to tide us over (earlier plans resulted in a non-existent lunch) in a nearby bakery inside the casino area. At 6:50PM or so, we came back to line up to see the hostess (took about 5-10 min) who told us that they were running about 10 minutes late. In the end, we were seated at around 7:20PM.

Despite the wait at the start, service during the meal was excellent. Our waitress was always there at the right moments to answer questions, take our orders, or check on us. Both my dad and I had excellent wines and the complimentary baguette was crispy and delicious. I also enjoyed the complimentary carrot side. 

We ordered:
Escargots: This came so quickly after ordering! Escargots (although not cooked in the shell) were delicious- lots of butter and herbs. We saved the majority of our baguette so we could tear pieces off and dip into the butter and herbs. Yum!

Beef Bourguignon: Sister's pick. My dad says that a good beef bourguignon typically taste strongly of red wine but sister said it didn't. Given that she doesn't like red wine to begin with, it was a perfect fit! But if you like your beef bourguignon to taste strongly of wine, perhaps another dish would be better. The beef was super tender and the pasta was excellently cooked. 

Beef Wellington (Sunday special): Our waitress described their special and my mind caught on "perfect crust" and I couldn't pick anything else. I so do not regret my choice, even though I was presented with a HUGE amount of meet. I don't know how they cut it so well in the middle because even with the sharp steak knife, I had trouble cutting the meat so that it stayed within the pastry crust. So good. 

Steak Roquefort: My dad's pick. I only had one small bite of it but wow, it was delicious. He's complained in the past that when he asks for medium rare, he usually receives a more well-done steak. Not in this case- he was happy eating his perfect medium rare steak. 

Gala Apple Tarte Tatin: Unfortunately our least favorite part of the meal- some parts of it was large and hard caramel pieces that just became too sticky and too sugary in our mouths. 

Overall, great Christmas night meal. 4/5.Hands down, the biggest asset of this French inspired bistro is the patio seating.  Just turn all the seats outwards and voila, you are transported to the various cafes in Paris, with their tiny rickety chairs where you park your ass, nurse a Perrier while waiting for your soup du jour and while away time as you stare at the plethora of humans passing by.  The Bellagio fountain is right across, an added distraction and delight to your steak frites.  

The place does transport you to your memories of Paris.  We came for brunch, ordered the steak frites which did not disappoint, and the Benedicts, are predictably well executed.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  Table napkins crisp and smooth.  

I'm giving the 5th star for the resonance it evokes emptionally.My lobster salad sandwich was awesome....  Would definitely dine here again...One of my favorite go to spots for breakfast in Las Vegas. 

In addition to the beautiful ambiance the outdoor seating provides the best people watching and view of Caesars and Bellagio. 

You must try the banana foster crepe. The portion is large enough to share,  delicious dessert!Steak Frites was incredible as usual. Scallops were just perfectly cooked and deliciously sauced. Desserts...were off the hook! Creme brulee, berries, ice creams and chocolate cake...YUM!Great spot with beautiful patio seating along with a romantic feel on the inside. Great atmosphere, prompt service, delicious fresh squeezed juices, breakfast was delicious, I had a kale salad with a poached egg and my friend had a bacon, egg, and cheese crepe.  If you're in Vegas this place is a must try. Just a heads up though this lovely place is packed for breakfast, lunch and dinner so you might want to make reservations!Really excellent for celiac sufferers.  I've eaten dinner here twice and breakfast once and each time has been fantastic. Often I feel weird or left out at restaurants due to my gluten allery, but here I felt completely special and accommodated without getting any judgmental vibes from the staff. I will definitely be coming back!I made reservations here out of convenience since I was staying at the Paris Hotel, and it definitely did not disappoint. 

Wait - 
About 5 minutes on a Saturday night with reservations. There's a separate line that you wait in if you have reservations, but it moves very quickly. I made the reservations only 2 hours before.

Service - (4/5)
Pretty good. Nothing particularly memorable. 

Food - (5/5)
Excellent! Their freshly made baguette was excellent, and a great starter (not to mention free)! I had their Filet Mignon Au Poivre Steak Frite, which was cooked to perfection at medium rare. At $31.95, it was definitely a good quality steak that was tender all throughout the meat. We also had the Caramelized Sea Scallops and the special Salmon Salad. My only qualm about the scallops is that it was small in portion, and definitely not filling as an entree in itself.

Price - $$$ (Including wine)
Fairly affordable considering the meal was less than $150 for 4 including three entrees and two glasses of wine.This restaurant was highly recommended by two of my friends.  Outside patio seating is nice if you like to people watch.   But did have a small of sulfur in the morning occasionally.  Not sure where it came from, but didn't ruin our breaksfast.  I ordered the corn beef hash, which was delicious.  The poached eggs on top were a little over cooked, but it was still good.  I don't like hash browns, but these were very good.  Good service.  I would highly recommend.Food and service are 4 star, but location is a 5 plus.  Huge WOW factor is the Bellagio fountains you will be treated to during your meal should you choose wisely and eat outside.  I had two meals here this week and enjoyed every minute!  The bread is fabulous!  Salads were definitely under seasoned as were the skate dish we had.  French fries actually too thin.  But again, go to this restaurant and enjoy!!!The group I was with wasn't really in the mood for a buffet, and chose Mon Ami Gabi instead. Though our pockets/wallets suffered a bit, our hearts and stomachs surely didn't.

First of all, I had the Frangria at the bar - a French twist on the Spanish classic and it was quite delish. We were then served piping hot bread with butter, and I ordered the Steak frites a la bernaise (yum!!!). I had the meat medium rare (which was delivered perfectly). Fries were not your normal American steak fries, but thin slivers of potatoes (a la francaise).

The only thing that bothered me was the fact that our waitress pronounced "gratin" in a very thick, American accent. I don't mean to be too posh about this, but if you work in a French restaurant in Paris (granted you are still in Vegas - but still!) you should be able to pronounce some things in a slight French accent.

Nonetheless, my compliments go out to the chef!Food: Delicious! Definitely get one of the steak frites. My boyfriend got the fish & chips, and they weren't as amazing as what the rest of the family got. I personally loved my steak au poivre, my boyfriend's brother loved his steak bordelaise, and my boyfriend's dad got the ribeye. The portions and quality of food are worth the price. Definitely try one of the desserts - the warm chocolate cake was fabulous.

Service: The service was good, but if you need to be on time for a show (like the O at the Bellagio across the street), make sure to tell your server ASAP! I told the hostess as she walked us to the door, but I really should have also spoken with the server immediately. She took her time at first before we spoke to her about our tickets, but after that was absolutely perfect, getting the food out to us quickly, etc. Our water glasses were always full, and we got everything we wanted.

Location/Seating: We got a perfect table right at the edge of the patio. Unless it's super cold, definitely sit on the patio. There are heat lamps, you can people-watch, and you have front-row seating for the Bellagio fountain show.

GETTING A TABLE:
Okay, here's the info I really need you to know: Just try everything. Try to get a reservation (indoors only), then show up 45-60 minutes before you actually want to eat and ask for an outdoor patio seat. You can also ask for an indoors table, but the ambiance wouldn't be anything out of the ordinary for a fancy restaurant.

The reason why this place is 4 stars instead of 5 is because of their ridiculous approach to tables. I wanted to eat at 5:30 to get to our 7:30 show at the Bellagio. No reservations except for 4:30 and 9:30 - I went with neither. So my boyfriend and I showed up an hour early and went to separate lines (???) for an indoor table vs. an outdoor table. He could get an outdoor table that could be ready around 5:30 (perfect) and I couldn't get anything until 9. I just got mad when we were escorted to our patio table and we passed by several empty tables that could have accommodated our party. That was frustrating and I could see how that wouldn't be great if the weather was terrible (unlikely) or if someone really needed to sit inside. I dunno, that just didn't make any sense.we wanted have breakfast before we left vegas so we came here. to be honest I wasn't really expecting much and this place exceeded my expectations. I had the smoked salmon eggs benedict with hash browns and nutella waffle w/cream. everything was excellentOur server Joe handled our large and inexperienced diners with patience and a smile.  The only negative of the night was the surly and lazy hostess.  She was of no help to me when I checked in for my reservation.  My party had already been seated and she told me to go find them on my own.  Talk about horrible service.  However, for as large and as crowded this place is, they do a fantastic job of preparing well made food. 

I would advise on brushing up on your French wine knowledge if you plan on ordering wine here because the best finds are on the french wine list and that makes up 90% of the list. Go figure.Restaurant has a good cuisine! It's really an island of France in Vegas. Steak and scallops were greate, waiters are polite! Recommend! Paid 166$ for steak, scallops, shrimp cocktail and  a bottle of Chardonnay.I think it's one of the few decent restaurants that offer natural lighting on the Strip. None of that indoor, dimly lit, and/or fake sky, non-reality business. Lovely ambiance for enjoying breakfast or brunch on a gorgeous Vegas morning.  The enclosed (indoor) patio is perfect for staying cool, while getting a decent view of the street and the Bellagio fountain/water show. 

I had the chicken, brie, apple crepe, and my bf had the corn beef hash that our friendly server recommended. I liked both dishes, but both tasted better when they were still warm/hot. The poached egg in my bf's dish was a bit over-cooked and the watercress was very bitter tasting, but perhaps not meant to be eaten by itself. 

I would recommend this restaurant.Go see Robert, best bartender in Vegas. The food is great as well.First time to eat French style steak. I ordered the brandy peppercorn. Not your American thick style stake. This steak is thin and served with a sauce. I had mine on the side. The restaurant is fancy and dark inside. The service was great. The steak was good and I ordered the cream of carrot bisque on the side. All very good.Excellent food and very attentive staff. I loved the variety of steaks they offered for not such a bad price. This will be our return spot to dine every time we visit Las Vegas.I did indoor seating (my girlfriend had major sunburn from the pool). It was delicious. Wonderfully fresh oyster appetizer, so so amuse bouche. It was a wonderful opportunity to try skate for the first time and I must say I am a huge fan! Tried the Roquefort steak with delicious crispy frites. My potato chips were underwhelming with some soggy/burned but still overall delicious as was the artichoke heart puree. The Dover sole was boring but the Grape Passion/love fest/ whatever the name was cocktail more than made up for it!I've wanted to eat here for the longest time! Finally had a chance to come here for breakfast last week when we were in Vegas. There was absolutely no wait at 10:30am on Christmas Eve (yay!) and we were seated outside on the patio. The weather was actually very nice and the heating lamps kept us warm :) For food, we ordered the eggs Florentine and the caramelized apple pancake.

Eggs Florentine: Eggs Benedict with spinach and artichoke. This was very good although nothing too extraordinary.

Caramelized apple pancake: I had no idea that by "big skinny pancake" they meant a delicious big crepe-like pancake! I've never tried anything like this and it was REALLY good. Nice and fluffy with several crepe layers and lots of whipped cream on the side! Highly recommend trying this.

Overall, good food (at least for breakfast) for a decent price! And the best part about sitting on the patio is the beautiful view and the people watching that you can do. Service was also fast and friendly.Love the outdoor atmosphere. Price was right, service exceptional and the food tasted fantasticMy wife and I totally enjoyed our dinner at Bon Ami Gabi. We had a 7pm reservation and were seated within minutes of arrival. The restaurant was packed but we were receiving attention from our waiter almost immediately. I got brave and ordered the steak tartare which I had never eaten before and was amazed. My wife had a chicken dish served with asparagus that she was very pleased with. There wine by the glass menu while short has some excellent selections. As I said earlier, the place was slammed but we never felt rushed as we took our time enjoying our dinner.
Highly recommend on your next trip to Las Vegas.We went here for a late Sunday Breakfast and everyone had an amazing meal. The coffee was perfect, the service was pleasant and quick enough. The has browns were tasty and crispy.  I had the spinach omelet with goat cheese... YummyGood thing we made a reservation.  Our group got checked in sooo smoothly. It was great breakfast'.  All food we order was great, a server was nice, but it was too long to wait  for food  for 20 min with kids.The food is good overall. No complaints about the service. Prices like most places in Las Vegas on the strip are a little high. It is worth going at least once. The view on the patio is awesome.My fav restaurant we tried this past Vegas trip. Made reservations thru opentable unfortunately since patio seating is on a first come first serve basis we did not get to enjoy the Bellagio fountains while dining. 

As soon as we were seated we were given a loaf of french bread in a bag which we all thought was delicious so good that we asked for another. It was a ladies weekend out so we decided to share a few things so as not to get too full. Our order between the 4 of us: half order of mussels, asparagus soup, 2 Beef Bourguignons. I've been dying to try Beef Bourguignon only because I saw it in the movie Julia & Julia and it looked so good, if you're a fan of a hearty and flavourful beef stew I suggest you try this. 

It's a good thing I only ordered half of the mussels because I wouldn't have been able to finish a full order. I even shared with the other girls and we still couldn't polish it off, but it was definitely tasty. So tasty that I even took some of the bread and used it to sop up some of the broth, YUM! Both the Beef Bourguignon & asparagus soup were also good (which was the special of the day) I like this place so much that I want to take bf here when we come together. 

Unfortunately for girls ready to go to a club and dressed in heels the floor was pretty slippery. There were a few times that my heart skipped a beat because I slipped a bit. At first I thought I was the only one that noticed it. But when we were seated and I mentioned it to the girls they also had the same problem. I even had those grips on my shoes and I still slid, so be careful.Nice atmosphere with an open & airy feel...Great for those times when you'd love to eat out on the patio, but it's too hot/ too cold / too whatever.  Good food, good service. Great view of the Bellagio fountains and the Strip. 

I've heard they have a great Sunday brunch, but we didn't get the chance to try it.How do people view French food?  "Bread and wine", "Snails", and "I don't know, all I know are French Fries" are the popular answers in America, but after you try this place out there is no other answer but delicious.  We have eaten the escargot, the French onion soup, the Filet Mignon, the Sirloin, and drank some wine.  

Let me start with the appetizers.  The escargot and the French onion soup was delightful.  It was my first time trying the escargot, and it was sublime!  There is a sort of cheesy texture to it; not what I had expected, but it was very good.  The French onion soup was the best I have ever had.  Most French onion soups are (in one word) salty.  Very little salt taste in this one, but the cheese inside this soup makes up for the absence sodium.  Very creative and very good.  If you have not tried their escargot or French onion soup, I suggest you try these two when trying this restaurant.

The bread and butter that came with the meal was great.  Real French style bread and the butter which melted on the bread upon contact was wonderful.  Their wine selection was adequate.  I had myself a Bordeaux and the misses had a Nutty Russian.  The wine was a great compliment to the bread and butter and later the steaks, but the Nutty Russian had too much alcohol for a mixed drink to my taste.  

Now the main dishes: the steaks!  Let me start by saying the Filet Mignon here is now my personal standard for all Filet Mignons.  The beef steak cut literally like butter!  I had ordered it medium rare (how steak should be eaten).  The moment I bit into a piece of that steak, my mouth was filled with an over joyous sensation that can not be put into words.  You just have to try it for yourself.  The misses' Sirloin was good, but it was nothing compared to my steak.  

The service here is great.  The waitress made us feel as if we were good friends.  Great conversation, did not feel rushed, and made our experience all the better.  The food came out on time, and when something was late like our appetizers, she explained why in full detail; without us asking.  This shows punctuality on her part.  

This is definitely one place I am coming back to eat in when I am in Vegas again.  Not just being the best French restaurant, but let's name this place a great steakhouse too, if not just for it's Filet Mignon.  Cheers everyone and happy yelping!!Delicious and elegant French restaurant in Vegas right on the strip. I had been here before for brunch but never for dinner. We had dinner reservations by the patio over looking the Bellagio. It was a very cute intimate dinner. The French onion soup was the best I've ever had!!!! The caramelized onion steak was very delicious as well.The location is what is perfect about this place. The food and drinks were all satisfying. I was disappointed in the frites, but the meat was well prepared. Had the warmed Brie that was delicious. Moscow mules are priced similarly to other strip locations. We sat on the balcony and it was great...even as a local, I loved the view. Service was standard, but not overly helpful or attentive. That is the biggest miss in my opinion. For a Monday night, they should have been able to provide more attention.I would\should really give MAG 3.5 Stars if I could. (1\2 star  deduction for service).

It is a truly great place, in a great section of the Strip, at the beautiful Paris Hotel & Casino. Great atmosphere & decor..warm and inviting, with tables outside, tables in a glass atrium setting with views of outside, and a regular dining room. It is very loud (as most bistros are) and can get quite dark (I saw plenty of people using their cell phones to light up the menu. C'est la vie!
However some may tell you to sit outside and enjoy the views of the Bellagio's Fountains, but the view is not that good with all the pedestrians and car traffic on the Strip.
THE FOOD
Apps--
--Coquille st Jacques ( a special)  was an excellent choice. Cooked to perfection!
A King Scallop prepared with wine, butter, cream, mushrooms, cheese and breadcrumbs.
One of my favorite French dishes. 
--WILD ESCARGOTS DE BOURGOGNE--oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter with puff pastry top were an excellent rendition of the classic French dish.
--HANDMADE BURRATA CHEESE with olive tapenade, toasted baguette was good , but I've had better at Italian restaurants.
--SCALLOPS GRATINÉES--fennel-onion-mussel cream was awesome!
We also decided to try the Chicken liver mousse pate' over the Country pate' on the recommendation of our waitress and it was just so-so (to later find out that they had Foie Gras !!! which we would have eagerly ordered. (STRIKE ONE, more on that later.)
Entrees--
A few of us got the hanger steak with frites and merlot butter. It was excellent although a little small. But the prices were very good so it all factored in. The frites (French fries) were tired & weak. 
Other entrees that were enjoyed were the trout almondine and the NY Strip steak.

So what bothered me about the service? And yes, there are some better servers  than others, but this irked me enough to mention it.,and If you look at all my other reviews, I'm not the type to even bring it up
1--the waitress talked very low\mumbled..........not good for a noisy bistro atmosphere

2-this was a special occasion birthday party. people actually flew in for the weekend and this was the dinner everyone made (6 of us). I bring this up for a reason. MAG has a policy of not sitting the reservation until EVERYONE is there. I needed everyone seated before my wife and I got there.  So I asked on the OpenTable reservation service if they could make an exception. I also asked if they could make sure we had a nice table in the glass atrium area.
When i mentioned to the waitress that it was a birthday and to bring a dessert with a candle on it , she replied I know all about it ...I saw the book of instructions we needed to follow.....Well FU....

3- I made a comment to the waitress after dinner (since the pate' we ordered was so-so) that I was surprised not to see foie gras on the menu. She told me they had it. That the chef does make a bunch of specials that she did not mention when she told us the 3  specials for that night.
What do they save certain specials for regulars? or if they ask...totally stupid.
I stopped right there because I didn't; want to get aggravated.
It's a good thing they added a 18% tip for a party of six or more. She would have gotten less if I had a choice.

Do NOT let this keep you from MAG. It is definitely one of the better restaurants on the Strip and I'd probably go back again.The bread is warm and awesome, it's reasonably priced and my meal was the best I had on this trip to Vegas. 
MmmmmmmmmWas a good food, prices are ok for vegas. The server was a bit stressed out, but otherwise overall good experience. I'd recommend to make a reservation.Love this l place! we had the seafood platter, salad and escargo (excuse my spelling) it was just delicious! When I go places one thing I look for in a place is service and he was an absolute delight I would definitely go back if I lived in Vegas.This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to when I am in Las Vegas, Nevada. Great for a date, family or friends. The filet mignon merlot steak is excellent. It melts in your mouth (Got mines done medium rare). Very tasty. For appetizer, the chicken liver patey is also an excellent choice.  I recommend that you use the baguette bread that you get as starter as it tastes better with it. The French onion soup is alright. You can't RSVP to sit outside in the patio area. This is first come, first serve. It has a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. You can however, RSVP for inside through Open Table.I've eaten here twice in the past year: both times for breakfast, but with very different people.

On the first trip, I was with glam gals Bianca B and Trish S. They are way fancier than I am, and they both liked Mon Ami Gabi. The second trip was with my boo and my parents. My dad is more of a good ole boy, and he can be a bit hard to please. But he loved his steak and eggs so much that he wanted to go again the very next morning!

Moral of the story: Mon Ami Gabi is a crowd pleaser, no matter the crowd you're trying to feed. 

I have to give a special nod to MAG for their awareness of gluten-free options. I was dismayed at the lack of gluten understanding in LV, but this place gets it right. I've had the gluten-free eggs benedict both stops here, and it was absolutely delicious!

If you're on the Strip and find yourself hungry for breakfast, Mon Ami Gabi is a great pick for any palate!We reserved a table at the restaurant with Opentable.com. The reservation was honored and had a table at the patio as requested. A table at 7:30pm is like a balcony ticket to the water show @ Bellagio. We were able to watch the show 5 times while enjoying our dinner. 

Food was great. Started with the just-out-of-oven baguette and tasty butter. For appetizers, we had Onion Soup & Escargots. The portion of the soup was huge. For the first time of my life, I couldn't finish the cheese on top--must be a inch of cheese. Escargots was good as well. I decided to order the Roasted Chicken on my way to the table---looked good from the table around. The dish didn't disappoint me. Moist and tender, just the way it should be. The other dish was the steak with red wine sauce--good as well, but would order the strip steak next time. 

The service is great, especially for a bistro. Attentive and never rushed. The table in front of us was finishing their entree when we arrived and left with us. Great good, great atmosphere and great value.  A must stop in Vegas.Good food and very well priced.
I enjoyed the quiche very much ... It was great!
My wife's omelette was good but not great.This place has the best view on the strip while you're eating dinner. Ask for an outside table you get to view the Bellagio water show. 

Not to mention the stakes are outstanding and try the scallop appetizer.  

Love it!We arrived as the last reservation of the night at midnight on a Saturday.  The staff did not make us feel rushed at all! We were given the choice of indoor or outdoor seating,  we chose to sit outside. What a stunning view of the belagio at night! Wow was the view perfect. There are heaters outside for the ladies concerned about the cold.  

As to the food, the baguette for the table along with the butter tasted fresh. We both ordered the filet merlot frited medium and the steak came out cooked to perfection.  The fries were nice and crispy, and we never had an empty glass. Our server was fantastic! And he was nice enough to bring me a little dessert with a candle, as we were celebrating my birthday.  Very nice touch. I highly recommend it here if you get to sit outside!  So romantic.Perfect view of the buzzing strip for people watching. The staff was attentive and patient for the large party i was with and the food was amazing! A bit on the spendy side, but worth every penny for the experience.This was the only sit down restaurant my partner and I managed to get into on a Saturday afternoon because the other places we tried were all over an hour wait. To our surprise, as soon as we entered, we were taken to be seated.

The hostess took us to the back room where most of the guests were. It was nice to be inside in the warmth yet still have daylight shine through all the windows and be able to look outside.

I forgot the name of our waiter but my impression of him was wrong. I assumed (sorry) that because it was a fancy place and my partner and I were a little younger than the crowd, he wouldn't serve us with effort. To our surprise again, he did. He was humorous, attentive, and friendly. When my partner accidentally dropped her knife, he noticed and offered a steak knife instead. When we finished our plate of escargot, he said the sauce was the best part to dip the bread in (which I am glad he mentioned because I had been secretly doing so but stopped because I thought it was rude for some reason).

On to the food. The prices are actually quite affordable. $26-$27 for an amazingly thin-sliced, long portion of steak and a batch of crispy fries are worth every dime. I ordered the classic and I was more than pleased. My partner ordered the steak with caramelized onion, also tasty. The French fries had a potato chip feel to it. We also ordered mimosas and, though a little pricey in my book, they had generous amounts of champagne. The escargot appetizer was quite delicious. Smaller than I had imagined, but great to try out. There are 6 pieces (found an extra in ours) smothered in a green garlic butter sauce. If you've never tried it before, just prepare for a gummy texture and a dirt aftertaste. 

Overall, I enjoyed my meal at this restaurant. I did not mind paying the amount I did because the steak portions were amazing, one mimosa gives a nice buzz, and service from our waiter was excellent. I would definitely return here whenever I visit Vegas and highly recommend all others to visit.I have been here for breakfast and dinner and I have loved it for both meals. They do an excellent ham and cheese crepe and corn beef hash. I had the pork tenderloin that was incredibly savory and delicious. Every time we go to visit this is always one of the restaurants that we stop be. Always consistent and that is difficult to find when it comes to restaurants. Love this place. I cannot speak more highly of this place.This review is for breakfast. It was soooo good!! I had Corned Beef Hash, which is served with yummy shreddy Hashbrowns. I was somewhat thrown off, since the hash also has big chunks of potatoes  in it, but I picked around those and ate the shreddy ones instead. The hash was probably the best Corned Beef Hash I have ever had. Nice big chunks of tender beef. Very good. My husband had a benedict special, which was good, but it was on baguettes instead of English muffins, but they were very hard. He would have preferred regular ones I think. But still, very good....but by far the best part of the meal were the "Pancakes" They are actually a stack of Crepes, and they are amazing. The cinnamon apples on top with fresh whipped cream were heaven. The lunch and dinner menu looked great also and I would go back to try it out for other meals too. Highly recommend!!Ok, I've been to Paris, France and Cannes/Nice....the baguettes here were as good as the real Paris and OMG the mussels were the only time I've ever had that dish in the United States where they tasted JUST as good as the French Riviera.  Every bite I had, I couldn't believe what I was tasting.  

Great wine list, great cocktails (I had a "French Martini"...appropriately made with creme de cassis and pineapple juice....super tasty) and my martini-savvy boyfriend said his straight-up martini was wonderful.  

My boyfriend ordered a steak with pepporcorn sauce...he said it was VERY peppercorny, almost overwhelmingly so, but I guess that's sort of what you ask for?  But it was definitely perfectly cooked.

Anyways, definitely worth a try.Back again and LOVED IT!   I always get the Salmon Benedict and it's so yummy!  Jordan at the host stand and our waiter Jose made birthday brunch on the patio AMAZING!!!!!Delicious!
But expensive as the portions are realy small. Me and my husband ordered 2 main course and were still hungry :(
But we have to say both salmom dish and the vegtable dish were PERFECTLY tasty ;)
If you go there do one of these option:
1. Eat a bit before so dont come HUNGRY
2. Be ready to spend more money and to order more than one main course per person. Decent dish cost arround $20 so $40 for person its A LOT!If I could choose any place in Vegas to eat it would be this place.  It's dark, cozy, romantic and the food never disappoints. Dinner on the patio with my sweetheart, steak frites & wine- swoon.  Breakfast is just as good, love their coffee. Gluten free menu is really good and service has always been great. Already booked my birthday dinner there, can't wait!During our latest Vegas trip last December, we got a chance to check out Mon Ami Gabi in Paris for dinner. We were seated outside and had a straight view of Bellagio fountain show every 15 mins right across the street. Wow, this was one of the best views we have ever had from a restaurant.

On to the food - my husband had Sea scallops and Cafe au lait. I had salmon, both were pretty awesome. Want to go back.Food was good, nothing wrong with it, delicious but not notable. We had steak and fries and seafood tower. The location and ambience was wonderful and something worth enjoying at least once! Excellent, excellent, location, watched Bellagio fountains as we ate on patio, had a full view which was remarkable. Service was friendly and decent - server excellent, greater just ok. Very busy but has buzzer so you can walk around in vicinity while waiting.This is a place that's always packed so reservations are an absolute MUST! For an appetizer, one of the folks in our party of 10 ordered garlic bread with goat cheese and a red sauce. OMG! It was fantastic! I would have that with every meal if I could pull off the massive garlic aftershock. For dinner, I ordered the steak roquefort. The steak had incredible flavor and was enormous but was a bit gristly so that was a disappointment. The pommes frits were spectacular but I was already full from the carb load of bread so I wasn't able to make a dent in them. I didn't see the total bill, but the place is worth a visit!I have walked past this restaurant many times...thinking it would be way too pricey...but by default of my party, we ended up here and really loved it!  There was a longer wait to sit outside to watch the Bellagio Fountain Show...so we ended up inside and had a great view with no wait! A few of us had the Spinach Salad with Grilled Salmon ($17) and another member had the Roasted Duck ($25).  Portions were generous and we could have easily shared a plate.  We all loved our dishes and would definitely eat here again and again! As for dress code - we were casual - I think the only rule is no bare feet or sleeveless t-shirts for men (collared T's ok)...and for the "warm fresh-baked bread" lovers - Si!I have been going to Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris Hotel for years.  They have amazing dishes on their dinner menu (the steak roquefort and the baked cheese appetizer are my faves) and the ambiance can't be beat!  But, I have recently discovered their breakfast menu.  OMG!

I have been to breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi twice now, and I definitely plan to go back.  Keep in mind that they stop serving at 11am, so make sure to get there by 10:30.  I also recommend a reservation, and make sure to sit at least in the indoor/outdoor patio section, if you can't sit outdoors.  Sitting inside during the day just isn't worth it.

I have eaten the eggs benedict twice now (so good!)  My husband has had the croissant sandwich twice now and he likes that a lot too. People I went with tried an omelet with crème fraiche (made to order) and the ham and cheese crepe (with brie, instead of swiss).  They loved it all!  Their sweet breakfast items also look amazing.  Definitely a great stop when you are in Vegas!Good food in general, steak and veggies were well prepared. Didn't care for the fries, they were like greasy potato shreds and most unappealing. I thought it was a little pricey for what it was. Service was excellent.Best crepe I have ever had! I went there thinking it would be overpriced and overrated, was I ever wrong. Ginger and carrot soup was absolutely amazing and the crepes that followed( seafood and chicken/broccoli) were full of flavor and spot on. We missed out on the patio seating but I could careless since we went there to eat. If you need a good lunch check it out.The sangria was on point! And the food was delicious. Are waiter Jose was awesome. He made sure that we were having a good experience. My friend wanted to change her order and Jose hooked her up. I will defiantly be coming back here next time I am in vegas!!!!The food was pricey, but ok. I had the salmon salad it was good but it was $20.95! The wait staff was awful, we were there way longer than we should have been.We had 8:15a reservations and they were happy to seat us early when we arrived at 8:00a. The restaurant is fully staffed and very observant. You lack for nothing. We ordered the bananas foster waffles and blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon each. Both breakfasts were scrumptious, though very sweet. Coffee was strong, but not overly. Fresh squeezed orange juice was also a treat. I'd prefer that their bacon not be glazed with dates, but this is a minor point. Restaurant was clean and mostly quiet, allowing for nice table conversation. The ambiance is also quite pleasant.Made a RSVP for 11.30, got there early looking to sit on the patio on this beautiful day.  The hostess were friendly and seemed like they were happy to be there. They were happy to oblige on a patio table, perfect for people watching and the Bellagio fountains across the way.  Chris greeted us promptly and offered the breakfast menu as an option. We were happy for the breakfast option, although lunch was what we mainly ordered.

We frequently visit Mon Ami Gabi and every time we come here, the service is wonderful, the food is consistent, and ambiance is awesome. Chris made our visit, this time, very welcoming, which compelled us to review this visit. He joked with us, very attentive yet unimposing, he even poked fun at my Lover's Chicago Cubs team, rightfully so. A nice touch to personalized service and interaction with his guests, not just with us, but all of his tables, we truly appreciate that!! We also noticed Chris being a definite team player, not just servicing his tables, but cleaning and resetting his own and the other tables around him.  Bravo Chris, we'll definitely will be back to see you!Ahhhh a little it of heaven during our trip to Vegas!

Food was delicious, service was amazing, and ambiance was soooo relaxing. 

Sat outdoors during a cool day and wanted a great meal. Mon Ami Gabi delivered for sure. Our server was one of those ladies that looked like she spread sunshine when she walked. She was a little older and her smile was infectious. I wish I remembered her name because she really made the dining experience as fantastic as it was.

We began our meal with a fresh warm baguette and soft butter. Fresh warm bread really is the way to start out a meal.

Ordered the Classic Quiche Lorraine and the Classic Burger. The quiche was huge! I was expecting a tiny sized quiche but it was delicious and satisfying. The Classic burger was cooked just to my liking. They even put some of their handcut fries in the burger. Yum. 

Ambiance - Sit outdoors if you can. The music from the Bellagio Fountain show can be heard across the street and even though it was a bit chilly outside - the heat lamps kept us warm.

I will definitely come eat here again next time I'm in Vegas.It's a decently priced restaurant but my friend and I started ordering steak, lobster, and wine.  The total bill was about $250 + tip for us the two of us, but I treated her and she's more then worth it.

The service is top notch.  Although the restaurant cleared we never felt rushed to leave.  Our waitress was always attentive making sure our wine glasses were always filled.  I made a special request to get larger wine glasses since a newly open bottle of wine needs to breathe. 

The rib eye steak I had was cooked to perfection.  It was juicy and nicely seasoned.  Didn't need anything else besides a little cracked pepper.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=jKUQBO_iqmgJV2nJtfmj_w

Make reservations online.  Even when I was here on a weekday it was very very crowded.  I can't imagine what is like on a weekend.

Mon Ami Gabi Restaurant's Score - 94 PointsMy husband and I ate here for breakfast because of the good reviews we read. we ordered an omelet and eggs benedict...we were in heaven. The food and service were great and definitely memorable because we are still thinking about how good the food was.Great view Bellagio Fountain show at night so definitely try to get patio, worth the wait.  Have to try the duck, great value.First of all Mark was an exceptional waiter. I love coffee and he stayed on top of topping it off. For that by itself is 5 star service. Had the Salmon Benedict, the first one was amazing. Perfect hollandaise, egg was cooked to perfection and don't forget the salmon was much better than a lot of other places on the strip. The second english muffin was something to be desired... Egg was drastically under done. Believe me I know my eggs Benedict. Consistency is key. All in all I'll go back, the menu knew how to combine flavors very well. Lets not forget the amazing coffee!Really good food. Word to the wise, at this time of year, don't come before 6pm, otherwise you'll be blinded by the sun. I'm going to a show, so I don't eat this early.The outdoor atmosphere is great. Best in Vegas. Has the feel of an outdoor cafe in Paris. The salmon and spinach salad was great. We loved the thinly sliced fries.Great view of the belagio fountains. Prices are reasonable for the location and French food. Escargots is one of my favorites. The Last time,  the server was a bit "roll the eyes" attitude but non the less I enjoyed the dining.Reservations are always recommended as this prominent strip location with iconic views of the Bellagio fountain at the Las Vegas Boulevard are always sought after - while sitting on the patio might seem like the best table to have I highly recommend requesting a table in the Atrium as it will provide the strip views but still offer the warmth of the interior or the cool breeze of the igloo like Las Vegas air conditioning. But let's be honest it's the superbly executed menu that has made this French inspired strip eatery a main stay for a decade plus!! My favorite is the mini Apple Waffles, any of the crepes are divine - however the Quiche Lorraine is the absolute gem of the menu! And while you are at I suggest the bottomless mimosas! Our service was fantastic as should be expected anywhere on the 'the Strip' if you are disappointed by this locale then you should just stick to you Egg Mcmuffin from McDontvalueyourliverorkidney...I love this place! Went here for my mom's birthday dinner with some of her friends who had been there before. I got the french onion soup which had to have been the best french onion soup of my life. For dinner, I had the entree sized scallops with brussel sprouts. I don't usually like brussel sprouts but this place happened to make them phenomenal. Overall, an excellent place. I'll definitely be going back. They also give you their recipes for certain things if you ask ;)Eat a breakfast sandwich on a croissant on Gabi's patio. It was a delicious egg sandwich (having moved from Brooklyn to Peoria, IL, it is something I miss). The service was good and it was pretty cheap, but I think other things on the menu were more pricey. Picture of breakfast and view are in my profile.The BEST BREAKFAST IN LAS VEGAS. Reasonably priced and good coffee. Service was great, really friendly, we sat outside which looks over the strip and got to watch everything going on. Defintiley recommend it, I had the short ribs with poached eggs & fruit salad. Lots of range on the men too.This restaurant is fantastic. We went as a large group for my cousins birthday and everything was top notch, including the fountain view we were lucky enough to score. Food was great and the service was excellent...would definitely return.This is one of best restaurants I have been to.  We went here for my friend's 50th birthday dinner.  I made reservation for 6 people.  We were seated right away at a table inside with a view for Bellagio fountains.  LOved the view.  The staff were so friendly and helpful and patient.   We briefly mentioned that it was my friend's birthday and they brought out a little dessert for her.  Each of us ordered a different type of steak.  We actually tried all of the steaks.  each steak entree was about mid 20s price range.  We certainly come back.  Next time, we want to come back for breakfast.My boyfriend and I came here for Valentine's Day. We had a great experience. The service was quick. We both ordered the hanger steak, which had good flavor. I loved their signature cocktail, Paris Romance. The ambiance was very romantic. I would come back here again.What a place to have brunch. It sets just the opposite of the Bellagio fountain and if you can get reservation at the patio or closer to it you can see the fountain every half and hour. We ordered for an egg white omlette and it was just so fluffy. We loved it. Do try to have brunch there.Went to dinner here last night with my boyfriend, the wait was about roughly 40 minutes which to me wasn't long. Definitely no complaints about the food. I love the lovely romantic soothing setup in this restaurant. Definitely relaxing as well and very enjoyable, the view we had was stunning also, we sat where the Bellagio fountain was. it couldn't have been any better of a dinner. So moving on to the orders for the night I ordered the trout, by far the best cooked trout I have ever ate so far in my life time. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned just right. I went ahead and ordered a few slices of lemon on the side just cause I find fish to go good with lemon perfectly. My boyfriend on the other hand ordered a delicious custom made pizza. He's Italian so anywhere he goes out to eat. Pizza is his thing, not to mention before dinner they served us an appetizer which has some olives, fried zucchini, some delicious parmesan cheese and they all tasted amazing one from the other. Overall very clean well set place. I recommend everyone to try this place of your a fan of the food type. It's one of my favorite and will always be.Highly recommend eating in the atrium area! Meal was cooked to specification and flavors were fantastic!The wife and I were invited to join another couple for Sunday brunch at Mon Ami Gabi.  It was late morning on a beautiful, clear, sunny January day.  It was so nice on this particular day; we knew it would be a shame to not eat outside on Mon Ami Gabi's patio overlooking the Strip across from the Bellagio.  We didn't have reservations, not that it would've helped, since outside dining was first come, first served.  As luck would have it, a table was available immediately for our party and we were treated to a four top up against the rail with an unobstructed Strip-side view of passersby.  Needless to say, it's one of the best people watching spots on the Strip.  

We started off by sharing orders of the Housemade Country Pate ($10.95) and the trio of artisan cheeses ($15.95).  The portion of pate was surprisingly generous and a great starter.  The cheeses, while delicious, were nothing terribly special or unique and probably a bit overpriced compared to the seeming value of the pate and what we received for the rest of our meal.  The wife and I split orders of the Warm Chicken & Brie Sandwich ($12.95) and the Butternut Squash & Brie Quiche ($13.95).  The grilled chicken and brie was topped with caramelized onions and thin slices of green apple.  It was a nice-looking and tasting sandwich and an overall winner.  The quiche was tasty, as well, possessing a nice and buttery, flaky crust.  The amount of food was plentiful for the price.   

For a national chain restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi impressed me enough to want to check out its location much closer to our home in Northern Virginia.  Mon Ami Gabi served up a solid meal made all the more special by its singular al fresco dining experience.  If you go, go on a good weather day, and sit outside!Views of the fountains and the people watching out of the patio are some of the best in Las Vegas.  The bread and the french fries were excellent, my steak was kind of on the chewy side.  The man dishing out the water was quick to refill, which was great as it was over 100 degrees the night we were there.  The waitress was trying to speak with a french accent, which got to be a little funny after a while.  Every once in a while she would forget altogether, which made it even funnier when she would go back to it.   We went on a Monday night around 8:30 and maybe only had a 10 min wait to sit on the patio.  Would have liked to try it for breakfast, but never got up that early.  Would go backYou have to sit out on the patio to have a wonderful experience. Otherwise, this place would get three stars.

Champagne went well with my salmon dinner and complimentary French bread. It was good food, but not the best salmon I've had. My husband and I shared a delicious pear ice cream parfait for dessert. And the service was superb.

The best part was watching the Bellagio fountain show from our outdoor seats. It was a lovely night and the show made it much more romantic.Such a nice place to sit outside for lunch. The waiters provide such good service and are there to please you! I had the filet mignon merlot and it was super tender! I tried escargot for the first time here and I loved it! The bread and butter they come out with is soo fresh! Definitely a place ill return toGreat menu and kid friendly. Reasonably priced and a wonderful patio on the strip for people watching while you dine.The atmosphere was great, the breakfast was amazing, and the service was excellent. Definitely a place we'd recommend. It is pricy, but you get what you pay for. The quality of the food was  high. My pregnant wife approved. If you want to see the Bellagio fountain show, come after 3:00pm.Excellent steak and excellent view. Everything was the best! the french fries were specially good.Great environment, great service and great food with relatively affordable price! What can be better than enjoying a glass of sweet Frangria under the sun while watching the fountain show at the Bellagio right across the street during your vacay?The most value, best view, and great steaks for a vegas steakhouse.

Simply put, the steaks here are great meat prepared just right.  I've eaten here a number of times - most recently a buffalo ribeye with bearnaise and the bone in filet with truffle bearnaise.  Both had amazing texture and flavor.  The spinach and other sides I've gotten were all great (though potentially could be a little bigger).  The frites that come with the steak are OK (especially for sopping up some leftover bearnaise), but I could go with a different style of included side if it were up to me.

Reservations are taken for inside seating, but you must wait if you'd like to sit outside.  That wait is very worth it as you'll get a perfect, elevated view of the Bellagio fountain show.

Service is extremely skilled and friendly, though during busier times (especially outside) you do get the hint that they don't exactly want you to stay and relax if you aren't eating or drinking.  They aren't necessarily rude about it, and after waiting to get in I'm sure you understand just the same.

Though there's plenty of steakhouses in vegas, there's little reason to explore much beyond Mon Ami Gabi.Excellent soups, salads, steaks.  Everything we tried, we were left smiling.   The lunch was fantastic as was the service.  I like the soup so much, they emailed me the recipe.  I plan on going again the next time I visit Vegas.Loved every minute! Have been for breakfast lunch and dinner, no need to go anywhere else!

Rib Eye was fantastic and for the price you get to sit on the strip and watch the Bellagio fountains. That is what Vegas is all about. Service was amazing and attentive, multiple people attending to our table. It took a while to get an order in for dinner but that is because of how busy they were.Good restaurant. I struggled between 3 and 4 stars but went with 4 because of the service. I was with a large group and was able to taste many items on the menu. Everything I tasted was well executed, but I suppose being a well known Las Vegas restaurant the expectations are just a bit higher. I would definitely recommend to othersThis place so delicious! My good friend took me on a friendly date while the rest of our group when to a concert. I was a bit leery at first bc I didn't want my friend to spend too much. To my surprise everything was moderately price. We had wine appetizers I had the salmon and my friend had the steak for a total of $100! What a deal! The restaurant is located across from the Belagio so we had a fantastic view of the fountain :)  

The salmon was the best I've had. And the steak? Out of your mind delish! Great ambiance as well as cuisine! If you're in Vegas and looking for good food at a good price this is your place.Took my company out to vegas for the weekend.  Made this stop as our company dinner.  Made reservations over a month before.  called ahead and asked how long the wait time for my 8pm reservation is going to be.  They said at 8pm.  I was kinda shocked by that answer.  i said you're on time.  They said yup.  I was impressed by that.  

Walked into paris the well the paris hotel and casino is nice!  The restaurant is to the left when you enter.  As you're walking by the strip you see the patio of the restaurant.  Walked in, got seated in door and ordered drinks for the crowd.  i had the scotch and it was priced at $12 a shot.  Which is avg for a nice spot.  On to the food.


I shared my plate with my girl and ordered the bone in rib eye.  other items ordered were the roasted chicken, fish (trout) and the filet.  Ordered the cheese plater for the apps.  Starting off with the cheese plater. Small amount but tasted good.  The rib eye was outstanding!  perfectly cooked. The filet i was told was also perfect.  The trout the wife of an employee couldnt stop talking good things about.  The chicken i had a few bites of and it was also very good.  The spot knows how to get things done.  Thats why they have a small menu. They keep it simple.  

Only reason why it didnt get a 5 star was because you had to walk into the casino to go to the restroom.  I mean come on people you have a great restaurant and you cant build a restroom in it. You have to make me walk the smokey casino to piss.  Not cool.First at all, The service was amazing!! I been waiting outside in the casino for 45 mins, I was literally starving to death. The waitress was kinda feeling bad for me, so I got the seat outside facing the fountain!!! The view was absolutely amazing, I wait no more than 5mins before a waiter response to me with a big smile on his face. The food came within 20mins or so, fairy good speed considering the amount of diner in a long weekend. The steak they had recommended was amazing though it was a bit over priced. The other food was amazing as well, but still a bit over priced. Personally I wouldn't recommend the Dijon steak, for it was slightly over cooked when it was served. But the overall dining experience was quite nice. It got a four stars only because its over price and its Dijon steak.Outdoor balcony seating, beautiful weather, delectable food, you can't go wrong. My husband and I kept rescheduling our reservation and I'm so thankful that I didn't cancel! We had a late start to our day and beginning our day at 5pm with this place as our breakfast and lunch and early dinner, it was perfect. We ordered the onion soup which hit the spot. It filled up all the little holes in my body that was screaming for food. We also ordered the burrata with olive tapenade but I wasn't too keen on how strong the vinegar flavor was to the tapenade. I felt like it killed the olive flavor. Other than that, burrata is one of my favorite cheeses so I wasn't disappointed. Our mai entree was the pan seared scallops and it was just to die for. Perfectly cooked, great flavor and awesome meat, it was paired with fresh asparagus, string beans and corn, it was tres bonne!! The service was great and tended to us each time they passed our table. This place is gonna be my go-to each Vegas trip I make.great burgers, decently priced restaurant for vegas. one of the few authentic cafes on the strip.I've been here several times. The food is always great but most times the service lacks. We went here today and had the best service from Bryan. He was super friendly and very attentive. He asked about our plans and gave us tips while we are here. He was so happy and a really nice guy. I would go back every day if I knew he would be our server.  I am giving this place 5 stars only because of Bryan. 

The food was on par with previous times. OJ and coffee were good. The crepes are pretty good and the omelette was tasty.My girlfriend and I found this kind of by accident.  We were walking down the strip exploring on our first day.  We had planned our trip down to the minute, except breakfast, which we figured would be something quick or a buffet before we head to the pool or go exploring each day.  Anyway, we walked by Paris on our first afternoon and saw this place.  They have a huge outdoor patio in the perfect location (right across from the Bellagio fountains), and we both love restaurants with outdoor patios.  We looked at the menu, saw that breakfast looked good, and decided to come back.

Before we went back though, we did some quick research and found that first, this place was ranked 24th our of over 2000 Vegas restaurants on tripadvisor and found that every list of the best brunch places and best patio restaurants had this one at the top.  It was a no brainer at that point.

Unfortunately, they do not take reservations for the patio, so we had to wait about 40 minutes on Saturday morning. I don't recall the time - 9 or 10AM.  Anyway, this place is unbelievably good.  When we next find ourselves in Vegas, I am sure we'll do something different for everything - different dinners, nightclubs, different hotel (and we liked every place we stayed and went) - but we will absolutely be back here.

I got simple eggs benedict, she got eggs florentine, and we both got large Cafe au Lait (it comes in a bowl!).  I just can't express how good the food and coffee was.  There's really nothing else that needs to be said.  Food = superb.  Ambiance (patio dining on the Strip in early Spring) = superb.  Service = superb.  And it wasn't too pricey.  Go here.  Wait for the patio.  You won't regret it.Came here by reservation and it was surprisingly not that busy. I hear that the outdoor seating is a better choice since you get to see the Bellagio fountains across the street but I also noticed the water misters were on and the occasional breeze may spray onto your food and drinks. Nevertheless, the food was pretty amazing. I had the Gabi's fish and frites and the texture of the fried fish was similar to a crab! My friend got the grilled salmon salad and man was it big. I'm not a fan of cooked salmon so I didn't taste it, but my friends liked it! For dessert, I tried the banana foster crepe, SO GOOD but SO SWEET. Your mouth will be coated with caramel goodness for longer than you want. But it was all worth it.This place is a great location with a nice patio. The food is great quality for a good price. We went there for lunch and had the mushroom soup and baked brie for starters that were both outstanding. 

I had the quiche lorraine as my main course. It wasn't my favorite but still good quality. If I were to go again I would likely order a crepe as that looked very good, especially the seafood crepe my dad ordered had a large portion of seafood with it and looked great.Couldn't ask for a better special occassion dinner (parent's anniversary).  Everyone was a bit skeptical at first, especially put off by the wait, but what do you expect on a Saturday night in Vegas?  It was a bit dark in the restaurant (but I like that), and the waiter was good, considering we were undecided and had 2 small children with us.  We ordered mussels and most had the filet with pommes frittes.  We sat inside due to the heat.  It was the best dinner, and it appealed to everyone in our party.This is usually our go to restaurant for breakfast when staying in Vegas. Although I've never been impressed with the service (our experience has ranged from indifferent wait staff to down right rude), we continue to come because of their gluten free options. Today we are here for breakfast and was sorely disappointed in both our service and food. My wife and mother in law ordered a dish that came with bacon. The bacon was literally burned to a crisp and tasted burned. We asked for new bacon and informed the waitress that we didn't want our bacon burned. A few minutes later we were brought bacon that looked identical to what we just sent back...burnt to a crisp. Rather than send back yet another side of bacon and waste more food we just accepted it. We were disappointed that the waitress didn't take initiative and tell the kitchen that what they were sending out again was not acceptable. Overall, we will come back but the restaurant needs serious work in customer service skills.Monday night went for filet mignon and escargot but began with baked goat cheese. Warm bread was so yummy and goes with escargot so well. Steak was well prepared and very flavorful ! Went back again two days later and I ordered the seafood combo $58, has lobster, prawn and oysters. Ordered escargot again but this time it came very salty, and the bread isn't as warm. 

Service and food are very good overall!I stopped in with a friend to sit on the patio and have a light meal yesterday. We were seated outside after a short wait and brought bread and shredded carrot salad. We each had the French onion soup and  petite salad. Both were lovely. The salad was light and crisp. The greens were fresh and perfect. The soup was heavy with cheese and served the perfect temperature. The flavor was not overwhelming and tasted freshly made as well. 

The service was just the right amount of attentive without being fawning. It was supposed to be just a "quick stop" nothing special grab a bite meal and it has been my best, albeit small, dining experience in Vegas so far.Food was excellent for breakfast, I had the smoked salmon eggs benedict. The eggs and sauce was slightly runny but tasted good. The coffee was delicious. We sat outside on the patio on thanksgiving day and it was crowded but the service was excellent. My coffee was filled several times as well as the water while we where eating. It's also a good spot for people watching.One of my favorites!  Great view, great food, great friendly service and the price is great!

Great View - Right across the street from the Bellagio water show.  Just ask to be seated outside.  There are also a lot of overweight birds asking for food.  They will eat out of your hand

Great Food - Can't complain.  I love their burgers.  They are literally like 5lbs and the fries are unique.  Very flat and very good.

Great Service - Very friendly and professional.  A Class.

Great Price - To top it all off, the price is not bad.  It's like $10 for a burger, but definitely feels like we got our moneys worth.

Note : They don't allow sleeveless shirts or swim suits apparently.  I don't mind girls in swim suits but seriously who walks into a restaurant in the middle of the strip in a swim suit.The wait for the outside patio is totally worth it.
I want to eat their baguettes all the time.
Solid! Makes me want to live in vegas.Absolutely outstanding! When I took my first sip of crisp Sancere to wash down the flakiest French bread, I seriously flashed back to the REAL Paris for a moment. The menu is the ideal sampling of Parisian faves, service is classy (our waiter was even French!!) and everything we ordered was just perfection - scallops, butter-drenched crab cake, fracis with goat cheese & quinoa, I didn't want to leave!!!I had dinner at Mon Ami Gabi over the weekend, and everything was great. We got stuck in traffic, so we were late for our reservation, but they fit us in without waiting anyway. (And on a holiday weekend)

The food was fantastic and the service is impeccable. I highly recommend the lemon basil ginger martini. Yum!So this place gets good reviews and I see why. I think the setting is nice and not your typical Vegas casino vibe. The food is very good and even better compared to normal Vegas slop. The fresh bread was hot and had nice taste. The filet was also good and cooked just right. The crowd was less drunk party guys and more enjoying Vegas. And service was very good.This was my third time on the patio at this classic restaurant. I brought 3 ladies with me that had never been before. I think they loved it. One was on a budget and was able to enjoy for aprox $20.00. The rest of us went a little crazy. Blue cheese stuffed olives in my martini is always the best way to get me started. We tried the scallop appetizer which was done rockerfeller style, they were flavorful & decadent. I tried the lamb chop special with thier perfect frites. The lamb was overly salty but otherwise yummy. It was served with average ratatouille. We tried the bananas foster (nice) and the chocolate mousse for dessert (lovely) I can't wait to go back!attempted patio seating but was too windy and cold.  indoors, the ambience was cozy and very romantic.  dimly lit restaurant w/ candles on every table.  service was good.  

started off w/ glass of merlot for bf, glass of pinot noir for me.  tried the famed country style pate ($10) which is served w/ toast, tiny pickles and onions and mustard seeds.  wasnt the spreadable type pate im used to, but it was good.  bf ordered soup but waitress must not have heard him or forgot.  worked out perfectly anyway because we had way too much food.  for entree, bf had the steak bordelaise ($24) which came w/ frites and i had the prime rib special ($30) which came w/ french green beans and scalloped potatoes.  his steak was good, tender and flavorful.  loved the fries.  my prime rib was pretty good, but the herb crust was too salty.  the horseradish sauce it came w/ was way too creamy for my taste.  asked for raw horseradish instead which was much better.  sides were yum.  

we passed on dessert because nothing seemed to stand out.  went to boulangerie instead and got two scoops of gelato (oreo ice cream and coffee) for less than $4.  

two glasses of wine, one app, and two entrees came out to be about $80 before tip.  not bad at all.  priced well for as much food as you get.  would come again.Took me back to a cafe in Paris! While the street ambiance was nowhere close to that of the real deal, the restaurant's decor and outdoor/indoor patio did send me back down memory lane. 

My boyfriend and I took a nice long walk to get here and it was worth every step, stair and sky bridge. My egg while omelet was so fluffy! Usually egg whites do not get too fluffy, but these babies were delicious. Their country wheat toast was crunchy but soft in the center just as it should be. I really liked the added tomato and the substitution of a fruit bowl for hash browns. I did enjoy the other plate, the presentation was fabulous for both. My only concern was of crazy and grease the hash browns tastes. My boyfriend did not like his mimosa. He said it was too watery and for $12.5, it wasn't worth it. 

This restaurant has an upbeat and lively feel with the open patio and enclosed sun room. The dining room is dark but makes for a nice romantic dinner, I'm sure! 

Service was good. They have many employees who execute their positions fast and effectively. 

Enjoy.This is a definite stop for me when I am in Vegas. The food is delicious, the service is awesome and the prices are reasonable. The location is great since it is right across from the Bellagio Fountain. You have front seat views of the water show if you sit outside.  I've been here at least 5 times now and so far I have not been disappointed.

The escargot is a must, especially if you've never had escargot before. I am not an escargot connoisseur but I find that it tastes quite nice with all the garlic and seasonings. The price is around $10 for a serving of 6 pieces.

Also, their steaks are divine. I enjoy a good steak and they definitely know how to please my palate when it comes to steak. 

My sister had the salmon salad, which she thought was excellent.

Overall, it's probably one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.Made reservation on open table and was glad we did.  It was quite busy when we arrived though we did score patio seating which was nice.  

Ordered the eggs Benedict which was very tasty.  Asked for extra crispy hash brown and they came out just fine.  Hash brown is tiny though so I ordered a second side order.   

Coffee was warm (not hot) and cups were tiny.  So unless you drink it quickly, you will have cold coffee in no time. Refills were slow since they were very busy.  

Overall, it was a pretty good place for breakfast.  Good view, nice service, great food.  

Go and try them.  Come after 11 am and watch the Bellagio fountains across the street.Nice breakfast spot with lovely strip views. I enjoyed the eggs benedict and my husband loved their crepes. The bacon was good but I'd prefer mine crispy (as it states on the menu). Delicious mimosas don't hurt either.

Our dinner here out in front of the fountains was great. They effortlessly handled our group, allowed us to bring in a specialty cake, and served us the most awesome steaks. Definitely a great meal.This was my second visit to Mon Ami Gabi and definitely the best. We were a late arriving table Saturday night. Our server saved the day when he recommended the lunch menu was still available and thus his favorite menu item, the blue cheese topped hamburger. It was perfect for three of us. I had a bite of the croque Madame too and it was wonderful.

Ambiance was as good as it gets with being smack dab on the Las Vegas strip outside and part of the action. Definitely the food highlight of the weekendWe had lunch here a couple times, the wait is a little ridiculous however the food is awesome. The patio seating had a good view. Would come again.Any tourist has always wished to eat at this restaurant! Such great service for 20 people when we were late! Our service was excellent and this place was reasonable in pricing.

I had a flank steak and yummy frites. The red wine was excellent and so were the baked oysters. They have this baguette that comes with a great carrot dip for free!went there Dec 2011 and enjoyed a pretty good old fashioned french cuisine

service was fine

prices were decent

quality was rightthe bloody mary bar saved my morning. coffee is strong and tasty.

oh yeah, the food is good too.  perfect for a brunch after a late night out.Been twice!  Bloody Mary Bar, excellent view of the fountains and good food.  Good service.affordable, fairly classic french food

sit outside if you like to people watch

or 

see the bellagio fountain show

very reminiscent of paris
(on steroids!)I took a break from this Mon Ami Gabi after two disappointing meals. I returned for breakfast and it was excellent. Food drinks and service were all excellent, couldn't ask for any improvement. We both had bloody marys and coffee. For food we had bananas foster waffles, eggs florentine benedict, corned beef hash and onion soup. the two breakfast items had perfect crispy hash browns. The hash had the right amount of crispy char and perfectly poached eggs. Onion soup was exactly what you expect with plenty of melted cheese. I tasted the bananas foster waffles and they were sweet and carmely like you'd expect.  I didn't try the florentine benedict but they looked very good.  Everything was delicious and service was perfect. The room was comfortable and cleaned up since my last visit ( the shabby drapes are now gone). I'll be back soon for sureWe had a ridiculously early flight into Vegas so we decided to grab some breakfast once we were settled in. Mon Ami Gabi has been on my bookmarks list for awhile so I thought this was the perfect opportunity to try them out.

Located in the beautiful Paris hotel, Mon Ami Gabi offers up classic breakfast/brunch, lunch, and dinner dishes all with a French flare. I ordered the three egg breakfast ($13.95) which came with hash browns, your choice of bacon or sausage, and a side of toast. The eggs were so fluffy and the bacon was sweet but crispy - just how I like it. My friend had the ham and cheese omelette ($13.95) and she raved about it.

We originally wanted to sit outside because their patio area is so cute, and has amazing views of the Bellagio, but the wait time was pretty long for a Friday morning. If you want to sit outside, I suggest making a reservation or coming in as early as you can.

Service was sweet and very attentive. Our server always made sure we had refills and she came by frequently to make sure that our food was tasting good.

If you're big on brunch, I highly suggest Mon Ami Gabi - it's a cute restaurant in the heart of the Strip with a solid menu no matter what time of day.After a long day at the pool a group of us were hungry but did not want to break the bank at the same time. Being in vegas most of the places to eat are expensive. I did a quick search on Yelp to see what was around the area and came across this place which was only 1 hotel over. It had great reviews and it had steak so that was a plus! We get ready and head over to the place and the restaurant looked nice. They had patio seating and inside seating. Surprisingly the patio seating was faster then trying to get a seat inside. The patio seating is right on the strip and right across from the Bellagio. It sets a nice mood for couples because you get to see the water show while eating. The prices are very good for being in vegas and on the strip. When seated they give warm french bread and radish salad that I really liked. We ordered a full order of mussells, escargot and everyone got a steak dish. The mussells and escargot were delicious! All the steaks came with thin cut frech fries there were really crispy. The steak was a good portion for the price. This is a great place to check out for cheap and good food with a nice view.This is my favorite spot in the strip, too bad they keep messing up on food 3 several time in a row. But they made up for it by giving us another champagne or free breakfast. Must try this place, the scenery is very good, make sure you get a table in atrium area.Bloody. Mary. Bar. With. Slim. Jims. (as a garnish) In. Vegas.

That makes up for the fact that my boyfriend's poached egg was underdone.

But then again, sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountain and drunk people whilst drinking Bloody Marys does too.Great service, great views, and great food.  We had a carafe of the Frangria, which was delicious husband had the chicken brie sandwich that was delicious, and I had the Pate and salad which were both great. Highly recommend it.What an awesome restaurant with a view to die for!!!!!  My wife and I took in dinner here on our last night in Vegas, and hit a grand slam!  We made a reservation for 6:30 (and tip... MAKE A RESERVATION or you'll be playing the waiting game.... for a while if you arrive during high peak dining hours....) and arrived a bit before 6 because you can't reserve an outside table.  We were all ready to have a drink at the bar and wait it out for an outside table, but we were in luck and scored a prime table right by the railing outside with a view of the Bellagio in just a few minutes.  What views!  The water show at the Bellagio is incredible and is a must see at nighttime.  So, back to the restaurant.  We started out with a couple drinks, my wife ordered their signature French Martini and I a Manhattan..  Both were yummy and we sat there enjoying our pre-dinner drinks while people watching and such.  You are also served warm French bread with butter, and some shredded carrot type dish.  Our server, Billy, I can describe in one word, "Awesome!"  He made our dining experience perfect.  Didn't rush us and his demeanor and hospitality completed our experience.  For an appetizer, we ordered their 1/2 order of Mussels Marinie're, served in white wine & herbs...  OMG!  Dip that French bread in their sauce!!  For our meals, my wife ordered their Salmon, served with Lentils du puy, bacon, and beurre rouge and she fell in love with it.  I ordered their Steak Au Poivre, served in a Brandy Peppercorn sauce, accompanied with their signature Steak Frites.  This steak couldn't have been prepared any better and it literally melted in my mouth!  Both dishes were home runs!  We ordered another round of drinks, and took in the Vegas ambiance.  Perfect "everything" this meal had.  Priced right for the location and the quality and quantity of the food you get.  Thank you SO MUCH Billy for an amazing experience. Can't recommend this restaurant high enough!  We will be back!Had a fabulous birthday dinner here. Highly recommend the baked Brie and any of the steaks. You have to sit on the patio great views of Bellagio fountain and for people watching. Waiter was  snooty, but all are at these high end Vegas restaurants.This was my third time eating here over the past seven years or so, and I've always ordered the same thing:  The Steak Frites with Brandy Peppercorn Sauce.  

It's a Top Sirloin, pounded very thin, but still very tender, and the sauce is wonderful.  My only quibble is that they've changed the style of their frites (again) and no longer have the shoestrings.  The new frites are so crisp they've not so good for dipping in the excess peppercorn sauce (half the fun).

Unlike me, my wife ordered the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter, Rare.  Normally I like my steak medium rare (this this was really, really rare), but I tried a bite and it was hands-down the most tender piece of beef I can ever remember tasting.  Almost like perfect, seared ahi tuna.  Wow.  I also learned that you can order any of their steaks with any of the sauces.  So next time, I'll probably mix and match with the Filet.

All in all, one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  Excellent service and extensive wine list, too.  So why only 4 stars?  Well, I miss the shoestring frites -- a lot.  That's probably only worth a 1/2 star deduction, but Yelp doesn't do 1/2's.The service was excellent, the food is great and prices are very reasonable for a French restaurant on the strip. I definitely recommend this place to anyone local or visiting Las Vegas. You won't regret it.Still a favorite! When someone mentions Vegas, I immediately think of dining at Mon Ami Gabi. Seriously. Before anything else. I could dine at the Reston, Virginia or Bethesda, Maryland locations more easily, but I never have reason to be in either of those towns. And anyway, the Vegas location can't be beat!

Monday night we were seated in the enclosed terrace, between what I consider to be the dining rooms and the outside terrace. It was really loud, and I almost asked to be seated elsewhere. I'm glad I didn't, because we had the best server ever.  Leno clearly loves what he does and takes pride in his work. He knows the menu inside and out and listens to you to help you make the best choices.

As always we started with mussels and the broth is still the best in the world! When the mussels were gone I just kept dipping bread in it until it was gone. I love the steaks here, and once again the bone-in ribeye was cooked to perfection. Leno introduced me to my new favorite sauce, the merlot. I also enjoyed their twist on the Mojito: Champagne as well as gin! I can't remember dessert; my doctor wasn't kidding when she said don't mix alcohol with muscle relaxers...The reason they don't get 5 stars is because I can't give all beautiful places 5. It wouldn't be fair. The service was good, the food exceptional! I would truly refer friends to come here for brunch as I had the best salmon Benedict I've ever had there. But again, there was no wow factor for me.Everything I ate here was to die for.  Sooooo delicious.

For my entree I had the sea scallops.  They were amazing.  The sweet potato puree that accompanied them was unbelievable.  I practically licked my plate.

As a side to the entree I had the macaroni and cheese.  Also amazing.  You'd be surprised how many people somehow seem to ruin macaroni and cheese!  But they definitely don't.  It is oober cheesy and baked to perfection :).

Overall it was a great experience.  We didn't have any issues with service our our reservation so it was really a just a great night out!This place is perfect for a laid back lunch or a dressed up date night. Whatever mood your in. The decor is laid back and formal so it makes for a good 1st date spot. The service is great, waiters are friendly and very professional. 

The food here is fresh and flavorful. 

And their bread comes with a tart pickled relish and butter (it is so amazing). I ate through the whole loaf of French bread before my food came out. So, I was definitely too full for dessert.Here to celebrate my mom's (and mines.. Next weekend) birthday! GIRL'S WEEKEND! Great food, great service.. A bit pricy ($12 for a mimosa.. Really?!) but this is Vegas. So happy we chose to have lunch at this place though. Highly suggest the goat cheese appetizer (So good) and the "Frangria".. Loved it! ($24 craft = about 4 glasses) I ordered the warm goat cheese salad w/chicken and it was delicious. Well worth the $20! Lol. I will definitely be back my next trip to Sin City! (LOVED the warm, fresh baguettes!!!!!!!)Came here for a Bachelorette dinner with Bride to be and it was such a great experience for us. We could of been seated outdoor and had a even better view of the Bellagio watershow but it was too cold- given the fact that it's December. However, we were still seated smack down in the middle of the restaurant where we were able to enjoy the water show indoor- warm and toasty.

Our server was great! He had a great sense of humor, and also made sure our baguettes were never empty. The baguettes were always piping hot and fresh. I guess it does feel like I am in Paris. HAHA.

Food was EXCELLENT. They're really popular for their Steak Frites. 

I ordered the "Bordelaise" Steak Frites- with caramelized onion & red wine sauce. The Steak was medium rare- the way I enjoyed it and it was a really. The meat was cooked to perfection, literally, Medium rare. I loved the frites, so good. Not too crunchy like regular french fries but not too soggy as well. 

The "Garlic Spinach" side was also delicious. I love garlic, so anything with garlic is hands down!

The "Onion Soup Au Gratin" was amazing. It was really cheesy and the soup was not too salty either. Loved it.

I had a wonderful time with my girls at Mon Ami Gabi. Will definitely return again for probably brunch and definitely dinner. 

Although I felt like Mon Ami Gabi was not how I would expect a French restaurant would be like, I am still super satisfied. MMM!Without a doubt, one of the best in Vegas! We had the Filet with Merlot Butter, Scallops, Trout Almondine, awesome, awesome, awesome! You really can't beat the view (patio view of the Bellagio fountains), food, price for the quality of food on the strip, and romantic to boot!I love eating here!  Charming french bistro atmosphere.  Great views of the Bellagio fountains if you sit outside on the patio.  My favorite dishes are the frisee salad, onion soup au gratin, and the croque monsieur.  If your meal doesn't come with them, order a side of their hand-cut frites too.  Have a french martini and try not to fill up on the wonderfully crusty baguette and butter served before your meal!Our all time favorite place to have breakfast! Located on the strip, reservations taken for dinner but not for breakfast. Arrive early for a seat on the outdoor patio with a great view. Obviously French themed, crepes and omelettes are delicious. Fun options for champagne breakfast cocktails and they have a killer Bloody Mary. Highly recommend!My first time dining here. Staff is nice and place nice with a romantic touch. I decided to go with the Filet Mignon with the Merlot sauce and butter. It was sooo good, tender, cook to perfection. I had a side of creamy mashed potatoes to go with... YUMMY!! I prefer the mashed over the fries. Back tonight and now I am trying the lemon chicken..Food has always been consistently good and I love to sit by the sidewalk to people watch unless it's insane hot outside but have always loved our experiences here.Mmmm get the chicken liver pate.  Fantastic and so smooth.  

The steak was also excellent.  Very tender and cooked deliciously.  The fries were a bit too salty for my tastes, honestly.  

Tarte tatin for dessert was very rich.Really like this place. Came here about a year ago with my boyfriend at the time. It was considered an anniversary situation so we had reservations to sit outside in the patio area, overlooking the Bellagio and the fountain. Definitely a great location. If you sit for long enough, you might be able to catch quite a few fountain shows, which I always love =)

As for food, it was very delicious. We got the escargot to start off, which was amazing. Entree wise, I got a fish and he got a steak. I don't remember exactly what we ordered but both were amazing. Drinks were okay too, and dessert was good. I wish I yelped about this earlier so I would remember exactly what I ate, but this just means that I will have to come back again! The food was definitely very good, and I would come back anytime.

In addition, the service was really good too. Even though the restaurant was pretty packed on a Friday night, the waiter didn't kick us out or pressure us to leave, even though we ended up sitting for nearly 3hrs. Definitely worth going!!The view and the food was amazing. 

We had brunch. 

Make a reservation, you will be seated quick. 

without reservation, the wait can be an hour.Came for Sunday breakfast with a reservation & what a breeze! In & out in 35 mins! The 3 poached eggs, toast & hash was cooked as requested & the French toast was pretty good if not a little sugary.
My tip is to get the cream on the side as its huge!If you want to eat at something other than the Bellagio or Wynn buffet in Vegas you have to try Mon Ami Gabi. Its moderately priced and the food is fucking delicious. 
I had the Hanger Steak and it was amazing.
You should make a reservation for outside sometime after sunset. On the patio you have a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.....been meaning to go here for several million years...all my friends love this place...and...it delivers...great breakfast-  Eggs Florentine most tasty...just dont get there too late on weekends as really gets packed...Such an adorned Parisian brassiere at the beautiful Paris Hotel, this little gem has prime time outdoor seating just across from the beautiful Bellagio water show. I think Mon Ami Gabi is a classic replica of a Parisian brassiere with patio dining being the most popular amongst visiting tourists. I wanted to be seated outdoors and we were lucky - yet unlucky at the same time - to be seated in what I thought was going to be a romantic luncheon was burdened by an annoying street magician.

[ t i p ] : arrive early for best seating!

H O U S E M A D E  C O U N T R Y  P ÂT È [ $7.95 ]
A well sized pâtè accompanied by cornichons, whole grain mustard, and warm country bread, I thought this dish was put together very well as a light early lunch. I like gamy pâtè and for those who are not fond of gamy flavour, the mustard had the right spice that can assist on sizzling the gamy-ness away.

I had some of my date's pomme frites and I thought they were great. They were not fried in duck fat, but still tasted great to me. 

If only they could ask the street magician to move to another location I'd be happy, but I think Mon Ami Gabi is just one of those restaurants that you 'must try' in Las Vegas at least once xThe food and service were good.

I'd recommend the french onion soup, chicken liver pate, and mushroom crepe.

Also, the view seating outside is nice because you get a good look at the Bellagio water fountain show.

Everything on the Las Vegas strip is priced relatively on the higher end, that being said, this place gives a good bang for buck.Mon Ami Gabi wasn't originally part of the plan during our 3 day Vegas jaunt. However, in killing time before meeting friends at the Palms our tummies let us know it was time to get some pre-drinking eats in. And lo and behold Mon Ami Gabi appeared out of the corner of the Paris Hotel & Casino lobby like a mirage. (Actually my buddy has been raving about this place since our arrival, but her sales pitch couldn't deter us away from other eateries such as N9NE.)

We arrived shortly after 10pm and was seated right away. We were offered our choice of indoor or outdoor sitting, but since it was Dec 28, we opted for inside and got a great view of the Bellagio.

Being our 2nd meal of the evening we ordered two appetizers and a glass of Rose and MAG's very own Pinot Noir (pretty damn good). 

The chicken liver mousse was good, especially when paired with the 'burgundy red wine mustard' which seemed to be regular Dijon mustard with a hint of red wine. My only issue with this dish is the pate to toast ratio. The pate slab was very generous compared to the accompanying 4 toast wedges. 

The frisée salad was what I was waiting for and was disappointed when the server came back to tell us they were all out of frisée. I didn't want any of the other salads on the menu so I asked him if they can substitute the frisee with arugula, endive or even mixed greens (something similar in nuttiness). When the dish arrived the croutons, bacon bits and poached egg were sitting a-top a mountain of romaine!!
Boo-hoo sadness!!!  But after a bite, the disappointment was gone. The dish was delicious and I just may ask to have the salad made with romaine for future visits. 

All in all a great dining experience. The Pinot was great, as with the savory food coupled with great company and the extraordinary view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  And might I add, a better dining experience than N9NE.While I was back in Vegas for a conference a small group of us decided to drop by and grab a meal.  It was about 8 pm and it was packed and a long line of people waiting to get in.  The hostess told us it would be 1.5 to 2 hrs....wow!  We could get seated right away if we sat outside....but it was raining off/on, so we'd have to take a chance.  I walked outside and they have umbrellas, so we took a chance and chose to get seated immediately.

Luckily for us it didn't rain while we dined...ha!  I ordered:

Filet Mignon Merlot - (w/Butter, Red Wine Reduction) $34.95
Macaroni Gratin - $6.95

....to wash it down, we ordered a bottle of Malbec for $58.

While we waited for our food, it rained a little bit.  However, with the umbrellas and patio space heaters, we were comfortable and dry.  It was actually kind of cool to sit outside on the Las Vegas Strip and watch the clouds pass overhead and rain on the city.  In the 20+ yrs I lived in Vegas, I never had an experience like that.  Having Wine during the rainfall was even better.

The food came out after a while and my Filet was cooked perfectly.  I ordered it Medium-Well with just a little "pink".  The Red Wine Reduction was heavenly and smooth on the palate.  The Mac Gratin was rich and complimented the Filet very well.

Overall, it was an awesome dining experience.  Don't know if I can replicate the ambiance and scenario.  The waiter was super cool and handled the weather/packed restaurant situation very well.

Return Factor - 100%When the weather is nice and I have guests from out of town, this is tops on my list for a quintessential way to start or end a weekend on the strip.  Although there is an option for online reservations on the yelp page, please note this is for indoor seating only.  If you want the outdoor patio seating, probably best to come in at least 30-60min prior to the desired time to get on the list (maybe earlier during peak brunch hours on the weekend).  

Having dined for lunch inside and outside, the patio seating wins hands down by all accounts.  The lighting inside is great for a romantic evening dinner, but a bit too drab if you're trying to catch up with friends.  None of the lunch items blew me away, but the breakfast items were fairly solid and beautifully plated.  I would recommend any of the following best enjoyed with cup of coffee while facing the Bellagio fountains and observing the parade of characters lining Las Vegas Blvd.  

1.  Blueberry waffles:  with a crisp exterior and pillowy soft interior, the belgian waffle is topped with fresh blueberries along with warm blueberry sauce and freshly whipped cream.

2. Lemon pancakes: served with fresh strawberries and whipped cream over what is essentially a large French-style crepe with perfectly crisped edges and light as a feather, be sure to add a squeeze of fresh lemon before digging in.

3. Seafood crepe: if you're lucky enough to be there on a day featuring this special, do not pass it up.  Large jumbo shrimp and scallops served atop a warm crispy crepe and topped with a creamy buttery white wine sauce served alongside fresh frisee and herbs.

Servers were attentive and very hospitable in snapping photos, which your visiting friends will be sure to request!I've been here twice, and both times blew my mind.  Ok...the first time was for my brother's bachelor party.  We can't talk about what went down...I might get some people in trouble...but the steak I had was amazing.  It had some kind of dijon sauce...sooooo good.!!!!  Anyways...they treated our party of 15 like royalty and I was very pleased that I chose them as the place to take my bro for that special night.  
I also went there for lunch about a week ago, and had the ahi tuna burger...it was ridiculously good...everything about it...oh yeah...and Holly Madison was sitting right next to us the whole time...kinda cool...but whatever...the service has been very good every time...if you're in Vegas...go here...Oh yeah...and the view of the Bellagio fountains is pretty awesome too...This place was exceptional! We sat in the patio and saw the Bellagio foundations as we ate. Our server was great, the atmosphere was nice and the food was amazing!The ambience was exactly what I wanted to experience from Mon Ami Gabi.  Oh so very french!  Ooh La La... (not the Vegas kind of ooh la la...)!  

I recommend making reservations.  There was quite a line when we arrived and I was very glad we had made reservations in advance. Keep in mind that they do not accept reservations for the outside patio though.  That is strictly first come, first serve.  When you do arrive, make sure you're with your complete party.  They won't seat you unless everyone is there.  

The coffee was good... the Bellini was better.  ;)  They have a Bloody Mary Bar that I will probably try next time.  

The quiche was just okay... I've had much better elsewhere.  My husband got the Blueberry French Toast, and that was absolutely MAGNIFICENT!!!!!  Another in our party got the ham and cheese crepes and apparently they were very good, because he wouldn't even let me have a bite.  

All in all a great Brunch experience that I'd totally do again.(+) Steak fries. Like seriously, it's a steakhouse at heart; don't get anything else. Pick your favorite variant.

(-) Anything else. Disappointing seafood crepe or other disappointing appetizer, take your pick.

As always, don't go at rush hours or expect slow service. There's a huge amount of seating but the kitchen can only cook so fast and the waitstaff are limited. We went at 3pm and it was great.I attended a vendor event here and I must say that the food was excellent!  There were mini quiches, shrimp cocktail, and other assorted tapas type items that were awesome.  Then they brought out the desserts.  Gah!!  Like a pig I scarfed down three of those damn creme brulees.  YUM!  Our servers were also awesome and super cool.Went in for lunch on a weekend. The chicken and brie sandwich from the lunch menu was good, but the corned beef and hash from the brunch menu was so-so. I liked the baguette.Classy yet affordable, Mon Ami Gabi located in the Paris Hotel is an absolute gem.  

Ordered the Steak Frites, and I wasn't disappointed.This place does not disappoint. Came back again for a birthday dinner and it's still super yummmThis place had really good reviews and the weather was beautiful Saturday morning so I wanted to eat somewhere outside. The outside dining area looked really nice so we decided on this place which is actually at the Paris hotel. We arrived at 10:30am, breakfast was ending at 11am, and the wait  for the patio was about 45 minutes. The seating inside was right away so we had no choice but to sit inside to catch breakfast. I was really pissed about it, especially because we got seated in some back corner behind other tables, practically behind some drapes. But the food was really good, a little expensive but hey, it is Las Vegas. The server was great and I hope to come back, but wake up early enough to get patio seating!We had reservations for dinner at Mon Ami Gabi this past Saturday, Sept 15th. We got there, were seated promptly and we got started from there. We ordered some wine...yadda yadda yadda - ON TO THE STEAK! I ordered the sirloin and it was simply delicious. It was very tender and juicy. I wasn't much of a fan of the fries (con frites?). They tasted like potato chips in the shape of french fries. I was expecting steak fries but that's my mistake and I won't ding Mon Ami Gabi for it. The mac n cheese was also fantastic. 

The only knock against the place was that our waiter, while attentive, seemed pushy at times. We decided to order a round of shots for the guys - we wanted to just get the cheap stuff and he kept trying to upsell us to Patron shots for about $4 more per shot. We eventually gave in and did the Patron shots but would've preferred that he not try to be a salesman. All is well though because he hooked us up with another shot. 

All in all, this place is great if you're looking for an affordable, fancy dinner spot in Vegas. If you're lucky enough, you can get a table outside that comes with a view of the Bellagio fountains. For 7 people, including 2 bottles of wine, a round of shots, appetizers, entrees and dessert, it came out to $580 or $82/person. Not bad for Vegas!Food is amazing. The best French restaurant I have so far in Las Vegas . Service is excellent .My dad and I ate here every morning last week (4 days in a row) as it was that good!  We weren't even staying at Paris.  The egg, ham and cheese crepe is one of the best things I've ever tasted.  Since we were there at opening at 7 am each day, we had a patio seat with a Bellagio view.  Really awesome choice for anyone who loves a good breakfast.  Prices were good too.This place is great.  
I honestly have nothing bad to say about it. 
Service: A-   Just a bit slow but no biggie
Food A+. I had their hamburger and my wife has eggs Benedict.  WOW!
Place A.  If you sit outside, you have a great view of Bellagio water show. 
Try this place, you won't regret itWow. You've got to eat here. It's delicious. 

My bf & I were on vacation during Halloween week. I've been hearing good things about this place and decided to try it out. It's was rather a warm hot day around 1pm. We were thinking about sitting outside but opted to eat inside where it's cooler and not so bright (temperature wise). We were seated right away by the window since a lot of people like sitting outside. 

The prices are reasonable and service was excellent here. I was surprised they give you a full french baguette in a bag. It's about 11-12 inch. That's too much but thanks anyway. It wasn't sliced. Served warm. Bread was ok but not the best. 

Ordered a glass of frangria...for $5.50?! Yessss! Was slightly strong just how I like it. I heard the Seafood crepe was better but I ordered the chicken, brocolli & swiss crepe instead. It was good! The crepe wasn't soggy. It was cheezy and the right amount of chicken pieces and brocolli. Came with a tiny side of salad which is also good. Love the light vinagrette dressing on the salad.

My boyfriend ordered the fruit salad bowl and french toast. Oh my, the french toast tastes so buttery delicious good!! My bf & I both agree it's one of the best french toast ever!!! You've got to try it!! It wasn't on the daily weekday menu because they only serve it during weekends for brunch. The waiter was able to get it for us from the chef. Thought that was nice. 

Would definitely come back again on our next Vegas trip!Our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas and we're locals. The Paris is just the right place for a French Bistro and it's right across from the Bellagio fountains. 

Had a great Steak Poivre & Frites and Chicken Paillard. Both very tasty. The escargot appetizer was classic in garlic butter. 

A lady has a medical episode a table away from us as they were leaving and collapsed on the floor. They attended to her promptly without any incident. Kudos for helping her out for as long as it took. 

We always go to Mon Ami Gabi for important occasions as well as everyday dinners. Always good and always fun.Location location location.   Awesome review of the Bellagio fountain show. The scallops were awesome but the onion soup was a ill different from what we were used to so we sent that back.Hi all, the whole experience was fantastic! I made my reservation using yelp. The food (seafood and french style steak frites) was 5 stars! The wait staff was very attentive to our needs, 5 stars.  Dessert and coffee was 5 stars!This is really the best place for a great steak and atmosphere for the money.  If you sit outside, you get a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains.  The filet is amazing, drinks are great.  My favorite is the rib eye with Bearnaise sauce.  Great place to hang out with friends or a nice date.Cute place to catch a lunch outdoor on the patio. Great and fast service. Our Washington dozen oysters were large, fresh and very good. My favorite however was the Salmon Tartare. Absolutely delicious. The mixture of ingredients were so balanced and full of flavors! Our grilled cheese sandwich and Croque Monsieur were tasty as well. Got to come back for the steak and frites!Mon Ami Gabi was a bit expensive- maybe more expensive than the food warranted.  BUT the food really was yummy and definitely worth it since we were celebrating a special bachelorette party weekend.  Unlike many French restaurants, the portions were decent as well. They weren't what us Americans consider large but realistically, I think the portions were perfectly appropriate.  The food was delicious, just not as unique I would have expected from a French restaurant- but maybe their options are broader for dinner (we went for brunch).  The service was absolutely perfect!  Our server (who was clearly French) was friendly and checked up on us regularly (our water glasses were never empty) but he never felt invasive either.  He was polite and direct, and overall it was the best place we ate all weekend- comfortable and casual, yet classy and non-invasive.  I would definitely recommend Mon Ami Gabi for a special night out.Birthday Vegas Trip: 4/3 - 4/9, 2013
One of my favorite meals of the trip!  

We found ourselves one morning up with the sun and full of energy.  So after a quick peruse of Yelp, we decided to walk over to The Paris and try this place for a nice early breakfast.  We were seated out front with a lovely view of The Strip - a nice mix of fellow early risers, joggers, people off to work, and a few lost souls who had never made it home the night before!  Needless to say, excellent people watching out on the porch.

Our waiter was FABULOUS and I am kicking myself for forgetting his name.  Super handsome man, too ;)  His presentation of the specials convinced me to get a special Eggs Benedict with spinach and mushrooms.  My fiancé chose French Onion Soup and a croissant.  Because, as our waiter so eloquently put it "You're in Vegas, you can do whatever you want!"  French Onion Soup at 7 am?! Why not!  Paired with a Bellini for me and a Chimay for fiancé, it was a truly delicious breakfast.  

Highly recommended for breakfast!They have a great selection for Gluten Free options that don't make you weird about eating gluten free!!! 

Usually I have to stare at the bread basket as others dig in, but they even brought me my very own GFree bread, I was so excited! This is what put them over the top for me.

The food is fresh and delicious and I usually take tourists there at least once. You can't beat the view.Service is great, though they do try to sell you on their app, they are attentive and pretty awesome. Food is decent as well, thought the texture of the quiche Lorraine was a little too soft (just a personal preference, food textures are something I'm picky about). The corned beef hash is on point though!  Also, I ordered a side of hollandaise and that was delicious!We had lunch on Friday. There was no wait, sat inside, but we had really good seat indoors facing the Bellagio fountains. We started with a warm baguette and a French onion soup. I had the salmon and the bf got steak frites with bordelaise sauce. All the food was really good. The only thing I didn't like was you had to leave the restaurant to get to the bathroom. The bathroom is located in the casino. However, for the food, it still gets 5 stars.Took  the girl there for dinner, nice outdoor seating. No Reservations for the outside patio so there is a wait to get outside if its busy. 

The Hanger Steak is the best!Came here early on a reservation and we asked for indoors to avoid the excessive heat outside. Great view of the Strip and the fountains across the street. We had egg white omelette, breakfast trio, egg, bacon and cheese crepe (my favorite), bananas foster waffles and they were great and flavorful. Server was very attentive and helpful. What a great day to start a day and can't wait for our next visit.Wonderful place to grab lunch! It had a relaxing and comfortable atmosphere and the food was amazing. I got the duck confit which was an appetizer although it was still pretty large. They also have delicious bread in the beginning!A delight. Excellent food and serve.  We ordered GF and our waitress was respectful, informed and, helpful. We had GF eggs Benedict with smoked salmon served on chick pea patties, gf blueberry french toast topped with blueberries and, a perfect cup of coffee. First time I've dined gf where I felt respected and that I could eat what everyone else was having. Definately go. Reservations are a good idea.There's a nice evening breeze, you can hear Andrea Boccelli from across the street with a view of the Bellagio fountains, you look around and the Parisian bistro atmosphere is palpable. You're sitting on the Mon Ami Gabi patio, a Las Vegas staple.

I've been here so many times and at different times of day. For lunch, for dinner, and even a linner. It's the perfect place for a romantic dinner with your boyfriend, with your girlfriends or even your family. Most recently, I came here for a steak dinner and had the ribeye with mashed potatoes. I think that badboy was probably 22oz and I still wiped my plate CLEAN. It was cooked perfectly and the mashed potatoes are more on the creamy, runny side which I adore!

The service was impeccable. Our waiter happened to be French, which added to the French ambiance. Throw in a guy on a Vespa with a couple baguettes in his basket and you're in Paris, my friends!My fiance and I came here based on a recommendation from friends that had just visited this summer.  This place isn't THEE finest restaurant in all of Las Vegas, considering our entire experience on the whole, giving it any less than 5Stars would have been unjust (and in comparison to restaurants considered "fine dining" this totally blew a lot of them away)

First, our wait. My fiance and I made 8pm reservations and still had to wait about 45min-1hr for our requested patio seating.  We didn't mind at all though- it was expected and I did my homework before making any reservations on the strip anyway.  We hung at the bar facing the Bellagio and just talked.  Fiance had a great IPA beer and the bartender kept my water glass full.

We were then seated at a nice sized table on the patio, originally set for 4guests, so we weren't crammed onto a small table that barely fit 2 plates.  However, there was a big umbrella blocking our view of the water show at the Ballagio, so I asked our maitre'd  if we could hop to the next table that just paid their check and left- he was more than happy to accommodate that, and we just moved over a table.  We now had the perfect, most romantic view.  Our waitress (and even the waiter in the next section over to us) were so highly accommodating, friendly, helpful with menu choices and info, and so attentive.  

We ordered the mussels as an appetizer, which weren't typically my style- I always prefer a clear broth or marinara style of mussels, but Mon Ami Gabi is a french flair cuisine , so "when in Rome" (er' France...) I'll do as the Romans (French) do, and eat them in a creamy buttery sauce. I still enjoyed them, just not my top preference. The mussels came were accompanied by fresh fried "frites" (fries) that were excellent, as my fiance was soaking up all the residual cream sauce with the french bread and fries.

We then ordered steaks as our entree.  I ordered a simple sirloin steak with some minor requests and they were all met to my expectations.  My fiance had the porterhouse, charred on the outside and medium on the in.  All came with "frites" and the taste, portions and price were all excellent and totally fair.  Couldn't be happier and can't even wait to return! We definitely recommend it!Yeah, I know it's owned by a mega-restaurant group. Hell, I used to work for Lettuce Entertain You. And, yeah, there are 4 of these restaurants spread out across the country. But, dammit, as much as I wanted to have a problem with this place, I just don't.

My meal was fantastic. I went with a classic Steak au Poivre, and it was absolutely delicious. Now, yeah, there is a better one out there, but for the price (expensive but reasonably so), this one is hard to beat.

Plus, when you include the surroundings, this is a real winner.

Definitely call ahead for reservations, or you'll be hungry for longer than you'd like to be.

Generally, I'm pretty hard to please when it comes to chains, but Mon Ami Gabi is definitely a winner.Was in Vegas for my birthday and decided to eat at Mon Ami Gabi after seeing it on Yelp!  I was not disappointed to say the least.  We arrived a tad late for our reservation but we were seated immediately not always the case in vegas on Friday night.  Despite everyone saying we "had" to sit on the patio and watch the fountains the idea of watching sweaty drunks walking bye was not appealing so we opted instead for a table inside.  Inside the restaurant Mon Ami Gabi has some how managed to offer intimacy within the constant noise that is vegas, a quality I enjoyed.  I had a perfectly done Rib eye steak and veggies, I know its boring but I'm on a special diet.  My wife had the fillet which she raved about.  Overall Mon Ami Gabi offers Gourmet food for a modest amount a must if you re in Las Vegas.  And dont forget breakfast its awesome one word: MimosaBeautiful place. Steak is great! Outside sitting and amazing views of the Bellagio fountains. Service is top notch and the vibe is perfect for a romantic outing.Totally unexpected  -  had a great breakfast here outside, overlooking the strip.

Service very good; interior decor unexpectedly large and awesome; food was *great* - they really nailed it, in fact.  One of the best renditions of French Onion Soup I've ever tasted anywhere, and the coffee was Intelligentsia (also Chicago - just like Lettuce Entertain You that owns Mon Ami Gabi) - which is unexpectedly great coffee in the center of The Strip.

Prices are *extremely* reasonable given the location.

Re: the other reviews - Yes, I love the fancy steakhouses too - this doesn't try to be them - but the food is well-executed and head and shoulders above Denny's or IHOP. :)  No, nobody is going to confuse this with actually being in Paris...

Really looking forward to going back for Dinner on my next trip.Great food. Had the filet with merlot butter. Excellent steak with good frittes. Recommended strongly.This restaurant has a great view and patio seating. The filet mignon was excellent.A nice French restaurant at the Paris resort.  My friends and I went there for brunch during our weekend in Vegas and were completely satisfied with everything.

What initially peaked our interest was the bloody mary bar.  Two of my friends partook and went and created their own bloody maries.  When you arrive, they provide baguettes in the paper bags you would receive if you bought them at a boulangerie in France.  

I had a croque monsieur with fries and a mimosa.  The sandwich was good and so was the mimosa.  The fries were unique.  They were cut very thin.  My friends ordered other sandwiches and salads and everyone was very happy with their meal.  

We sat outside b/c it was a beautiful, sunny afternoon.  The staff let us linger at the table for two hours as we ate, drank and laughed.  Since Paris is across the street from the Bellagio, we were able to witness the musical fountain shows every 1/2 an hour.  It made us laugh to watch the fountains soar into the sky to the voice of Celine Dion.  

Great food, friendly staff, good drinks.  Would return when in the mood for French food.Service was excellent. French bread was warm and crusty. Ambiance was light filled and lively for a Sunday lunch. Bloody Mary bar was nice option as well.I haven't been to Vegas in years and with so many places to try, I kept remembering that this place is one that I see most of my friends check into at least once each trip.  Mon Ami Gabi was actually our last stop before heading home and I'm glad we fit it in.  We asked for an inside table for a late breakfast as it was hot and I wasn't feeling being on the outside to people and fountain watch (which wasn't happening anyway since it was daytime).  Luckily they sat us "inside" on the edge of the patio seating so we still got a decent view of both the outside and the inside, with air conditioning keeping us cool.  

The crepes are amazing here.  I enjoyed the chicken, brie and apple crepe while my husband enjoyed the egg, bacon and cheese one.  The kids decided to go with the steak and eggs and a croque monsieur.  We all pretty much licked our plates clean.  One thing I noticed is that they do potatoes here really well.  The hash browns and the pommes frites were excellent.  Afterwards, we shared a couple dessert crepes, a strawberry one and a banana fosters one.  I would definitely order the banana fosters again.  The caramel on it was delicious.  

Service was amazing and the people watching is on point.  I will definitely add this place to my rotation next time I visit, which I hope will be sooner rather than later.  Their dinner menu has some great selections at reasonable prices, which helps since I didn't do well in the casinos this go around.  

Bon appétit!When the weather permits, meaning no rain, gusty winds, or over bearing dry desert heat, the patio is the spot to be. We had reservations for noon but because we wanted to sit on the patio, it took an extra 15 minutes or so for a table. I highly suggest waiting for it though. It's a perfect place to rock them loccs or douche bag sunglasses while people watching and enjoying the water show across the way at Bellagio.

I had the French Toast ($11) which was topped with whipped cream and blueberries. Man was this entree' dank! The French Toast was made to perfection and the blueberries definitely complimented it. I may have to go out on a limb here and say it's one of the best French Toasts I have ever grubbed on.

I also sampled the Jumbo Crab Cakes ($15) which I thought was very rich but still very well made. It's not an over whelming dish. Perhaps sharing it as an appetizer would be a good idea.

I didn't sample my other table mate's dishes but I can say that everyone in my party had positive reviews. All of us agreed that everything we ordered was awesome. No complaints on that day.

With all the many years I have been coming to Sin City, I can't believe I have barely experienced Mon Ami Gabi for the first time. I feel somewhat shameful. I've seriously been missing out on some great and affordable French food. I can't comment on their dinner yet but perhaps next time under them city lights. 

Au Revoir!Ordered the following, all of which were delicious: 
Poached egg, kale and bacon salad 
Baked Brie with garlic and honey 
Salmon and quinoa 
Chicken pâté 

I've always loved this restaurant when i lived in Vegas, but I think it's become my favorite one especially because they are gluten free friendly. They have a gluten free menu and are also able to modify recipes to be gluten free! 

Everything was tasty. My family even had food off the gluten free menu and they couldn't tell the difference! The gluten free menu comes with gluten free bread, butter, and olives to start. 

I'm definitely eating here each time I come to Vegas!LUNCH - Mon Ami Gabi has pretty tasty food accompanied by a relaxing atmosphere. If you sit outside, you can spy on the streams of tourists passing by and watch (but not hear) the fountains of the Bellagio hotel across the street. Inside are darker rooms as well as a brightly lit atrium type room which lets in light but not so much the weather. 

Onion soup - very deep flavor; not a very thick broth, but not light. There is plenty of delicious Gruyre cheese on top and some onions in the soup. 

Lobster bisque w/ orzo - a waiter brings a bowl with a few tiny chunks of lobster and 1/5 cup of orzo rice. Then he pours the lobster bisque out of a little pitcher. The lobster bisque has a slight seafood-y taste but I found it bearable. The bisque is also a little spicy which I really liked! 

Sauted Spinach & Brie Crpe - a pretty large crepe with lots of brie and very fresh spinach. The crepe skin was a little dry and bland, but the brie and spinach made it better. The crepe also comes with a small side salad on the plate. 

Classic Quiche Lorraine,  with bacon - the BEST quiche I've had anywhere. It's creamy and eggy and the crust is tender and buttery. The Quiche Lorraine also comes with sweet, caramelized onions scattered throughout the quiche and lends a nice contrast to the salty elements. 

Vegetable Quiche - same delicious eggy center and tender crust and contains spinach and mushrooms rather than bacon and onions. Liked the textures, but thought it wasn't as flavorful as the Quiche Lorraine. 

Chicken & Brie Sandwich, caramelized onion and apple - this sandwich came on a soft ciabatta roll. The flavors were light but complemented each other well. The brie was mild and was delicious with the onions and the apples. The sweetness of the apples and onions paired well with the relatively tender chicken breast. Also came with a huge side order of Mon Ami's thin, crispy frites. I still personally prefer my steak fries, but fans of crispy fries should like the frites. Only problem was that some seemed to have been sitting around for a while.We have eaten breakfast here for years.  They always deliver great food and service. We will be back.The place is packed morning, noon and night for a reason - it's amazing! Great breakfast, speedy service and great ambiance. The waffles my fiancee had were 'the best he's ever eaten' as per him. I had a turkey and egg white omelet which was great as well.Excellent steaks served with very tasty fries.  Desserts are to die for.  Wonderful wine list.  Location is great.  We had a fantastic waitress.After reading others reviews about the steak frites and location we decided to give it a try. It has a great location where you can watch bellagios fountain show If seated on patio. We were seated quickly and orders taken quickly. The baguette and butter is really good although we would've loved french cultured butter for the bread but it was still good. We had the country pate for appetizer which was a healthy portion size with onions and cornichones and toast yummy. For mains we ordered steak frites which was well cooked,a nice portion and tasty, hubby had moules which he said was very tasty with lots of sauce, og portion as well. Overall a nice experience we would return as the servers were attentive and food flavorful and plentiful for price.Great bistro situated in an ideal spot with a perfect overview of the Bellagio fountain. At first I was concerned that it might be slightly pretentious, however that wasn't the case at all; the food was excellent on the whole and the staff were friendly, helpful & accommodating. More upscale than casual but no-one was made to feel uncomfortable.

I strolled in at around 4pm, hot after walking the length of the strip in 45°C heat. The staff greeted me with a smile and sat me at a table in the cool conservatory, near the end of the bar, looking out with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain & Las Vegas Blvd. Sat down to a nice beer, friendly service and (complimentary) freshly-baked bread before enjoying my meal. Not cheap but certainly not unreasonable for the quality, especially given the location.

I had the skate - perhaps not the smartest choice in the middle of the desert - which was very good but not the best I've had. I'll relish the opportunity to go back one day to try the steak frites & escargots.food is still great but I've definitely noticed the quality of the coffee has lowered...We went with what they are known for, their steak and frites. It was a good choice, they were awesome!  The food was tasty and service was fast. Tables were a little closer together than I am used to. At one point they brought out a little plate of unknowns. We shoveled it on bread then realized it was probably a palate cleanser haha!The food was of excellent quality, but sometimes lacked a little forethought. My daily special tuna was encrusted with way too much pepper. However, they have an excellent wine selection and fabulous waitstaff.Great service and great steaks! Ask to sit near outside, but not outside and you will not be disappointed! The bread and dipping oil was good! We had the steak marinated in red wine and it was a dream. Definitely recommend!Love this place for its excellent food, top notch service and prime location on the Strip. I have been here several times for breakfast, brunch and lunch and always enjoyed my meal. People watching is a distraction if you eat outside but well worth it. No, it is not Paris but it is in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower.

I am looking forward to my next visit.I really enjoy french cuisine. We had a table on the patio and enjoyed the water show across the street. If you eat here you must sit outside!!!We had tickets for a late show across the street at the Bellagio and it was a really busy convention week so our choices for places we could get into were limited.  Surprisingly we got in to Mon Ami Gabi with zero wait.  OUr waitress was nice and informative.   Everything came out really fast.  I had a steak and my wife got the short rib special.  Both were outstanding.  I didn't care for the fries, they were more like frenches potato straws or something like that so I would avoid those and get a different side next time but as someone that has to travel to Vegas often for business there will definitely be a next time.By far the best meal we had during our 3 days in sin city!  Mon Ami Gabi exceeded our expectations in every way possible.  Since I knew that we would be making a trip to Las Vegas, I yelped the highest rated restaurants on the strip and MAG came up in the top feed.  Coincidentally, the other half decided to make a dinner reservation for us there.  It had to be fate.  

Having passed by MAG a few times while walking on the strip, you truly get the vibe of a French Bistro with the outdoor seating and decor.  Once inside, it's quite romantic with dim lighting and charming ambiance.  We opted to sit inside since it was still upper 90 degree temperatures out on the patio.  They do have misters, but I think I prefer not to have my food misted.  Inside was perfect as we had our table for two set up in a more private corner, but still able to see the outdoor patio.  Our waiter, though professional, was a little dry in the beginning but warmed up a bit throughout service.  Our food came out with perfect timing.  Service was on point.  We were checked on periodically and our glasses were always filled.  

Being a sucker for any type of fresh baked bread, I pretty much ate the majority of the French baguette that was served with a carrot type slaw and butter.  I've never been to France before, so I'm not sure if they always serve their breads with this carrot slaw.  It reminded us of a Ban Mi and I suppose that's one way of French influence in Vietnamese cuisine?  Either way, that baguette was damn good and we had to refrain ourselves from having another when the waiter asked if we wanted more.  We didn't want to fill ourselves up with bread before dinner.  

The waiter was patient and let me try the pinot noir and cabernet from the rolling wine cart before settling on the bordeux ($11/glass).  They have an extensive wine list and lots of wonderful options listed as well as a fancy cocktail menu. 

The cooking and execution at MAG really shines.  Everything we ordered that was perfectly prepared, had delicious flavors and nice presentation.  Most impressive was that every single dish was a hit! 
-Mussels Mariniere ($12.95/half order):  By far the best mussels we have ever had!  The mussels were tender and just cooked to perfection.  Most times they are overcooked and somewhat chewy.  We thought we had the best mussels in NY's Flex Mussels but MAG really impressed.  The herb wine sauce was also so good we used the remaining french bread to sop it all up.  For a half order, generous portion and a great appetizer to start with. 
-Skate Wing ($25.95):  Being an adventurous eater, I wanted to give it a try since I've never had it before.  I must say, it was moist, tender and a flavorful white fish.  The way it was prepared was delicious - pan fried golden brown on the outside.  It was served on a bed of white asparagus and baby asparagus.  Veggies were fresh and blanched just right.  I asked for the Hollandaise sauce on the side since I normally think it's too thick and heavy.  However, the MAG Hollandaise was light and delicate (probably as it should be) and amazingly delicious!  Best Hollandaise vert we've ever had! 
-New York Strip ($37.95):  Wherever he goes, he must have his steak and frites.  The other half ordered it medium and it came out medium.  The steak was a good size and came with a huge pile or thinly hand cut fries.  I tried a piece of the steak and it was tender with simple flavors of garlic, salt and pepper.  The steak didn't even need the bordelaise sauce that it came with.  Fries weren't too greasy or salty.  
-Classic Profiteroles ($9.95):  My favorite dessert of all time!  Not too many places serve profiteroles, so whenever I see them on the menu I must order, no matter how stuffed I am. MAG profiteroles were also the best I've ever had.  They were decadent and sinful.  Three large pastry puffs with a scoop of vanilla ice cream sandwiched between each puff with double dark chocolate fudge drizzled on top - I was in heaven!!!  Highly highly recommend! 
Overall one of the best meals I've had from start to finish in a very long time.  Total tab was $135 for two.  Very reasonable prices, great value, spectacular dining experience without being pretentious, nice wait staff, excellent cooking and very enjoyable food!I went here for a team function on one of the evening's of my company's sales conference.  The place was a little crowded and dim but it was a festive and enjoyable experience.

The waiter was great and definitely made the experience better.  We shared 6 bottles of wine, 5 appetizers, and 3 salads.  I am not a big fan of pate, but you definitely have to try it here.  The Mon Ami Shrimp Gabi wasn't quite as good as advertised, but I loved the scallops.

One of the special's of the day was Beef Wellington, and basically I made up my mind right there.  Half of the group did the same.  The dish was in a nice wine reduction mushroom sauce and sauteed spinach.  The crust was flakey and the beef was melt-in-your-mouth tender.

The price was a bit steep, but hey it's Vegas.  I don't particularly like the Paris hotel and casion, but I'd definitely come to Mon Ami Gabi again.This is our go-to place for brunch in Vegas. Everything my husband and I have tried here is fabulous! The patio is beautiful and a great view of the Bellagio fountains.Love this place! Had breakfast twice on the same weekend. The food was really good. I had the ham and cheese crepe, delicious! My husband got the egg white and turkey omelet! He loved it. They do their own bread! Sat outside, highly recommend it!Started off our meal with the French Onion Soup and the Chicken Pate. The soup was delicious! Broth was admittedly a bit salty, but bites that got a bit of soaked baguette, onion, and gruyere were just divine! As for the pate, it was very smooth. Flavor was on point, but for the serving size of the pate, they definitely need to serve this with more than just 3 pieces of crusted toast. We actually had to use 2 additional housemade (warm!) baguettes to polish this dish off. And any extra baguette was readily demolished with the whipped butter.  

As for our entrees, we tried a variety.

I went with the special Duck L'orange which was a half duck soaked in orange juice and grand mariner then roasted and zested with orange. I found my duck to be incredibly juicy and tender. However, it was served with a side of gratin that I wasn't a fan of. I thought the gratin was way too salty and a little too rich to be served with the duck. I did add a side of sauteed garlic spinach that definitely made the dish more complete in my opinion. 

Mom and brother went with two varieties of steak frites. One Au Poivre and one Filet Mignon Merlot. Mom subbed her frites with green beans and also found this to be very refreshing and less heavy. Dad went with the Skate Wing which was presented beautifully. He really enjoyed this dish.

Came for an "early" dinner around 6pm without a reservation and was able to get a seat on the much desired patio without any wait! We were able to peek at/watch 4 Bellagio fountain shows during our stay...definitely a special experience at a wonderful restaurant. Additionally, our waiter Demetriu was very attentive and entertaining, making excellent suggestions and readily picked up on several service cues (bringing additional utensils for us to share, refilling out bread demolishing needs, etc)Definitely a Must-Eat Brunch location in Las Vegas.

Gosh, I love the fact that Mon Ami Gabi overlooks the Bellagio Fountains and has outdoor season that is really neat.

The wait times sucked, but oh well. 

We ordered the hanger steak (good) with thinly cut fries and the seared salmon. Really good food overall, wasn't blown away by the steak, but wasn't disappointed.

We LOVED the French Onion Soup. So cheesey and good. Also, loved the desserts of Banana Foster Crepes with Vanilla Ice Cream. Gosh, you can say that again. Loved the dessert of Banana Foster Crepes with Vanilla Ice Cream! 

Will come back! If I don't lose too much money!I have three words for Mon Ami Gabi: 1.) Perfect 2.) Perfect and 3.) Perfect.  This restaurant on the strip and inside the Paris Hotel & Casino is just perfect. From the extensive cocktail list, the extensive beer list to the assortment of cheeses to the menu of quality French food, you simply cannot lose! If you sit outside on the veranda there is great tourist/people watching and the weather is always sunny in Las Vegas. They also have a vast variety/selection of Bloody Mary's (they used to have a Sunday brunch Bloody Mary Bar).  It's the perfect place for the perfect lunch. Did I mention that it was perfect? Because...it is.I really liked it. I had the steak sandwich. The rest of my partly liked their food in general. The bread was good too.Damn good.  Pate - excellent.  Escargot - Yummy.  Beef Bourgenone - succulent.  Scallops - WOW!.  Atmosphere of a Parisian restaurant as well.  The fries looked very interesting but it'll have to wait until next time.  If you're tired of the usual Vegas steakhouse, try this out.  Oh, and no rush at all.  They let my date and I linger as long as we wanted.  Very nice.4.5 Stars

We took a spontaneous trip to Las Vegas Thanksgiving morning and ended up hungry inside Paris and found Mon Ami Gabi as we were walking out of the hotel. Being dinner time and being hungry a steakhouse sounded perfect so we decided to eat here. At first I was a little put off by the size of the place because this place was GIANT!!! Experience has taught me a big restaurant does not equal good food, but after passing by a few peoples tables my mind was quickly changing. We decided sit outside as the evening was gorgeous. The view we had was AWESOME!!! We sat along the strip with a view of the Bellagio. The Bellagio fountains provided an amazing show that was most enjoyable during our dinner. We were sitting on the inside patio, maybe ten feet from the street, and only heard 1 police car while we were sitting there. It was very quiet considering a heavy flow of traffic going down the Blvd. Just more of the magic of Las Vegas I suppose but we were very comfortable out there.

I had the Filet Mignon with garlic spinach, my fiancee had the steak bordelaise with mashed potatoes. We had escargot as an appetizer, just because we were in Las Vegas. Not having any experience with escargot, I wasnt sure what to expect, certainly the emerald green color was a surprise. They were heavy on the butter and garlic which is always a good thing!!! The texture was similar tender calamari and reminded me of a seafood dish.

My fiancees steak was delicious as was mine. They were cooked to perfection and melted in our mouth. Our only MINOR gripe was the potatoes were a bit bland, no big deal. The rest of the food was so flavorful its probably the only reason we noticed. Our waiter was prompt and courteous as was his assistant. We had a great time Mon Ami Gabi!Best corned beef hash and eggs I've ever had!! It's not your mama's canned corned beef. It was the real deal Holyfield!  This was "an exactly what I need after a fun night in Vegas" awesome breakfast!Being located right in front of the Bellagio fountain really boosts up the ambiance.   My friends and I went for a bachelorette brunch on a Saturday afternoon.  There was no wait and were seated right away in the patio area with reservations... Although they don't take reservations for that area.  YAY.  

We started off with the mussels in white wine sauce which was BOMB.  It wasn't as heavy and creamy as I expected it to be.  The sauce and mussels were cooked perfectly. 

BRUNCH:

The Corn Beef Hash with poached eggs was just okay.  Although my friend wasn't a fan, I thought it was okay.  Eggs Benedict was good but the muffin was extremely hard.  My friend's muffin was almost burnt.  Wonder if this is how it's usually served here.. Hashbrown was yummy but you can tell that they used a ton of butter..

The menu was reasonably priced (ESP the brunch menu).  I don't understand all the "overpriced" complaints here. The Banh Mi sandwhich was yummy and baguette used was surprisingly soft.   Frites were also good and you can taste that it was made from fresh potatoes.. But it was more on the harder & crispier side.  Are frites supposed to be served crispy??  I guess that's what I get for expecting french fries.   For some reason I thought it was the same thing.  

Service was a bit on the slow side as it was pretty packed in the restaurant.  But overall everything was great and I would definitely go back for brunch!Excellent service and atmosphere. Sat outside and enjoyed a view of the Bellagio fountains. Our waiter was terrific, funny and attentive. The food was wonderful. Steak was tender, sauce amazing. Dessert was lovely.Four stars for the best French Onion Soup ever!!!  The serving size is huge.  One star for the great service.  I liked the Vine Cart that was rolled around to give you a view of the bottle before purchasing a glass of wine.  Limited availability of mixed cocktails.  Two of us ordered steak and they were good but not outstanding.  We dined inside due to the 100 degree heat that day but the view on the patio would be outstanding.Lovely waitstaff, atmosphere and food! Best combination, the trout, wine and chocolate mousse was absolutely delicious. The crust in the open face trout had a perfect crunchy sear and still moist inside. Can't beat the view if the dancing Bellagio Fountains while enjoying the meal. When the weather is beautiful, this is the place to go!We were in Vegas on a cool October Saturday morning trying to find a spot for breakfast that wasn't Denny's or McDonald's.  We stumbled upon folks enjoying breakfast at a french-looking cafe at ... you guessed it, Paris Hotel.  We went in and were promptly seated just inside the bar area (not in the outside air, but close enough to feel the breeze and still enjoy a view of the strip).  We had great service from an extremely attentive waiter and an even better meal.  This is the kind of place where you order two eggs and they give you four, so be careful.  It was some of the best bacon I've ever tasted ... and enjoying a screwdriver made it even better.  There seemed to be no shortage of folks drinking alcoholic drinks at 10:00 in the morning (screwdrivers, mimosas, belinis, and bloody marys).  My wife had the belini and said it was the best one she'd ever had ... she's not with me while I write this review, but I believe it's pear juice and champagne.

Quick and Dirty review:

Atmosphere - Very relaxing and clean ... I'm willing to bet it's even better on a cool evening for dinner (especially with the lights of the strip and Bellagio fountain show going on)
Food - Excellent (good portions)
Service - Satisfactory (visible and attentive, but not so much where it gets annoying)

Summary - I could eat breakfast and/or dinner here every day of the week (I'm guessing lunch might get a little hot in Vegas).  I went there with my wife of 7 years, but for some reason it seems like a good first date spot ... probably because it's got a Paris cafe theme to it.I ordered the caramelized onion/ red wine sauce steak. Great portion, very juicy, tender, and cooked to perfection. Too bad my appetite wasn't too great after nights of alcohol binging. The side of crispy fries was very interesting. The ambiance was absolutely perfect for a cozy dinner with a signficant other/ friends/ family/ coworker etc. Classy and sophisticated. Definitely would come back here for a classy evening out.Great attention to service, excellent food and Gianna was wonderful and kind. The eggs Benedict are life changing.An absolutely fantastic place!

Me and three of my friends went here for a birthday dinner. It was extremely busy, we probably waited an hour for a table but it was totally worth it!

Our appetizer was the Brie cheese--incredible! We ordered the filet mignon with bleu cheese cream sauce, the sea scallops, the salmon, and the crabcake and everything was so amazing. Our server was great! He wasn't in your face all the time, but when he was, he was always helpful and doted on us as if we were high rollers with thousands of dollars to spend (we're 4 twentysomething girls with purses bought at Target). I cannot say enough good things about this place and for the money, it cannot be beat!Absolutely wonderful! So relaxing to visit a French bistro with a view of the Bellagio fountains. Lol! We went here for a romantic honeymoon lunch and it just so happened it was restaurant week. A little over  $20 a person got us a 3 course meal. Delicious probably the best meal I had in Vegas. We are FA SURE going to come back to Mon Ami Gabi when we return next year.I LOVE the oysters here! I celebrated my friend's birthday here with her family... her dad & I got oyster cray here and on that night a few years back I became dubbed "The Oyster Master".

P.S. Service was mah-velous dah-ling!Anytime I'm in Vegas I pick this place for breakfast. Such amazing food. 

Skip the buffet breakfast and get an amazing French style breakfast!Lunch review.  

Given the location, Gabi could charge more.  I'd be very happy, and very tempted, if Gabi were a local establishment.  

The quiche was amazingly fluffy; it's the best quiche I've had by an immeasurable margin.  The steak sandwich was juicy and flavorful, with Stilton, caramelized onions, and chive mayonnaise.  Most importantly, the beef was pronounced and tasty.

Service was sluggish, despite the relatively empty dining room. 

Highly recommended for lunch.  Better than anything I've had in Paris.Been coming here on every Vegas trip for the past 3 years.  This time ... Brian... wow.  Not kidding he rocked my universe.  His charisma and charm are unmatched.

Never had a bad experience here, the food is delectable, and who could pass up on the Bloody Mary Bar... it's build your own!
I feel like a bartender!

Everything on the menu is delicious! I've only come for breakfast, so I can only say that the steak and eggs is my favorite, but I won't discriminate the crepes, the quiche, the warm breads with the sweet spreads and nutella.  
It is reminiscent of a Parisian Cafe.  

A must for any Vegas Visitor!Great place to have dinner at. Great ambiance, awesome food, good service, and reasonable prices. We always have dinner here when in Vegas. Escargot to die for and our fave entrees: the filet mignon and the caramelized scallops. I've been coming here for 7 years...Will keep coming back. This place never disappoints. Bon appetit!The steak with the peppercorn sauce was really good! Expect an expensive meal, but that's pretty standard for Vegas. They were out of a few things as we were there during one of many conventions, so we missed out on the bread pudding. But the scallop appetizer was tasty (if small), and the chocolate tart was delicious! I'd definitely go back for the steak - it was yummy!Good filet mignon and scallops. Wait staff and ambiance is wonderful. The sirloin was a bit chewy, but they gave us another one right away that was cooked perfect. Great service!From the moment we entered the door, to the moment we walked out the door, we were amazed with such attention to individualized, perfected, immaculate guest service.  The host, I don't have her name, she was such beautful star with a shining smile to greet and seat us.  Sarah, was our server, she made great recommendations to suit my tastes and even paired wines for our 3 coursed meal.  She was well educated on the menus, and spoke with passion and confidence about the eats and drinks at Mon Ami Gabi and services provided throughout the rest of the property!  She seems like a very smart lady.  She was on point at every turn, and the rest of the establishment was running like a well-oiled machine.  The management team was seen throughout, talking with patrons, and making their figure 8's through the restaurant.  This place really knows how to anticipate a guest's needs and is fine tuned with it's tempo, service, and quality.  Kudos to the chef, management team, and thank you mostly, to Sarah, the best server I have ever had in Las Vegas! Keep up the good work!!!We were lucky and got a patio table with view of the Ballagio fountain show. The food was awesome. Our waiter was nice and knowledgeable about the menu.I got the mussels with a side of green beans. It was one of the better quality meals I had on the strip but like everything else, prices are a bit inflated for what you get. Other reviews here mention prices that are lower than reality. Check the menu before you go.I'm waffling on this one (Ha! Get it?...it's 'cause...it's 'cause they serve waffles here...).  My fiancee and I went here twice in the same weekend, and the two visits could not have polarized me more on this place.

The first time was for breakfast with a large group.  We were seated on the patio, but not at a table with a good view of the Bellagio fountain (which is fine by me, because I really have no interest watching water squirt in the air while I'm eating).  It was either due to the promise of 18% gratuity or in spite of that fact that throughout the entire meal we got excellent service.  The food did take a while to come out, but I chalked that up to the large group.

That meal I got the Quiche Lorraine...and oh dear was that a surprise.  I don't typically like quiche, as my fiancee can attest to (she was surprised I ordered it to begin with), but there was something special about this one.  The flavor was just amazing, and it was nice and soft and moist on the inside, despite looking burnt on the outside.  My better half got a croissant breakfast sandwich, which wasn't bad but I didn't really think it was anything special.

So naturally after a good experience we came back a second morning...and we should have just left well enough alone.  The food was good: she got a repeat of the quiche which she said wasn't as good though I thought the quality didn't dip that much; I got the steak classique and french onion soup, both of which I enjoyed (although it wasn't my favorite cut of steak, but I realize that cut could be standard for French cuisine, I don't really know).

The problem was the service...or lack thereof.  Our server was inattentive at best, and most of the time it felt like he considered us a bother more than a customer (we aren't annoying, finger-snapping snobs, I swear).  Whenever we asked for a refill on water or iced tea his response was a curt "sure"...not a friendly "sure", a "sure" that made it sound like we interrupted his day.  I know I'm coming across as snooty and paranoid, but it really was quite bad.  Half the time he spent standing directly behind our table, chatting up another server, ignoring us and the table next to us in the process.  And again, he wasn't busy with other guests, we knew where he was, which was neglecting his job.

The four stars is for the first visit, because I will give this place the benefit of the doubt.  Don't let one bad apple spoil the bunch, as they say...people say that, right?  I may come back one day, though it will be with a wary disposition, which is not a light any restaurant should cast over itself.There is not a better place to dine alfresco on the strip. All the hustle and bustle of the strip for your viewing pleasure and you can see the Bellagio fountain across the street.  Definitely ask to sit on the patio or atrium.  Only in Vegas could they air condition the outside patio!

The food and ambiance are 5 stars, service can be spotty at times but never bad. 
 
The Steak Frites is to die for. The salads are super fresh and delicious and the onion soup is out of this world. 

This is the kind of place that you can bring kids and not feel out of place wearing shorts and a t-shirt but still get 5 star food and ambiance.Mon Ami Gabi is a cute French restaurant located in the Paris Resort and Casino. I came here with a group of my girlfriends for lunch. I was a little wary about the restaurant because whenever I hear "French food" I immediately think expensive. Thankfully, the prices at Mon Ami Gabi were very reasonable.

I ordered the Seafood Crepe (~$14), and it is HEAVENLY. If you love seafood like me, it's an absolute must. The scallops were seared perfectly, the shrimp was perfect, the peas were a perfect addition to the plate -- the dish was perfectly perfect. My friend and I shared the crepe and got full off of that. We were originally going to go to the Bellagio Buffet a few hours after, but decided to save that for another day because Mon Ami Gabi got us stuffed!

Service was very accommodating. We had two guests that came later than we did, and they had no problem with adding them to our table. Water glasses were always filled, bread was always served, and our entrees didn't take too long to wait for. I'd definitely come back again.IKEA style build it yourself Bloody Mary's! 

Choose your vodka and make your own Bloody Mary in a bar stocked with tomato juice, different hot sauces, Worcestershire sauce, celery sticks, meat sticks, olives and other goodies.

The brunch menu had a lot of good options and the service was great, especially after that Bloody Mary!

We had the Salmon Benedict and an omelette from the menu as well as the Bison Benedict that was on special. All were delicious, especially after that Bloody Mary! 

It might've been a little pricey but that's to be expected from a french place with a patio directly above the strip so it was totally worth it, especially after that Bloody Mary!Accessibility (Parking / Wait Time)

1/1 Star: no wait if you eat at the bar. 

_____

Service (Waiter / Cleanness / Ambiance)

1/1 Star: normal service. Clean. 

_____

Taste (0=Not Edible / 1=Edible / 2=Good (average) / 3=Must Try!)

2/3 Stars: the food was good. 

_____

Overall Experience

4/5 Stars 

_____

Last Words

Earth Hour = no lights for 1 hour.ATTENTIVE service.  With a reservation, we waited 30 minutes for a patio seat.  To be fair we knew we could not request the patio until we checked in.  Worth the wait.  We were less than pleased with the live busker "entertainment" coming from the sidewalk along the strip.  City of Las Vegas should regulate gypsy entertainers whose lack of talent they try to compensate for auto tuning and ridiculous volume!  

Back to the service.  Without asking, we were offered a shady and much quieter table!  Very much appreciated!!  Food was excellent.  Staff anticipated our needs, was efficient and not intrusive.

We'll be back!!!Breakfast here was my first meal in Vegas. The view is amazing if you can score a seat on the terrace but even if you can't the food makes up for it. I am a huge fan of kir royales and eggs Benedict for brunch. It's practically impossible to get an real kir royale (made with creme de cassis) in Hawaii, so of course I had to order it when I saw it on the menu at Mon Ami Gabi. It was perfection. I also ordered the smoked salmon eggs Benedict which was amazing. Hollandaise sauce was creamy and rich but not salty. (If I could put hollandaise sauce on everything I would) The English muffin was a tad on the chewy side but no complaints from me. My friend had the strawberry waffles which she liked, and the portion size was perfect. We weren't too stuffed but felt satisfied.Mon Ami Gabi is located in Paris hotel (visible on the Vegas strip).  I've passed by it numerous times but never gotten a chance to try it until my friend hosted my Bridal Shower Brunch here.  

We were seated on the patio which had an atrium feel.  It was very romantic.  With our large party, our server was so on task and efficient.  He  was probably the best server I've ever had-- incredibly attentive and nice.  

I decided to order my go to dish- Eggs Benedict.  There is nothing better than breaking that yolk into the hollandaise sauce and soaking it up with the English muffin and ham.  I had to deduct a star because my English muffin was hard as a rock.  It was probably sitting on the hot plate for too long and got stale as it was waiting.  Other than that, the poached egg and sauce was great.  

I also tried my friend's savory crepe and skinny pancakes.  They were both very good.  

The entire restaurant was so nice and accommodating to our party.  It probably helps that you were going to be a bride very soon.  But nonetheless, I really enjoyed the food, ambiance, and company.The wait for the Eiffel Tower Restaurant was very long, and we were starving, so we opted for Mon Ami Gabi--which was a great choice. The food was pretty good and we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains during dinner. We'd definitely come back.I love this place!  This is one of my favorite restaurants.  I try to have dinner here whenever I'm in Vegas.

The patio is one of the best on on the strip, right across from the Bellagio fountains.  The interior is dark, but very inviting.

The steak frites are excellent.

This is a great place to go for a romantic dinner or even a night out with the guys/girls.When in Vegas, it really is all about the food for me. I was looking for a good brunch place that was close to my hotel since it happened to be pouring rain that day. I came across this restaurant for brunch and was very pleased. 

I opted for a smoked salmon eggs benedict with a mimosa. It was amazing!..and served with excellent hash browns too. Their customer service was also great. I would definitely come back here!I've heard so many good things about this place that I had to come see what all the jazz was about. I'm so happy to say that everyone was absolutely right! This place IS amazing! I don't have many comments on the restaurant itself other than it's nice to sit outside with the light water spray (?) to keep you cool. 

I ordered the Seafood Crepe. If you like seafood, you can't go wrong with this dish!! SO DELICIOUS. Probably the best crepe I've ever had. The crepe is filled with a white seafood wine cream (i made that up, but that's what it tasted like to me!) with green peas and topped with jumbo shrimp and scallop. You might find it a little salty, but I like salty so no problems there! It's so filling! But I finished it because my mouth just couldn't stop..

I also ordered the frites since everyone kept raving about them. If you know me, then you know I have this unhealthy (really unhealthy) relationship with fries. I LOVE FRIES. And I didn't like theres. I'm usually the one to say I always like the crappy ends of the fries, like the fries you find at the bottom of the basket, but this was a literally a basket full of it. It was like thin potato skins really. Meh, I like thin but I still need some potato! 

Still, I cannot wait to go back to try the rest of the menu!!Best filet mignon (merlot butter, red wine reduction) I have ever had and probably will ever have in my life! Melts in your mouth. And the fries were crispy and magnificent! 
We went on a Saturday night for my friends birthday and we made reservations which is obviously the smart thing to do otherwise expect to wait a while for dinner. They do have a small bar in front and I think I noticed a bar facing Las Vegas Blvd inside. We got in right away and got sat at the most perfect table overlooking the street and smack dab in front of the Bellagio. 
They have an extensive wine list and we all ordered a glass of something different. They served us some sort of delicious grilled corn medley and fresh bread in a cute little baguette bag. 
We got to people watch and see the Bellagio fountains while enjoying a splendid dinner. (Our waiter even had a French accent, or a really good fake one!)This has become my all time favorite place to eat in Vegas. .. especially when friends from out of town are visiting because not only is the food delicious and the service great but if you sit on the patio you get the best view in town with the Bellagio fountain show going off across the street and all the people watching you can do on the stripGreat atmosphere and delicious food. I enjoyed the melt in your mouth steak and the creme brulee dessert. I recommend sitting on the patio. It is worth the wait. Make reservations for best seating times. Friendly and responsive staff.Enjoy authentic French Bistro Cuisine while you watch the Belogio Water Show from the Terrace of my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  There is ample outdoor seating and a great wine list to chose from.  A great place to dine before you catch a show at the Paris or go shopping at the Forum shops.  If you only have one chance to eat out in Las Vegas and you enjoy French Bistro dining, make sure you come to Mon Ami Gabi.  They take reservations and you may need them especially for dinner.We had an excellent meal here, service was attentive, we sat outside in the cafe tables to enjoy the view of the tower and the Bellagio fountains as we dined and is was nothing short of wonderful.  We had escargot for appetizers and it was some of the best I have ever had, they were perfect.  Entrees were steak au poivre and the scallops.  Both again were excellent.  I will return the next time I am in VegasI WISH my friend Gabi would make me meals like this.

So, I'm aware that this place is known for their steak frites, but I wanted seafood.

And seafood we got!

We ordered the seafood platter (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?selected=infUdLdU8Lm-OPaopoadRg#6LQDxF9qMuHI0QcaD0XTng), which came with a whole Maine lobster, jumbo shrimp, oysters, salmon tartare with avocado and baguette chips--all served on a bed of ice with cocktail sauce, mignonette (a vinegary accompaniment to the oysters), and gribiche (a mustard-y dipping sauce).

The place is lovely; it's lit really well and not pretentious in any way. The service was great, and the food was even better.

Great place to sit outside, enjoy the weather, the food, and people-watch.Visited early August 2016. 
We came for breakfast with the $20 coupon from the Lettuce Entertain You coupon book, had no problems using it. I got a blueberry parfait (servicable but nothing to write home about) and my friend got a three-egg breakfast plate. She absolutely loved her plate, and there was enough to share. The thick-cut, perfectly cooked bacon forever raised my standards for what constitutes good bacon! 
The staff were great-- we needed about 10 refills on our coffee and they were quick and attentive. The view was very nice: we could see the Bellagio fountains but there wasn't really much going on that early in the morning. 
Overall it was a very good experience!My wife and I had a great time.  The food was great.  We had the baked brie for an appetizer.  It was good.  The brie was baked with garlic cloves, which made a nice combination.

I had the baked half chicken and my wife had the scallops.  My chicken was quite tasty, but the breast was seriously overcooked.  My wife said the scallops were some of the best scallops she's ever had.  We split the profiteroles for dessert - they were seriously awesome.  My wife had their house cocktail (Frangria), which she loved.  She said it was tasty, and not too sweet.

Our waiter was a bit standoffish at first (hesitant to give recommendations), but very good overall otherwise.  We will definitely go back on our next visit to Las Vegas.

We had reservations and were seated promptly when we arrived.  The hostess was very nice.I came here most importantly for the view of Bellagio fountain from the patio, and luckily I got a patio table!!! The food & service was decent as well. Make sure to make a reservation ahead of time. You can reserve very easily online.Sooooooo good!

This restaurant was recommended by two different friends in two different situations, so we tried it out. Two of my kids ordered chicken nuggets, which they served in these super cute trays with separate compartments for the chicken, fries, green beans, and ketchup. 

I ordered a fish dish that blew my mind. My wife and third child shared mussels and a salad that were spectacular, and we were all making noises of appreciation throughout the whole meal.

Our server was also spectacular. She was moving around among 6 tables throughout our dining experience, and whenever she stopped at our table (with perfect timing--hit every POS like a pro), she made us feel like we were her only table. She was wonderful. I wish I could remember her name to give her specific kudos, but the wine was good too. :)This place really made me believe I was in Paris. Our waiter even had a French Accent. The atmosphere is just great. 

We didn't have reservations but we were still immediately seated. The waiter was so attentive and took his time explaining the menu. 

I had the Hanger Steak and the Pommes Purée. It was amazing. 

The service was great. The prices were great. The atmosphere was great. What more can you ask for?My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas I've been here over 10 times and I will still come.

Food is great most of the time.

Sometimes the mussels are not fresh and not enough sauce.

But my favorite is still the steak roquerfort! 

I would of gave 5 stars but my last visit sucked! 

The server seemed I owed her money or something like that!

The entrees took more than 30 minutes to come to the table! and I'm not joking or exaggerating! I  took my friends from out state here because of the food, service and view. but that day all 3 were not there! 

be extremely careful when floor is wet because it is extremely slippery! I never have walked on a more slippery surface in my life! 

But I will still come back because of all my previous times were great!I had breakfast and dinner here during my recent stay in Vegas. Everything was great and would definitely recommend as a casual place to eat outside of normal bars on the strip. Servers were very nice and helpful. It's across from Bellagio so you can catch the water show if you are sitting outside.Again, had a table for 8. No problems at all, waitress even split up the check. I had a cheeseburger and it was delicious!!! My wife had steak with the roquefort butter and it was also Amazing. The creamed cauliflower was very good as well. Our table was inside because of the large party. I will eat here again for sure, very good and I'd like to sit on the patio.Made a brunch reservation for 10 people and were seated in an area near the outside patio. The tall ceilings, plentiful amounts of sunlight and long table added to the granduer of the restaurant.

There were so much good food on the menu that I had to try as many as we could. Started with the fresh bread that was served hot from the oven. Split the salmon salad with avocado and crab cakes among 2 people. Crab cakes were surprisingly the best I've ever had. I could actually taste the crab and the sauce is excellent. The salmon salad with avocado was solid and a nice balance to all the other heavy dishes. Also had the opportunity of trying the poutine and corned beef hash. The poutine was alright and probably not worth getting if you've had poutine in Canada before. The corned beef hash tasted so good and the beef hash was juicy and flavorful, I'd definitely recommend this dish. 

Overall the service here was excellent and I loved everything about this meal. Didn't get to watch the Bellagio water show since our group was so large and we were seated indoors, but next time I'll try to be seated outdoors.Come here for the Bellagio fountain show view, don't come for the food. Sure, it is good enough as a meal but it's not the best food on the strip or even close. My salmon was over cooked and my husbands duck wasn't rendered well. 

The fountain show was hands down phenomenal. During the colder weather they have heating lamps. Reservations are suggested but for the fountain view it is based on availability at the time of arrival.Zum Frühstück - speziell im Sommer vor 0900 bei erträglicher Hitze - auf der Terrasse einfach herrlich! Das Frühstück war wirklich sehr gut! Die Bedienung ist sehr freundlich - ein Tischwechsel war kein Problem..
Man sollte spätestens um 0830 hier sein, sonst gibts keinen Platz auf der Terrasse!
Preislich nicht billig, aber man bekommt auch was fürs Geld...
Beim nächsten vegastrip kommen wir wieder!Sat outside at the patio during dinner. The weather was perfect and we enjoyed the fountain show of the Bellagio. 

We were quickly seated and offered some complementary bread and orzo salad. It was delicious. 

The brother, sister, and I all enjoyed our burgers. The meat was cooked perfectly and the fries were as good as I remembered them from last year. 

My mom is a HUGE oyster's fan. She ordered a dozen oysters and finished them before I could finish half of my burger. She ordered another half dozen which were out very quick. To say she loved them is an understatement. 

Dad ordered a steak, I'm not sure which. But he seemed to really like it. 

The waitress was very fun and friendly. She seemed to be having a good day or something. Nonetheless, the siblings and I loved her. My dad (very Mexican) asked another waiter (who was Mexican) for recommendations. This waiter was also very nice and friendly.I've been here a few times and I can say that the food never disappoints. Favorite item on the menu is the macaroni. It tastes delicious! The view is also amazing!Good prices for the most authentic french food I have tasted when not in France!Loved this.  Great everything. Perfect view, amazing French food. We ate on The patio and we loved it. 

Great service and we tried so many dishes I can't remember them all. But the goat cheese and tomato sauce, the escargot and the cheesecake were among our faves!Almost as good as it gets!!! Very good steak frites and escargot. I recommend waiting a bit to eat the snails -- let them marinate in that yummy garlic butter sauce while you munch on some baguette.

Our waiter was great. He was one of those detail-oriented guys. He was looking for spots on wine glasses and I even saw him straighten some forks on the table next to us. He was kind enough to write down the name of the wine for us.

Great wine... 

Great service... 

We were seated immediately...

Everything was fabulous, but it's still not as good as being in the Latin Quarter in Paris! Best escargot EVER!Virtually everyone recommended this place, and I can see why.  It's not a very "Las Vegas" type of place, considering that the portions are not huge (at least for the vegetarian options we enjoyed), and the focus was completely on the quality of ingredients rather than the spectacle of the presentation.  The food was actually kind of simple, but every single morsel was exquisite, as if the chefs had actually gone to the farmer's market that afternoon to pluck the choicest specimens from each basket of fruits and vegetables, hand-selected the cheeses, or churned the butter themselves that morning.  You know that great food you get in the Bay Area when the chef is plugged into the best local growers?  That was what this was like.  Somehow, inexplicably in the Nevada desert, the chefs at Mon Ami Gabi figured out how to make it seem like the French countryside was just down the street.  Yes, it was expensive, but no more so than any other great French restaurant I've enjoyed, and ultimately it became one of the highlights of our trip.

That night, the kitchen was an utter disaster with a huge leak that completely flooded the entire bar and surrounding tables (where we were sitting), and it could have been absolute chaos.  People slipped on the wet floor, staff had to let patrons slosh over soaked tablecloths strewn over the slick surfaces for extra traction, and the flooding was obviously worse in the kitchen where the leak had erupted.  All of this could have made for a regrettable experience, but instead the staff rose to the challenge and kept the place afloat (pardon the pun) with excellent service, great attitudes, and appropriate kindness in the midst of what was probably (and hopefully) one of the worst work nights they've had to endure.  Such grace under pressure was inspiring. I haven't seen that level of service anywhere except at the best San Francisco restaurants, so to find that right on the Vegas Strip under such extreme circumstances, combined with the lusciously fresh and perfectly prepared food, made for an experience dripping (ahem) in quality.

I guess that means Mon Ami Gabi isn't the place to visit if you want to encapsulate the Vegas experience, but is definitely the place for those who want something that transcends the strip. Mathis would be a great restaurant in any city - and that's saying something.Stopped in here for some cocktails and apps yesterday. This place has a great location next to the Paris hotel. There is lots of outdoor seating as well. I had a couple of the French martinis, which were very tasty without skimping on the booze. 

They provide a complimentary baguette with butter and an apple flavored cole slaw. It sounds weird but the butter and slaw combination is actually very delicious! My husband and I also shared a side of frites. The portion size was good and the fries were yummy.It is an oasis on the "strip". Great and varied menu. Highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi. Classy but relaxed, consistent and just a great place. It helps my mental health to confirm my observations and simulate my sense of humor by reading other reviews by world class esteemed reviewers:  LOL such reviews... and I quote:  "I went for the fish and chips...."   This is odd as it is more an English dish rather than French. and another quote:  "what is a "bloody cod? sounds kinda nasty". Who would order "fried cod" ata French Bistro?

Anyhooo, one of the great joints on the "strip". Food, Service, Location deserves the 5 stars, but cannot hand those ratings out with impunity.

Summer Time (oh, there is a song by that title) it is GREAT to sit outside and watch the world go by (the 1st, 2nd and 3rd world), Winter Time (no song title) inside is a bit dark but elegant (ok, some consider this romantic), and a bit crowded. 

Food & service are always excellent.  Another "touch stone" in LV.That was the best food that we had in Vegas during our 3 night stay! Top notch service and atmosphere, and the food was world class.Everything was delicious for the breakfast we ate here and they were very accommodating for our ten month old baby.  He even got to enjoy their delicious yogurt parfait on their relaxing patio :)I want to start by saying that I have traveled across France by bike several times and have enjoyed very good French Cheese, Food, and Wine, so my standards are high. I was able to come to Mon Ami Gabi or my friend Gabi in English, for a party with friends while we were in Vegas for a work conference. There was about 25 of us who sat at two tables, so my experience was based on a group setting. 

To start, the atmosphere is darker, with a little background music but with the woodwork and artwork of any Parisian Bistro. It was quite nice actually, and could be a romantic restaurant for a couple. 

The service was exceptional. The server's were quick to refill drinks, prompt to fill our requests, and very friendly. Also, our food came to in a timely manner. 

As far as the food, it was good but I felt as though they were trying to hard and it was just average overall.  What i mean by that is that to really get good french food you need to have ingredients from France and have good home style cooking, and here they used american ingredients which cannot make great french food.  

 We started with a variety of appetizers including: Baked Brie and potatoes (average), smoked salmon (okay), Baked Goat cheese in tomato sauce (great), and Chicken Pate (great). For my first course I had the special of Gnocchi with truffle mushroom sauce. the Gnocchi was a little doughy, while the sauce was phenomenal. I would order the sauce again but on pasta. My main course was fantastic:  Grilled Bison Ribeye Medium Rare with Sea Salt- Lean cut of meat with a nice fat all the way around the edge, nearly 13 oz and perfect. For sides I had the frites (which were sadly not very good) and the Brussel sprouts with bacon- which were good, but a little dry. 

All in all the food, the experience was good with the Bison Ribeye being phenomenal The environment is romantic and the service is really good. I am torn between a  3 and 4 star, I really want to give it a 3.5 star, but am going to round up to a 4 star because they really did a good job overall. I recommend you try this restaurant if you are in Vegas and feel like French food.The atmosphere is wonderful. The service was great. The scallop and fennel appetizer was amazing!blueberry french toast.. dayum. ! good food, good price too. Can eat outisde and people watch.Love this place! The outdoor seating is the perfect place to sit. Food is always good and top it off with the Bloody Mary bar on the weekends it is a great place to bring visitors.Best place that I've sat down at in Las Vegas where the food is actually worth the money!Ever had that night in Vegas where maybe you had a bit much to drink? Maybe you beat up your friend the stomach with too many cocktails and need to help him feel alive again? 

Look no further Mon Ami Gabi is the place for a great morning start  recharge for Vegas.  Located at the nice patio of the Paris hotel you can chill out have a mimosa or bloody mary while watching all the finest of street goers, from the good looking to the tickle me elmo's (not kidding) you will see something worth talking about.  Let's get back to the food.... 

The Corn Beef and Hash! Have it and send me a message thanking me.  Poached eggs with some great toast and spread and you are going to be getting your stomach ready for more. They have several great items for lunch as well, I would strongly recommend some of their seafood it is pretty epic.This Restaurant have a good France foods and also have a very nice service. I'm recommend have a table outside you will be enjoy food with nice Las Vegas view.This place is great! And the prices came up less than I had expected (not so much on the cheap side but definitely $$). 

Came here for dinner on Thanksgiving with my family after walking by earlier in the day and liked what we saw just from a sidewalk view. Around noon-ish when we did walk by, I made reservations using my phone's Yelp app and the Open Table feature! Holla! So easy and convenient! 

The place is wonderfully decorated and the staff was amazing! Wine selection was really good.

The warm brie appetizer was delicious and so were the homemade potato chips.

The four of us had the Steak and Frites and they did a wonderful job getting each steak cooked to our liking, since we all like our meat cooked to a different "doneness."

Definitely worth coming again, especially if you want to treat yourself to a great time!Great place to eat on the strip. We had a large party and our server was more than accommodating. The ambiance was quaint and relaxing, a contrast to many other places on the strip which tend to be loud. I ordered a butternut squash salad  which was excellent.Mon Ami Gabi is one of those places I wanted to try for years but never got around to for various reasons... The lovely Dyanna and I recently decided to have brunch and day-drink to celebrate my birthday on the beautiful patio. 

Reservations are not accepted for the patio, so we made a reservation for 10 am on a Saturday for inside seating. When we arrived the wait for the patio was short so we decided to sit outside instead. The sweet hostess suggested we wait at the bar where the awesome bartender hooked us up  with glasses of vodka so we could visit the bloody mary bar. 

Oh and what a bloody mary bar it is! Anything you could want in your drink is available for you... Multiple types of bloody mary mix, various brands of hot sauce, more veggies than you can stuff into your glass... I was in heaven. 

The 20-30 minute wait we were told for the patio ended up being more like a 10 minutes wait. We were lead out to a great spot on the patio with what would have been a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains... had they been operating at the time. If you are trying to enjoy the fountains as you dine do not make the mistake we did and go too early! (The fountains start at 3 pm weekdays, noon Saturday and 11 am Sunday)

Despite the mixup with the fountains, our meal was fabulous. Both Dyanna and I ordered one of the daily specials. Lemon pancakes topped with blackberries and peaches. So light and refreshingly delicious! The pancakes are ultra thin, more like a crepe. Because we were celebrating my birthday, our waiter also brought out complimentary profiteroles for dessert, which was a lovely touch. 

Our meal, with multiple trips to the bloody mary bar, was quite inexpensive for dining on the Strip. I absolutely plan on making many return trips to Mon Ami Gabi, and will not make the same mistake regarding the fountains!As the lady from "I Can't Believe it's Not Butter" commercial says: "Mmmm, Oui like~" ;)

FOOD: Boyfriend and I came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised that we got seated quite quickly, I suppose since it was just for a table for two. We were escorted to a table for four, which I liked, it was much more roomy. Before ordering, you're given a complimentary baguette. I personally don't like baguettes, but I did love how soft the bread was on the inside and it's scrumptious with their lightly salted butter! So we ordered a Medium Hamburger with an Egg (eggs are optional, you can ask for it) at $12.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=WY4lwdmOoHEz3kqNbTy5Mg, a Medium Rare Prime Steak Sandwich at $14.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=kuQ8Vgt4HGeAOTzQQMtcUA, and finally a bowl of Four Mushroom Soup at $7.00/bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=n2rWGJfLS5zXk-E9-3oDHg. The soup was amazing, it starts off with a chunks of cut mushrooms at bottom, then the soup poured over it from a kettle of sorts. The soup itself was creamy and thick, loved the texture- it kind of warmed you to your toes in this weather. Then the mushrooms gives of their distinct flavor, it wasn't overpowering so the two went well together. The hamburger: it was huge. The one problem I had with it was that I had a very difficult time eating it. But it was delicious nonetheless! I loved the fact that they made the egg the way I liked it without even asking. It's cooked on the outside with the yolk runny on the inside. I advise to slurp all the yolk before putting the second half of the hamburger on or else you risk having soggy bread for the rest of the meal. The meat was tender, juicy and full of flavor, a definite treat for my taste buds! They also come with these extra crispy fries http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=ulCtrY7QWobYjGjrS2OesQ in those cool cone containers. I would recommend this (w/ the egg!) if you're looking for something more familiar to your taste. :D

SERVICE: Impeccable. We had a waiter and an assistant waiter, so we were taken care of whenever we needed it. Our waters were always full and they checked up on us around every 40 or so minutes and both of them were very friendly people, I can't recall our main waiters name, but I remember our assistant waiter was named Stephani... Lovely young lady.

AMBIANCE: Very fancy, walls are dark red wood laced with wine bottles with dim lighting to give that lustrous, private feeling so it's dark on the inside. The tables are set with those multiple forks and knives along with wine glasses. Tables are also set with paper tops for easy cleaning. They even have a causal dress code of no sleeveless shirts for men, most of the people that were there seemed almost well dressed, collared polo and khakis, women in nice dress shirts. But it's not mandatory, I think it's the atmosphere.

Gotta check this place out if any of you are ever near Paris!Love it...kinda fakeishly Parisien...:

Food - 4  stars
Service - 4 stars
Performace/Cost - 4.5 stars

Definitely the kind of a restaurant that I'd like to spend my Friday nights.  We made a reservation for 7pm and were seated right away.  We had requested the outside seating but actually wanted to be inside since there was too much construction outside right next to Bellagio.  But we were seated just inside with a tantalizing view of the Bellagio and the water show.  Sweet.

We started the evening with some cocktails, shrimp cocktails, and some pate, just enough to get us tipsy and get hungry for the steak.

All three of us order steak frites - mine was perfect, the hanger steak was perfectly cooked to medium and the fries were excellent.  We took in a bottle of 2004 Silver Oak Cab with us...a beautiful complement to our steaks.  

We had to run out since we were in a hurry to make it to our show, but it was a wonderful experience.  I'm shying away from giving a 5 since the presentation of the food could be better and the restaurant was a bit loud.  But it's a French bistro, what more can I expect?

I'll definitely be back here for more!Vegas buffet with French inspired seafood. Paid under 35 dollars over a weekend.  Food was flavorful and the quality was good. All the seafood was fresh and most did not seem like they had been sitting out or been left unattended for to long. Service seemed to be hit or miss, especially at the crepe station where the cook was replaced unexpected. Overall, good value for the money.This is THE place.  Order the sirloin, I like it with the butter. Everyone at our table LOVED their food.  Fries 
are sick. I licked my plate, my fingers and my steak knife. Eat here.One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas for the price. As you probably know, food in Vegas can get pretty expensive, but I think the value here is really great. I love the french onion soup and oysters to start. But, the best thing on the menu is the steak frites clasique. Get it medium rare and enjoy!Looking for something different went down the strip to find something new and happened upon this place.  Figured I would give it a shot and try it.

They got me in very quickly ( party of 1 so not much wait) and was seated.  Started with a nice glass of red wine and they brought out warm bread and a carrot salad.  Normally I'm not find of carrots but this changed my mind, it was great in the bread.

I ordered the salmon and it was one of the best cooked pieces of salmon I have had.  Many places overcook the salmon but this was done just right. 

The menu had a good mix of steaks, fish, and chicken offerings so there should be something for everybody.   Moderately priced for Vegas so it was a great value.  Definitely will be one of my stops next time I'm in Vegas.This restaurant is, THE PLACE, to bring people if your in need of a great strip restaurant with a view!  Perfect to take friends or family when they come to visit you in Vegas.

The food is great & the atmosphere is incredible...  The prices are extremely  moderate for the value & all of the food is very well prepared, escargot were delicious as was my favorite steak & fries with blue cheese sauce, fantastic!  

I recently took family from Maryland there for lunch & was extremely well taken care of by the staff & especially the manager Ryan. He gave us premier seating on the patio area outside & the view of the fountains across the street was perfect. Thanks Ryan!!!

My family is still talking about how good the food was & such a great time they had... Kudos to the Mgmt & The Staff!

Will be sure to visit again very soon...We love Mon Ami Gabi in the Chicago area and did not expect to go there while in Las Vegas. After having two mediocre breakfasts at the hotel where we were staying, we went to Mon Ami Gabi two days in a row. The breakfast was wonderful and the service outstanding. I am not certain if breakfast is served at the Chicago area Mon Ami Gabis, but if so, I know where I will be going for special occasions!The staff is very friendly, the oysters are delicious, the shrimp are huge and flavorful. The lobster roll was overflowing with lobster. The champagne was cold and bubbly.  Overall had a great experience. Can't wait to come backFood was great! Few little things like soda being filled with water and lack of patio heat but great otherwise.Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite strip restaurants. We always do lunch here and sit outside. Reservations are definatley suggested. On my last visit two of my guest steaks were cooked improperly. The staff bent over backwards to correct the issue. Awesome! I love their French Brandy Mussells. Prices are very resonable for such a view of the strip and fountain show. Look forward to seeing you in April. Keep up the great work.Went for lunch and we had the Quiche Lorraine and lobster roll. Food was very good, and prompt. Service was a bit slow, but tell yourself you are in Europe and savor the longer experience. If weather is good, try to get the outside patio. You will get a view of the Bellagio water show and lots of people watching on the strip. Heads up that they not take reservations for the outside seating, indoor only, it is first come first serve.  Also of note, they were offering a gluten free menu for those with allergies or sensitivity.  Not sure what was on it, forgot to ask to see it, but it was listed on regular menu.Bread is amazing. 
Food is on par. From the steak, salmon, soup, and sandwiches everything tastes great.
Service is excellent. Very friendly and welcoming.

I would definitely come back to try more items on their menu and would recommend my friends here on their trip to Vegas (:Good food, better service. 
Our waiter Bryan, was very attentive and friendly. We had breakfast right at 7am on the patio and the atmosphere is something you can't beat. The smoked salmon eggs Benedict was good, but if you have a sweet tooth the crepes are definitely the way to go. 
I've never been here for lunch or dinner, but the breakfast was worth a try.Came here for a nice dinner for a bachelorette weekend... before the shenanigans began muhahaha. Well, first off - the location is awesome! We were about 30 minutes late to our reservation, but we barely had to wait :) So we got there, and we had a table near the opening/patio area - very open, airy, perfect temperature, and beautiful view of Bellagio and the dancing fountains.

I had the salad... I forgot what it was called but it had warm bacon dressing, and a soft poached egg... WOW what else can I want on a salad? Haha seriously, it was bomb. Just enough richness against the clean crisp of the frisee. and.... YUM. I enjoy my salads and this was one of the better salads I've had.

Tried bits of their special frites - delicious, like a cross between potato chips and regular fries. Also had bits of the steak, and was pleasantly surprised! Super tender and cooked perfectly even though it was pretty thin, and had lots of flavor from that buttery/herby sauce on top. Pretty damn good.

Will be back to try more stuff!Great restaurant!  Given the outdoor seating with a view of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower, this place is a great after dark spot to hit during the summer.  I've had several entrees and desserts on the menu, and each item was amazing.  It's a little spendy, which is to be expected for any restaurant on the strip, but if you can manage to get an outdoor seat it's well worth it.  The seating is elevated from the strip, so it isn't like you have people walking by and sticking their heads in to have a look at your meal.  I would highly recommend this spot to anyone looking for a nice and memorable meal on the Strip.We originally were planning on going to the Bellagio Buffet but with time being of the essence, we did not want to risk having to wait in line to get in.  So instead, we called in and placed our name on the reservation list of Mon Ami Gabi once we arrived on the Strip.  Because of the congestion and the time it takes to walk even across the street, give yourself a 30 min leeway to park your car, walk through the casino, etc..  

For lunch, they have an outdoor patio but also an "indoor area" that still gets the natural sunlight and a partial view of the Bellagio Fountain show which is what attracted us to this option.  Although not cheap with entrees running about $15-$20 for lunch, it isn't the most expensive option either since Vegas boasts many high end restaurants these days.  

The seafood crepes had both scallops and shrimp and although the scallops in this and the entrée was a little on the saltier side, the fresh crunchy baguette they give you will offset any imperfections.Went here several times for breakfast. Spinach and goat cheese omelet is wonderful, and a great price. They have their own coffee blend and it's the best I had on the trip. The atmosphere is wonderful and makes it feel fancy even though it's not for breakfast. We never had a wait for breakfast. Highly recommend. Better prices than many of the restaurants in hotels.We were completely relocated (in our minds) to Paris for breakfast.  Even our waitress had a totally "French" attitude.  After such a good breakfast we can't wait to return for lunch or dinner.My Friend Gabi or Mon Ami Gabi (in case you didn't know what it meant in English, Gabi is short for Gabino the owner/chef) is probably my favorite local steakhouse. I bring all my closest friends here, whether they're local or visiting.  My boyfriend hosted my surprise bday party here too, so they do great with groups.  MAG is always a sure fire hit and it's the kind of place you know will impress and satisfy your guests without seeming overly booshie. 

While the food is always superb I think the ambiance and location really makes it an instant crowd pleaser, even before we crack the awesome fresh warm baguettes (that keep coming by the way, all you gotta do is ask).  In the evening the lighting is low and romantic with candles at every table.  In the day, the wonderful floor to ceiling window/doors from the patio let wonderful natural light in.  The key selling point is the patio seating that gives u a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.  You can't reserve patio seating though so you can try to reserve a table in the atrium that sometimes gives just as good as a view :) 

Now for the food!

My must order every visit is the Fliet Mingon with Merlot Butter and the Steamed Mussels for an appetizer.  My first couple times I've tried some other steak variations and sauces but my heart belongs to the filet! :) I order it medium and it's just melt in your mouth "Mmmmm" after every bite good.  

Steaks can be prepared anyway you like. They have set pairings like a certain cut with a certain sauce however, you can pair any sauce with any cut of meat just ask :) Oh and every steak comes with frites (or awesome French fries)! 

The steamed mussels are my absolute favorite the sauce they come in is a classic white wine with leeks and bacon but done to perfection!  Make sure you dip your warm French bread in the sauce it's delicious! 

Lunch is also a good option here because they serve great specials not normally on the menu.  The last time I went to lunch and brought my cousin's bachelorettes/bridal party here and the steak sandwich was sooo delicious! My sister ordered it and I ended up eating half  of it and my filet (yes I still ordered my filet at lunch...it's that good)!

So if you're looking for an awesome casual steak place on the strip that really gives you or your guests that "I'm in Las Vegas" feel give Mon Ami Gabi a try, you won't be sorry.Six friends from high school on a reunion get together in Vegas.  This was our splurge dinner and it was WONDERFUL.  Even though we were 1/2 hour late for our reservation, they were able to seat us within 15 minutes.  The restaurant has a Belle Epoque charm.  We were seated inside and it got a little noisy as we were next to a group of 20.  However, the food was outstanding.  Smoked salmon appetizer perfect, French soup a treat, the main courses wonderfully flavorful (scallops, steak frites & chicken all equally delish) and the service very, very attentive.  The bread w/ unsalted butter a treat.  Nice wine choices and especially nice individual glasses of wine offered.  The waiter graciously agreed to individual checks which makes everything so much easier.  Oh, the Profiteroles for dessert were rich & yummy.  I would love to go back for brunch and/or lunch next time I visit Vegas.  I thought the prices were reasonable considering how wonderful the food & service was.  I say 'eat here."10.22.12 Mon Ami Gabi (Las Vegas, NV)

This is one of my favorite places to go to breakfast, lunch or dinner on the strip! Mon Ami Gabi is located in the Paris Hotel on the Las Vegas strip. This restaurant has both indoor dinning and outside dinning. I highly recommend sitting outside so that you can see the lovely Bellagio Hotel water shows. Not to mention the people watching. Never know what you will see on the strip! Mon Ami Gabi is very busy so we decided to go late (around 9:30pm) for dinner. When ordering drinks, our waiter informed us that they were out of Disaronno. We ordered the Warm Brie Cheese appetizer and Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce). The appetizer came out and it was unusually small. As I was looking around I noticed a table next to us had ordered it as well and it was equally small. I also caught the waiter telling the customer they were out of whatever it was that he had ordered. I must say that this is very unusual and I most definitely will not be going again on a Monday night. Our steaks were wonderful and I will go there again for not just the food but the atmosphere. Dinner and a show!

 

 

ImpressedWe went here for dinner and opted to seat inside (the weather outside was an excruciating 112), turned out be an excellent choice. We were pleasantly surprised on how generous the servings were. For starters we had the escargots, we enjoyed it, although we never had escargots cooked that way before. We also both ordered steak frites which we both enjoyed. And the fries, the best we've had by far. So thin and crispy. We had tarte tatin for dessert, it was delicious but a little too sweet and by that time we hardly had room in our tummies anyway. Their mojito was also pretty good, strong and very minty. Our server was very nice, attentive, generous with the bread. Ambiance was also nice, cozy and romantic, depending where you sit. We will come back here and recommend to friends for sure.The patio is perfect and the food is really good. My favorite dishes thus far are the chocolate and bacon waffles, the bananas foster waffles (foster sauce on the side), steak frites and the corned beef hash. The bacon is perfect. I wasn't too crazy about the lemon pancakes. I can't wait to try dinner here. I plan to order a steak.I have been here a dozen times. Their service has improved. I get smiles walking in. The food was good the last three times I have been in. I am definitely a fan. I will be back!I absolutely love this place for breakfast!  The patio is warm, the food is good and the people are friendly.Honestly the best brunch place! I can't believe it took me to leave Las Vegas and my boyfriend to get me here! I never went because it was on the Strip and as a local at the time I avoided the strip 

This place beats out hash house, egg works babystacks etc. Although on the pricier side, it's still worth it. 

We went on a Saturday around 9am with no reservations but surprisingly got seated immediately. It's located inside the Paris Hotel tucked in a corner. 

We ordered the eggs Benedict, cured bacon, blueberry French toast, freshly squeezed orange juice ( to die for) and coffee. 

The service was impeccable and the food was downright mouthwatering. We literally kept eating even after we were full. Their portions are large and we were bursting at the seams by the end of it.Did Tao, and Lavo and then Mon Ami Gabi this week. Mon Ami Gabi blew the others away.  The service especially from Carlos And Georgina are out of this world.   The merlot sauce is out of this world.  The only place I always visit when I got to Vegas. Tried to Mousse for the first time... Wow.I'm a fan. We always go here when we're in Vegas. The food is consistently good, you can sit outside, and the prices are reasonable.I had dinner here with friends in May 2015 and could not have been happier with my choice.  Food was amazing and the service was outstanding.  I was surprised at how reasonable our food was considering he had quite a few bottles of wine. The waitstaff was incredibly patient with all our questions about the menu and I swear he was back at our table every 2 minutes.  Restaurant was very quiet- it's a great place for a low-key evening.An excellent choice when dining in las vegas. With a beautiful view of the bellagio foutains, and tender and flavorful steak-frites on your plate, I don't know a better place to be. This is why I go to vegas. Also for dessert, try the banana's foster. This dessert is lethal. Rich vanilla ice cream wrapped in a crepe and topped with fresh bananas. GreatWe have eaten here four times and have always really enjoyed the environment, food, and service.  It is a fantastic location and our waiter was a relaxed, efficient, and helpful person.  The food is good and well priced, unlike so many restaurants in Las Vegas.  As we were walking out of the restaurant, it was notable that all of the patrons of the restaurant seemed so engaged and happy.  Very convivial atmosphere.I am thoroughly impressed with Mon Ami Gabi! C'est tres bon! It is a incredibly nice restaurant without the "We're too good to serve you" attitude. Having been here three times, I would strongly recommend the Bananas Foster Crepe, it is heavenly. Being on a college student budget, I typically just order an appetizer, and dessert to share! It is plenty filling, and you won't break the bank. Their mussels, when in season, are incroyable!  Plus, the bread that they give you for free is fresh, anything free is great on my list. It's worth the drive to the strip if you're looking for a great, fresh, French meal!Went here during June when it was 100+ degrees outside and they sat us outside. It was hot but we had a nice view of the water show at Bellagio. I ordered their eggs benedict. It was really good and I would order it again. The bread is sourdough and a little hard to cut through with a fork and knife. It's easier to pick it up and bite in to it until you get about halfway when it falls apart. The hollandaise sauce was super good too!Wonderful breakfast at Mon Ami! We were a party of 6. We all had traditional breakfast items. The food was delicious! Honestly my favorite meal I've had in Vegas. Probably the best coffee I've also ever had in a restaurant in Vegas. Our waitress was great as well. They were able to make all their pancakes and waffles gluten free for my husband. He ordered the blueberry waffles, and they were very tasty. It was all around a great meal. Oh, and the bacon! Yum.Stopped by for brunch. Beautiful view of the strip. Perfect place to people watch. There's always a long wait, so try to grab a reservation before you arrive. I'm not a huge fan of Bloody Marys, but they have a cute Bloody Mary bar. I enjoyed their Mimosa though! :)

I'm not the usual to adventure out and too many exotic foods at once, but we had some escargot and liver. They were delicious but not exactly my cup of tea. The quiche was good. The sauce they used to pair with their chicken crepe is creamy and very soothing.This is a must for brunch it's sooooo good. I think this place definitely does its diligence for a quaint brunch or a delightful dinner. I will absolutely return and I can't wait.Came on a Sunday morning at 7AM.  I think we were the 3rd group there and the place was practically empty.  But even so, the waiters were prompt and attentive.  We didn't feel like they were hoovering over us making sure our coffee cups were full.  We got an outside table.  It was a clear, blue sky morning and warm.  Not many people walking the strip (probably sleeping in from the night before).  A couple runners here and there.  

Ordered:
- coffees
- croissant sandwich
- big skinny pancakes (I think it was a special of the day)
- homemade brioche

Coffee was great.  Smoother than Starbucks Blonde (as a comparison).  Croissant sandwich was good.  Nothing really special about it.  Skinny pancakes were great.  Never had them before.  With the whip cream and fruit, it was a light n sweet treat to compliment my black coffee.  Never had brioche, so I didn't know what to expect.  But at first sight, it looked like a french toast without the syrup or egg brush.  Just a thick toast basically with a side of butter.  In comparison, to everything we ordered, the brioche was the most bland (maybe that's what it's suppose to be).  Overall, I think the price of the food could be a bit cheaper.  Maybe knock of $2/item on the breakfast menu while keeping the same quality/portions would be fair.  If that were the case, I would compensate by tipping the waiter more.  

Detailed Ratings:
Service: 5
Ambiance/View: 5
Food: 4I'm impressed!  A casual dining experience with great food and service.  1,500 reviews can't be wrong.

Came here for lunch on a Sunday, and the wait was minimal for those without reservations.

Be sure to try:
-BAKED CHEESE appetizer
-FRENCH ONION SOUP
-STEAK SANDWICH (comes with their signature frittes which kinda look and taste like mini potato chips)
-SEA SCALLOPSI have been here a few times with out of town friends and we have always sat outside so we can people watch.  You can also see the Bellagio fountains across the street which adds to the great views.  It's a lil pricey for what it is, but it is RIGHT on the strip after all.Only walked in because we had to grab early breakfast before the pink jeep tour to desert.  It turned out to be a very good & wise choice.  My hubby had Croque Madame, and for me, the Special of the Day, lamb shank egg benedict.  The English muffin was perfectly toasted to crunchy, well seasoned lamb shanks, and perfect poached egg.  Voila.  That egg benedict made my day, it's the right portion (not like huge portion with low quality food in some brunch places), and very satisfying.  Coz there was no food for the following hours in the desert at all!!!  On a side note, my hubby commented that the croque madame's quality was "as expected", nothing too special.  But I do like the latte too!

Can't wait to go back again to try the dinner menu one day!The first time I went here with my fiancé we were taken aback by the ambiance and the romance of it all. You almost forget you are right on the Las Vegas strip! The mussels are to die for, mainly the garlic and cream based sauce. I also recommend any of the cocktails, the steaks, the frites, the after dinner coffees, desserts, all of it. You can get all of the above-mentioned items for around a hundred dollars, with two drinks per person! Whenever we want to reminisce and fall in love all over again, not to mention people watch, we go to Paris!!Allez!I LOVE that place in Vegas especially for breakfast. Seafood Crepe is AMAZING!!!!
Highly recommending this place!!!Mon Ami Gabi was our best meal in Vegas. We didn't do any tasting menus or Michelin stars but Mon Ami Gabi was far better than any buffet meal and sit down restaurant we have had in Vegas.

I always heard good things about Mon Ami Gabi. Our experience from start to finish far exceeded any expectation I had about the place. We didn't have reservations and we were seated at the best seat in the house- right in front of the Bellagio fountain outdoors under a heat lamp. The place was full and the service never fell short. It was welcoming, friendly, and French enough for it not to feel cheapened for Vegas.

We started with the Onion Soup Au Gratin and it was delicious and rich. It was also very hot, so let it cool down for a few minutes before you dig in if you order it. I loved the complimentary baguette Mon Ami Gabi serves. It was piping hot from the oven and in a paper bag as if it came from a bakery. For our entrees, we got a Roquefort steak frites and Caramelized Sea Scallops. I was a bit concerned with the size of the steak but when we got it, the steak was as big as the plate. The flavor was amazing, steak was juicy, tender, and the frites very crispy. The sea scallops were also a good size/portion. They were excellent and the sides of mushrooms and spaetzle added a nice touch. It is a very buttery dish. We were too full for desserts in the end.

The ambiance at Mon Ami Gabi is great. You can fancy it up by dressing up but casual attire is totally acceptable as this is not a stuffy place at all. The tables are close together enough that you will hear everyone's conversation. Luckily for us everyone was in good spirits and the happy atmosphere filled with laughs and stories added to the good vibe.An amazing choice for brunch!  We lucked out and got a seat with a lovely view of the Bellagio right between the inside patio and outdoor patio (so we got the nice view and still had plenty of shade and AC).  Avocado toast was really good.  My quiche was pretty decent although a little salty, and the bread was nice and fresh too.  Good service topped everything else off!Vegetarians, go for the sweet potato soup & the butternut squash and leek quiche. The Pinot Blanc is refreshing. If the weather is nice, sit on the deck outside.I finally got to have dinner here and everything was a great experience!  We celebrated a birthday here with a group of 6 people and we had made reservations and were lucky enough to have it near enough the patio that we were able to view the Bellagio water show during dinner!

The girls started out with a martini that had grey goose and champagne and I think something else too which was really good! 

The escargot was delicious!  It was in a pesto sauce which can out nice and hot!  The brie and garlic starter was also very delicious and it was really good with the fresh baguettes they had as well!  

I had the rib eye and lots of different sides and everything was good! I love to eat my meat medium rare and it's hard to find places that actually make it medium rare! It's always more medium than it is rare but Mon Ami Gabi did a great job! The meat was tender and very flavorful.On my first exciting Vegas trip, my dad, boyfriend, cousin and I were trying to make our way to the Paris buffet, but alas it was closed.  So we ended up at Gabi.  There was about a 30 minute wait, they said, but I don't think it took that long.  We managed to grab 4 stools together at the bar.  Our table out on the patio was really nice and we got to see the Bellagio fountain action right across the street.

My cousin and I split the smoked salmon appetizer with capers, little toasts (damn what are those called?), & onions...it was really good.  Then we split the filet mignon with the frites on the side.  Pretty good meat...not the best I've had, but highly edible.  

One silly thing...they were very flummoxed when I asked for a French Kiss at the bar.  They needed an education!

2 oz. Vodka
2 oz. Chambord
1 oz. Creme de Cacao (White or Dark)
1 oz. Cream or Half & Half 

Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice.  Shake well. 
Strain into a chilled martini glass rimmed with sugar.
____________________
This one looked good too...lots of variations out there!

- 1 oz vodka  
- 1 oz raspberry liqueur  
- 1/2 oz orange liqueur (cointreau, grand marnier...)  
- 1 oz whipping cream  

Shake and strain into a champagne flute. Garnish with a speared cherry or raspberry, and serve.SCALLOPS(suggestion from waiter): Excellent.
FILET MIGNON WITH MERLOT BUTTER: Ahhhmazing
BONE-IN RIBEYE: Ahhhmazing again.

Boyfriend and I came here for our 5 year anniversary on July 4th with a reservation that I made on yelp. Our waiter was really informative (like naming everything on the menu - not to lie, I lost him after "I'm your waiter for the night"). 

Long story short, it was a BEAUTIFUL dinner!! The waiter suggested the scallops and it was a great choice! The filet mignon was really tender and the bone-in ribeye was like the size of my face (no joke and it was really REALLy good with the berenaise). The waiter was cool and attentive but after we got our entrees, he totally ignored us (minus a star). BUT our drinks were always full because of the other guy, who was really nice. 

I would definitely eat here again. Mouth is watering as we speak . -____-This is a great brunch location. We chose not to sit outdoors since it was December and yes, it does get cold in Vegas, but indoors had a very nice decor as well. The sourdough they served before brunch was great, as was everything else we had (the three of us just shared off of each others plates). A great place to nurse a hangover (trust me).  :)always good and delicous.  Love the outside sitting to watch the belagio water show while enjoying my meal..  Love the skirt steak and fries!Came here for brunch with a bachelor party.  We had reservations for 12 and were quickly seated.  The food was freaking amazing! I don't mind paying a premium when food taste this good. I had the egg Benedict. It was perfectly done with some of the freshest ingredients i've had.  I got a chance to try some of the other guys dishes and they were all equally as good. I am definitely going back here next time i visit Vegas.I'll admit it, I was skeptical of spending Thanksgiving at a French restaurant but WOW. When we got there the place was PACKED - there was a line streaming out into the casino. We had reservations but still had to wait just a bit but there's a nice little bar out on the patio where you can see the Bellagio fountains going off across the street. Despite being so busy, the staff was very nice and helpful through the madness. 

Everyone in our party of four opted for the $49.99 prix fixe which was the perfect Thanksgiving meal away from home. For the first, second and desert courses there were two options. For the first course I went with oysters on the half shell which were perfectly shucked and served with a mignonette sauce as well as a cocktail sauce. The other option was a dressed up version of salmon and lox on a baguette type bread. For the second course it was a choice between a salad or a butternut squash soup and let me tell you, the soup was AMAZING. Best soup ever. As I was contemplating licking my bowl for every last drop of goodness, they brought out the main entrees. In true Thanksgiving style, each person received a plate that would probably better be described as a platter, loaded with all the traditional fixings - even a small selection of both light and dark turkey meat. Two different types of potatoes, cranberry sauce, and delicious stuffing. I am typically a proud member of the clean plate club but I couldn't even come close to finishing it all. Dessert was a choice between a pecan tart and pumpkin creme brulee. Obviously we had to go with the creme brulee and it was perfection. 

It was a wonderful meal with great service and I would highly recommend it for a holiday, special occassion, or just when you are looking for something a step above. I would love to go back sometime and try some French food!Oh Mon Ami Gabi.  Love this restaurant for not only the excellent food but also the view from their patio. Located right across the street from the Bellagio it is an excellent place to view the fountains or just people watch. If you are looking for a patio seat on a weekend morning you'll probably be looking at a 20+ minute wait.... But their breakfast is well worth it!   Our waiter was very attentive and recommended the lemon skinny pancakes which turned out to be an excellent choice!  My husband had the blueberry French toast which was also delicious!  Both were served with a generous serving of yummy whipped cream.  I would definitely recommend you give Mon Ami Gabi a try during your visit... It's reasonably priced (for Vegas) with great food, service and ambiance!  Enjoy!Pleased with gluten-free options.  Four gluten-free dessert choices! Lovely restaurant with nice atmosphere.Great food, great service, great view! The salmon tartare was AMAZING and my husband couldn't stop ranting about the mussels. Definitely worth trying one night, and make sure you sit on the patio!Came her for breakfast and was SUPER glad I made a reservation. The place was jam packed for a Sunday morning, obviously. It is a cute little quaint restaurant that really does remind you of being in France. 

I had their French toast which was amazingly good. The syrup wasn't too sweet but was savory. 

Everyone was really nice and, even though it was insanely crowded, we only had one huge issue that we just let go. 

When I am on the Strip again, I will definitely go back. Remember: MAKE RESERVATIONS.Make sure that you get there early enough to sit on the patio for brunch! From the wonderful pastries to the entrees from heaven, you will not leave disappointed! I loved the hash as well as the eggs benedict. I must mention that I'm super picky about my hollandaise!Ok everyone in Las Vegas, this is a must try!! The location is the best on the strip. First, the goat cheese app is to die for, bread is toasted perfectly and the marinara and chèvre was the perfect temperature. Second, the mac and cheese app lived up to the reviews for sure. The main course was steak and frites. The steak was perfectly prepared to the correct temperature. The Frites were the perfect complement to the steak.

Let's talk service: Assaouir was very hospitable and her knowledge of the menu was spot on. We were three and she knew the correct portions for the table. She did not oversell us, but listened and provided the perfect choices. Her support staff were all over the drink refills and made the evening out in Las Vegas one we will talk about for a long time.Never had a bad meal or server at this place....prices are reasonable for the quality of food...I have never left this place hungry....in fact I am always very full.....
Some of my favorite dishes...
Ham and Cheese Crepe
Croque Monsieur
Cheeseburger
Baked goat cheese with tomato sauce
Can't wait to try brunch!Delicious food, great selections, great wine/drink list and awesome strip views! Prices REASONABLE for the location. Great for a date or just dinner out with friends.My boyfriend and I were in Vegas a few months ago and we wanted to find a budget-friendly but nice dinner. I found this on yelp of course and we had a great time thanks to a little luck! The wait time to sit on the outside patio was ridiculous..over an hour wait (and this was around 8:30pm on a weeknight!!) so we opted for an inside table. Here's where the luck came in: most people sit on the patio so they can enjoy the gorgeous Bellagio fountain show during dinner. Our table, while inside, gave us the PERFECT view of the fountains and was very close to the outside patio. So throughout the whole dinner we got to enjoy the magnificent Bellagio fountain show on a beautiful summer night. My boyfriend ordered steak which was pretty good, and I ordered the fish which was okay. The fabulous view really made it a romantic and special night and this place was pretty affordable compared to most places on the strip. We were really impressed and will definitely be back on our next trip to Vegas!i had been stuck in my hotel for 14 hrs til they fixed my room, i walked along the strip, i had read about this restaurant on Yelp and other sites, i was starving, , i just wanted something quick, so i sat at the bar, and a very sweet bartender unfortunately i didnt get her name, she has a dark bob, she suggested i order the baked goat cheese in a wonderful spicy tomoato sauce, it came with a fresh baguette, it was delicious, in fact beautifully presented, the woman seated next to me was actually smelling how good it was, so i told her to grab a spoon and take a taste, she loved it too and ordered her own, it sure hit the spot, , i was really wanting to stop for breakfast which they are really known for, but i didn't have the time, hence the 4 star review, im sure next time i go back and i will soon, it will rate the 5 stars. they were soo friendly, and i cant wait to peruse the entire meniThis place may have the most perfect patio location in Vegas!  It's located directly across from the Bellagio fountains.  You'll also have a nice view of the Eiffel Tower outside Paris.  Just make sure you come here before 6:00 or after 9:00 for dinner to avoid the hectic rush because they don't take reservations for the patio.

I had the tenderloin steak with blue cheese spread and it was delicious.  They could do a little better by serving the streaks with some sort of fresh vegetable as opposed to frites.  The frites were a bit oily and got old after while.  Otherwise the food was excellent and the location cannot be beat.Celebrated our first wedding anniversary with my wife and was very happy with both the food and service!  

For our dinner we had the Salmon Tartare, Roquefort and Fillet Mignon Merlot steaks.  The Tartare didn't impress me too much but overall it was fresh and a nice start to the dinner.  I ordered the Roquefort steak which came with a blue cheese spread and it was perfect!  I particularly enjoy bleu cheese and it had just the right amount.  My wife had the Filet Mignon Merlot which came out amazing as well.  We didn't order any sides as that was more than enough food for us.

The other reasons why this place gets a 5-stars is the service and view!  Our watier was very attentive not only to us but to all his tables and took such good care of all his tables.  We were lucky enough to sit outside on the patio and had a great view of the Bellagio water fountain.  

Overall it was a great experience and would likely recommend this place to friends looking for a good meal in Vegas.Went for breakfast recently and had a great time! The services was very friendly and attentive. I had the french toast and fresh berries and it was perfect! Slightly sweetened but crunchy. It was wonderful and I will be returning for brunch again soon!My family and I had dinner here and the wait was ridiculous! But that just goes to show you how many people want to eat here. So TIP#1: make a reservation! Unfortunately, reservations are only for the inside dining, so if you wish to sit outside and have a view of the Bellagio watershow, you have to patiently wait for that. 

They served us with fresh bread in a paper bag with chilled butter and this carrot concoction. I tried to figure out what the carrot spread was, but to no avail. It was delicious though! 

I ordered the Steak Frites Classique and other people in my party ordered the salmon and their special fish. The steak was cooked just as I had asked, and the frites were thinly sliced and very crispy. The salmon was flaky and flavorful. Lastly, the special fish (I forget what kind) was amazing. I wish I asked what kind it was. They left the skin on, which usually does not satisfy my tastes, but this time I fully appreciated it

For dessert, we ordered the chocolate tart with salted caramel ice cream and creme brulee. Though both were flavorful and delicious, they were smaller than I expected. 

Overall, it was both good service and food. I will definitely come here again!3 stars for the food, but I have to give it an extra star for the view of the strip!  We sat right on the patio and had a wonderful view of the Bellagio and of the attractive (and at times not so attractive) people walking by the strip!  The burgers here are good, but don't try the crepes--very flavorless!  I highly recommend ended your meal with a latte!  It was the best latte I've ever had!!!!Love the food.  Service is sometimes lacking.  Awesome view from patio, but they don't take reservations out there, so go early if the weather is nice.Sit out in the patio for the amazing view of the Las Vegas Strip. Anything you eat you will love.We arrived late last Sunday (Labor Day weekend) night and were immediately seated on the patio. We were a party of 4, but were waiting for 2 people. Our waiter was this wonderful spirit named Billy. At 10:45p he informed us they were only open until 11 but he would wait for the rest of our party. This was nice because most places would either rush to get the order or say its too late. Billy was patient and waited until the rest of our party arrived before telling us about the specials/menu. Even though it was the end of his shift, he was energetic, friendly and welcoming. The food was an afterthought compared to the service Billy provided, although it was delicious. 

To sum it up: great food, great service and great effort by Billy. We will be back!My wife, daughter and son-in-law recently made a road trip to Las Vegas from their home in Palo Alto. Our lunch here was perhaps my best meal there, and it was also surprisingly affordable, at least by the standards of the Vegas strip. The location is also great.

I had the steak frites classique, which was superb, and well worth the 20-some dollars I paid for it. The steak was perfectly prepared (I ordered it medium rare), and was accompanied by a large mound of interesting and tasty french fries, fresh cut into ribbon shapes. (See my daughter Adrienne M's review for photos.) I am informed that the fries taste very good cold the next day, like good potato chips. My wife had the lobster roll, which was her second choice (she had asked for the trout almondine, but was told after she ordered it that the trout had not made it to the restaurant yet that day). She was, however, very satisfied with her lobster roll, and was particularly pleased that it was served on a Maine-style bun. My SIL enjoyed his steak sandwich. My daughter wasn't wild about her chicken/brie/apple sandwich; she thought it had a sour taste. The bite she gave me did have a bit of a sour taste to it (probably from the apples), but I didn't mind it at all, although being a true carnivore I preferred my steak. 

The meal was preceded by a fabulous crusty baguette, served with butter. This didn't last long with the four of us, but a request for a second was cheerfully and promptly satisfied (no extra charge).

Service was also very good, prompt and courteous at all times.

Highly recommended for an excellent and reasonably priced meal in a town where these two descriptions often contradict one another.Great French bread loaf for the table, came here for lunch, last time it was breakfast and it was incredible. I ordered the pulled pork brisket sandwich and my BF ordered the prime steak sandwich both has the best flavor , bread was cooked and tasted great . Pulled pork was seasoned perfectly as well as the steak. The patio seating is a must , great views of the strip!!We dined al fresco on the patio across the strip (not right next to as we expected) from the Bellagio Fountains. Service was great, and our meal exceeded expectations, so much so that we joined the Lettuce Eats rewards/loyalty program.I love their steaks. They are quite yummy. I've also had the prime rib here, it is tasty. Very succulent, moist, and tender. I have also had the crepe during lunch. Great choice. It wasn't too filling and not too light either. 

One time we came here for a bachelorette party/dinner and we had to wait a little longer than our reserved time. The manager felt so bad he gave us 6-8 free appetizers on the house. We ordered all the seafood appetizers. And he was right! Not a cent charged for them! And, they were all quite delicious.

Not a huge fan of the fries... but I'll live by eating other things there :)My husband and I have eaten here many times and we are always greeted with smiling faces. We dined this past Friday night and got a table on the rail ~ we love to people watch. 

Our server was Sean and he gave us good recommendations. We had the Jumbo Crab Cake, Escargot, Caesar Salad, and for our entrees I had the Skate Wing and my Husband had the Filet. Everything was delicious, service was impeccable, and we had a fabulous time. 

A must go to when in Vegas!One of the things you HAVE to do while in Vegas ... eat breakfast.  Whether it is that crazy night or just because you are on vacation.  I'm not normally a breakfast eater, but I do like to eat breakfast while in Vegas.

Service - 5 Stars
Cleanliness - Excellent
Price - $17.58 (includes tax and tip).
Seafood - Yes, smoked salmon
Meats - Yes, chicken, bacon, steak, ham
Vegetables - Yes, salads.
Dessert - Yes
Fruits - Yes
Other - (1) Located in the Paris Hotel, (2) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here. (3) Try to get the patio seating because it's a great spot to people watch since it faces Las Vegas Blvd.

What was ordered:

Emergen-C Drink ($4.95) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Simply orange juice.  Perfect because it is packed with vitamin C, but also very tasty start for the morning.  The orange juice was served in a flute glass.  The orange juice was not overtly sweet and nicely chilled--yet a bit flat.

Three Eggs ($9.95) - A-Okay (4 Stars) - 3 eggs with your choice of crispy bacon or sausage.  All egg dishes are served with breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) and toast.  Let me give you the breakfast entree breakdown:

*3 eggs - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - You get your choice of how you want your eggs cooked--scrambled or sunny side up.  I chose scrambled and they were cooked very nicely.  Mmm, tasted so good with ketchup.  I wanted to add some Tapatio (or any hot sauce), but I didn't think they had it and was a bit embarrassed to ask for it.

*Sausage - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - You have a choice of regular or chicken sausage.  I chose regular sausage--you get 2 elongated ones.  The sausages were approximately 6 inches in length and 0.7" in diameter.  The skin were cooked to a beautiful toasty brown color.  The sausage was nothing more than porky heavenly goodness.

*Breakfast Potatoes - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - Approximately 5" x 5" square area of hash browns.  The outer portion was cooked until nicely toasted--with a perfectly soft texture on the inside.  

*Toast - Meh! I had better (2 Stars) - You get two pieces of thick toasted bread--3.5" x 3" x 1.5."  All I can really say is it felt like eating extra large croutons.

The Mon Ami Gabi staff seated us on the patio which is perfect because the weather was nice and we could people watch at the same time.  It is nice to finally relax with the family and have good food.  The food here is good, but was not extraordinary--hence my struggle.  I've rounded up so Yay! I'm a Fan!Patio is great but if there is a line, inside is nice too with the fresh air blowing thru.  So many great things about this place.  First, Frangria which a yummy french sangria (go with the pitcher it's cheaper).  Second, I am not a fan of tomato juice but had a very fun time watching people create their Bloody Mary masterpieces and the BM Bar.  Brunch here is tasty with lots of options.  I think it is difficult to go wrong.  The frites are so tasty like a classy really classy version of the potato sticks that come in the can.  Service was good by Vegas standards.  I definitely would go here again.We come here every time we come to Las Vegas, and have never been disappointed. Lovely classic service by people who are actually interested in food and proud of their jobs; a well-run bar; classic cooking with a nice edge to it; reasonable prices for the level of dining.

I had the French Onion Soup and Beef Bourguinon, husband had the Lobster Tartine and Scallops. The soup is a real win - rich onion and beef broth, a hint of sherry sweet and a generous coating of cheese over that secret broth-soaked bread. Bourguinon is made with beef cheeks, and is crazy luscious. The portion is substantial.

This is the place if you appreciate good food, and know how a restaurant should operate.Strawberry waffles... Incredible.. Chicken and Brie sandwich incredible... Chicken, broccoli and cheese crepe close to terrible. Service is the best, scenery if you sit outside is prime reeeeeal estate.  I'd say this is a must go for Vegas first second or third timers.Finally dined here for breakfast after being to Vegas multiple times, and passing by the restaurant THOUSANDS of times. Actually, I'm mad at myself for not doing it sooner! LOVE THIS PLACE! We dined in what I call "the sun room" (an area between the main dining room, and the outside patio). I loved the ambiance there. I ordered the corned beef hash and a latte, and my sweetie ordered the traditional eggs benedict. The hash was awesome! The corned beef was crispy on the edges, and the poached egg was cooked perfectly. This is a great breakfast joint without being too expensive ($10-$15 per entree), but next time I'll try eating dinner on the outside patio.We had our wedding reception in the Cafe Halle room (private dining room) at Mon Ami Gabi this past Saturday (9/27). They did such a great job. I was worried about how it would turn out considering it was a destination wedding.  The communication between our event planner, Dusty, was exceptional.  Every time I wrote her an email or called her she replied or answered within an hour or so.  The food was delicious!  We had our guests choose between the filet, salmon, or chicken and one of my guests (who is a professional chef) said it was the best wedding reception food he had ever had. They were able to set up a projector so we could do a slide show.  They also included a bottle of champagne for my husband and I to enjoy after the event.  The room was a good size for our group (we had 25 guests).  It is too small for dancing or live music, so if that is important to you this place may not work.  We chose to have a luncheon reception at 3pm versus having a dinner for two main reasons.  First off, the luncheon food and beverage minimum is half that of the dinner minimum.  Second, 3pm vegas time is dinner time on the East coast (which is where most of our guests came from).  We were able to customize our menu and select dinner entrees instead of lunch entrees.  Pricing was very fair and accurate.   We were very happy with how everything turned out and I would not hesitate to recommend them as an exceptionally excellent venue for a smaller (less than 30 guests) wedding reception!It would have been difficult to top this evening's experience at Mon Ami Gabi's. Being one who considers service to be nearly as important as the food itself, we were effectively SPOILED by our server, Chris (#93 -- ask about the numbers). The gluten-free menu was extensive, including French onion soup!! The guys ordered the sea bass (special), my friend ordered the salmon, & I ordered the chicken liver pate. We all loved our selections. The view of the water show at the Bellagio was great, especially after sunset. Chris topped off the great food and authentic French ambiance with gracious and extremely competent service. Bravo!! We'll be back. :)Great food. Service was good. The steak sandwich was cut vertically so it was hard to eat, which I think  was strange. Very positive experience overall.I was craving their frites on the last day of our trip, so my friend and I came here around 6:30ish on a Sunday night. We were able to get a table for 2 inside with no wait, though there was a 45min wait for a patio table.

-Steak Au Poivre: MY GOD did I really clean my plate the last time I was here?! It really is a huge (surface area) piece of steak, and the same gigantic pile of frites. The steak was just as tender as last time. I think this one was too peppery for my taste though (we ate a giant bag of salt&pepper Kettle Chips throughout our stay), and I prefer the Bearnaise. The frites were still the perfect, delicious love child of chips and fries.

-Bouillabaisse: I think my friend got this; our server said it was the "seafood stew special". It didn't look like much - 1-2 pieces each of various jewels of the sea like scallops, mussels, shrimp, etc - but my friend the seafood lover was super satisfied.

I also got one of the drink specials, a lemony one with Bacardi Limon, St. Germain, and club soda. I found it too sweet, but I highly recommend it to those who like the pantydropper/Smirnoff Ice family of alcohol.

A solid go-to place. If their brunch turns out to be just as good, it gets a solid 5 stars in my book :)The place was excellent just like I expected it to be. We didn't get patio seating unfortunately, so I will use that as my excuse next time to come here again! But then, this place really needs no excuse for me to dine...

The staff here are super friendly and courteous, and very efficient. Our waitress was easy to chat with, very knowledgeable about the menu, and answered even our silly questions about the humongous wine bottles decorating the restaurant. She was very on top of everything, checking periodically to make sure everything was to our liking while my friends and I dined.

Between all 4 of us, we ordered the BLT sandwich, seafood crepe, chicken crepe, and the sandwich of the day - lamb burger stuffed with roquefort cheese. The 2 sandwiches came with waffle fries and regular fries respectively. However, their fries are very different, as they are cut super super thin, so it's like eating potato chips instead of french fries. I loved this, but my friend was not quite as fond of it. We all liked our main dish though, so that was alright =). My lamb burger was juicy and oh-so-delish. The roquefort was just such yummy goodness and a perfect complement to the lamb, which was cook to a perfect medium-rare just as I requested. I can't tell you how happy that makes me when a restaurant can fulfill such a simple request such as this. You would think the request is simple but you will be amazed how many places always get it wrong.

The ambiance is very relaxing and chic, posh without being pretentious. It was a lovely experience and I can't wait to go back again!Everything we ordered for dinner here was delicious!  All of the steaks were cooked to a juicy perfection.  For a French restaurant plus a Steakhouse, the prices were not bad either.  Roughly $20-$30 for the main entrees.

I ordered the Steak Bordelaise (w/ caramelized onions and red wine sauce) and I loved the red wine sauce that it came with.  My friends ordered Filet Mignon and New York Strip Steak, which were also very juicy and flavorful. I didn't like their frites that came with the steaks very much though.  They were basically thinly-sliced fries, which I thought was too thin and salty -- almost like strips of potatoe chips.  i would have liked the option of choosing other sides, such as some veggies.

We also ordered their Shrimp Gabi (baked with butter, garlic & lemon) and Escargots (oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter) as appetizers.  The texture and flavor of both dishes were also delicious.  They also served warm bagette bread with butter when you are seated.

The view of the Bellagio fountains was not bad, since we were seated inside near their large windows.  For a better view, ask to be seated in the outside patio area.

Overall, this is a romantic place to take a date.  Plus you'll be getting quality food without the jaw-dropping pricetag.Consistently good food with a view of the fountains at bellagio.I was impressed with the eggs benedict, it had just the right amount of tang and the yolk was nice and runny.  The potatoes were done perfectly.  We sat in a perfect area, it was like a solarium, indoors but the door was open to the outdoors, with lots of sun coming in.  The inside of the restaurant was quite dark, and it was a bit chilly outside, so where we sat was perfect.  I have given 4 stars instead of 5 because the coffee was extremely inconsistent.  The first cup was so weak, it tasted like the original McDonalds coffee from years ago.  Since I was still not feeling the caffeine buzz that I needed, I figured a second cup of weak coffee wouldn't hurt.  But the second one was actually excellent.  Hoping for another excellent cup, but the third tasted burnt.  Coffee should not be so difficult, the food was excellent!  I tried my friend's quiche, it was a little too salty. (I found a lot of the food in Las Vegas was over salted)Me and hubby came for dinner one night when we went to Vegas. The food was amazing, tasty and decadent. Had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains across the street and a romantic atmosphere. Must haves: french onion soup and salmon.I was a bit hesitant to try this place at first because of my awful experiences over at Sugar Factory (also in the Paris), however I'm glad I decided to come here!  

My first visit I got:
-Escargots de Bourgogne: snails seasoned with a tasty green garlic sauce, served on a sizzling plate
-Filet Mignon Merlot : steak was about 8-10 oz. and had a delicious sauce with it
-Frites: side that comes with the steak, they are basically thinly sliced french fries which complimented my steak quite well!
-Frangria: their take of sangria and each glass only costs about $5.50...just get it

My second visit I got:
-Escargots de Bourgogne again
-Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin (Special): comes with mashed potatoes and an apple and fennel salad, the entire plate was delicious 
-Steak Au Poivre:  (boyfriend's dish) very generous serving of a flattened steak seasoned with peppercorn, also very good
-Frangria again

The service was excellent and everyone was friendly.  If you decide to come here just make sure you book a reservation because the wait here can be long (patio seating is first come first serve).My cousin and I went here for dinner. Very last min reservation but still managed to get outdoor seating so we could take advantage of the view of the bellagio water fountain show. It was cold outside but they had heating lamps which helped a lot. 

The bread was fresh and warm... We asked for seconds. This is what we ordered:
Chicken liver - it was good w mustard and our extra bread
Escargots- nothing really special
Filet mignon w wine reduction - juicy and tender. Very good
Sea scallops (entree)- very good. Made just right

The wine selection was good. Service was great. My only complaint would be the fact that there's a lot of noise from traffic and crowd. Trade-off for the water fountain show.It's our second New Year's Eve dinner celebration at Mon Ami Gabi. Last time it took us 2 hours to drive back to our hotel 1/2 mile away so this year we stayed at a timeshare within a short walk from Paris. The $200 per person special 4-course menu included champagne. Our outdoor patio table allowed a great view of the crowd on the strip sans traffic, the Bellagio water show, and later the magnificent fireworks. The food quality and preparation were top notch. The good-sized oysters/shrimp were fresh. The second course squash soup, fennel salad and foie gras were nicely prepared and presented. All in our party of six had the filet mignon which was excellent. The Domaine Chamfort Vacqueyras Rhone red blend nicely complemented our meal. The Desserts were wonderful as well. The impeccable service made it a memorable occasion.Mon Ami Gabi has been a fave brunch spot for a while now. However I've never thought of it as a dinner spot. That changed on Friday night when after seeing Jersey Boys (for the 3rd time), I took my family there as the wait for Gordon  Ramsey's was just entirely too long.  Had a fab dinner, great desserts, and absolutely no wait.Lordie it was so hot and mother was starved and exhausted from walking.  We stumbled into Mon Ami Gabi not by choice but because someone, I shall not name names, needed to void.  

We were lured in with the cool breeze but for some reason I wanted to sit outside.  It was a mistake because it was scorching hot but also a good decision because we got to watch the water show at the Bellagio at least twice during our meal.  

I thought the price was surprisingly fair for being a restaurant located on the strip.  We order escargot (favorite), chilled seafood platter, grilled salmon and spinach salad, and of course a glass of wine for me.  The total was slightly north of $100.

The escargot was pretty good, it was softer and less chewy than other placed tried.  The seafood platter was amazing, it came with maine lobster, jumbo shrimp, oysters, and salmon tartare.  This dish was shared between three people.  And lastly, we had the grilled salmon salad which was delish.  It had avocado, walnuts, blueberries, and a citrus dressing, so good.

I will definitely make a stop the next time I visit Vegas.The french toast alone is worth the trip to the strip. The steak frites is not too shabby either!The only complaint I have here is the portion size, too small!! I did enjoyed my corn hash beef and smoked salmon platter but the portion was small especially for the price. the bloody mary was good and spicy but it was served in a small glass cup.Came here the other night with the bf & six other friends. Made reservations so we were seated right away. 

The BF & I both ordered the steak & frites. I got the Dijon and the BF got the Béarnaise. We both got it medium rare. The wait was about 20-25 minutes for the food to come. We were served bread, butter & carrots that were grated while we waited for our food. 

The service was super on point ! Our server was super helpful, friendly & very accommodating. 

The food was great as well. For the Dijon steak and frites it came with Dijon butter slathered on top of the steak and the bèarnaise came with a thick but smooth cream colored sauce. The steaks were cooked on point! Super buttery & it melted in my mouth. I didn't like the fries though. They were way too salty :( so I barely touched them. The BF also didn't really touch his fries cos they were salty. Sucks because it was literally steak and fries and we couldn't enjoy the fries. :|

Overall everything was good & the service was amazing. Would def come again!One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. Their steaks are incredible, the fries are delectable, and the PROFITEROLES! LOVE THEM.This brunch at this place never disappoints! The egg white and turkey omelette is delicious!! It's a perfect balance to a Bloody Mary or an expresso martini. Make reservations ahead of time unless you want to wait 30 minutes.We love this place, went here for the first time for my anniversary and dinner was delicious my husband had a steak and fries (frites) and I had the chicken grandmere. We also love to go here for breakfast and we love the waffles and French toast. It is a tourist spot since it is right across form the Bellagio fountains and it is beautiful at night to see. I highly recommend it and am sure you wouldn't be disappointed with whatever you have.Wonderful location.  Personable service. Arrive early for patio seating.  Escargot is great.  Dip the bread in the sauce. The oysters were very good.  Ordered the filet with red wine sauce. All staff was very attentive.  Had a very enjoyable date!Food was DELICIOUS! The White Chocolate Bread Pudding was AMAZING! We had an amazing waiter who was ATTENTIVE! View of the Bellagio fountains was AWESOME! Could not have asked for anything more!Was just here this past weekend and had the Best. Time. Ever. Made reservations - highly recommended. Had the steak frites, rare, with a few vodka sodas and had the baked cheese for an appetizer. I highly recommend the baked cheese - delish!! Manager came to the table several times to check on us, and the service was amazing. Really, can't get any better than this - and the prices were decent too!went here for brunch a couple weekends ago. initially, they had sat our group on the patio at a table that had no umbrella. REALLY? the only table outside with no umbrella in 110+ heat? we immediately asked to be moved inside. luckily, they were very nice and accommodating, they moved us right away to a table inside. 

if you're eating here you have to have their steak frites! yumm. a nice long thin cut of steak served with herb butter and crispy pomme frites. They also have other topping such as a red wine reduction with carmelized onion... or bleu cheese... droolll. 

Since it was brunch I figured I should do something... brunchy. So i also ordered the blueberry french toast. This was also amazing.. fresh blueberry on top with blueberry syrup and a generous dollup of fresh whipped cream. I didn't think it was overly sweet, but then again I was pairing it with a steak so I guess it balances out. 

The service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and extra accommodating. Everyone is very friendly. 

Quick tip: there is a dress code.. men no tanks! they do give you a plain tee to wear though if you do forget!been wanting to try this place for awhile. las vegas restaurant week brought us in!!! the pre-fixed menu was wayyy to good to pass up! 

group of six of us. any group over party of five is 18 percent gratuity. which is fine but they needed check up on us more. there was couple times where we needed things.

PROS:

pate sampler plate was wonderful. (wished it came with couple more pieces of bread.)

onion soup was the tasty.

warm brie and chicken sandwich was delicious. 

CONS:

cavatelli pasta was not as flavorful. 

4 out of 6 finished waters and was not refill til 10 minutes later (after we had to flag down people). 

waiter counted our cash wrong and thought we short changed him, (we did not) had to chase us as we left paris. that was so humilating. 


even though that last part was embarassing and service wasnt great, i think i would still go back. i think most of us enjoyed our meals.Really good food! We were a party of 16 and every person walked out extremely satisfied with their meal. Prices are reasonable, especially for Vegas. Our waiter was very attentive and explained everything perfectly. This was our 3rd visit to this restaurant and I would definitely go back.I came here for the brunch and this place did not disappoint. I had the french toast which were fluffy and flavorful. I loved the fruit on top.  i would definitely come back for brunch here.Best crepe I've ever had! If you are in Vegas it's a must try! I ordered the crepe with ham and cheese and added an egg for $1. I ordered the egg over easy and it was slightly over cooked. There is out door seating which over looks the Bellagio fountains. However, the wait for outdoor seating is longer than the wait inside. We arrived at a little after 9am and we got seated almost immediately after arriving.The patio Mon Ami Gabi is simply one of the best places for breakfast in this town!   The food is great and the people watching is the BEST.   It gets pretty crowded on the patio starting at 9.30am so early is better - plus you get to see a wonderful parade of people walking the strip in their "evening clothes" after a lively night out.  The egg benedict is wonderful but if you want something lighter try the muesli - it is a fabulous mix of fruit topped with berries.BOTTOM LINE: There are enough good things about Mon Ami Gabi to deserve a four star review based on our dinner there last week. With so many restaurants in Las Vegas on the Strip, this is not one we'd necessarily seek out again unless it was a matter of convenience and timing that led us there.  But the outdoor patio seating provides a great opportunity for people watching and seeing the Bellagio fountain both, the food is good and the prices reasonable by Las Vegas standards.  So we're glad we went and can easily recommend it.

SEATING: We were a group of ten and we wanted an outdoor table so some of the folks involved  who had not been to Las Vegas before could watch the Bellagio fountains, right across the street, as they had dinner. 

Reservations are not taken for outdoor seating, and it was impressive that they could cobble together a table for ten with only about a 30 minute wait at 6:30. But what we learned from this is that Mon Ami Gabi's outdoor patio seating is probably best for couples or groups up to six just for the logistics of putting tables together. 

SERVICE: The restaurant was hopping inside and out and yet service was efficient for taking the orders and getting the food to the right diners and served at the right temperature. Not particularly friendly, but efficient worked in this case. 

FOOD: For a Las Vegas restaurant the range of choices, all with a French bistro bent, was impressive and the prices seemed more reasonable than other comparable places on the Strip. 

As example, a duck confit small plate that included a good dried cherry garnish was only about $11 and plenty for an entree for a light eater. Same with the crab cake served with a small slaw type salad for about $15. Same for the Caesar salad that was about $10. Steaks (served with pommes frites) for roughly $25.00 each. Scallop entree was about $30. And so on. Meals included some really good, crusty baguette set in the middle of the table in paper bags at the start. 

VALUE:  Total bill for ten, excluding cocktails but including a couple of beers, a couple of coffees and a soft drink,  was about $230.  A bargain by Strip standards. 

LIBATIONS: While we waited on our table, some of us adjourned to the (tiny) indoor bar for a cocktail. My hubby said his Maker's mint julep was very good and my Sidecar was one of the best I've had. Cousins in law had good things to say about their rum and cokes and whiskey and sodas. Cousin in law who picked up the tab said they were spendy. As I recall, five cocktails topped $60. 

AMBIANCE: The outdoor patio can be fun, for the reasons named in the start of this review. The indoor portion of the restaurant is actually quite large and seating in some of it offers a white tablecloth, cozy bistro ambiance. But, the indoor seating adjacent to the outdoor bar is NOT the best in the place...not the charm of inside and not the view perspective of outside and with a lot of traffic through it from wait staff and diners. So we'd recommend avoiding this section of the restaurant.

RESERVATION NOTE:  If you make a reservation (indoor seating only) you will need to provide a credit card.  Two hour in advance cancellation is required or your credit card will be charged $50 per head of the reservation. (Example, for a reservation for six people the default charge is $300.)  This isn't the only restaurant in Las Vegas to employ a similar tactic (Mesa as example does something similar).  But may be helpful to know this in advance.on the first day after arriving into vegas, we came here for lunch at the suggestion of the concierge at the hotel where we were staying. although it was a beautiful day we opted to seat inside and no wait. you still have the benefit to people watch since it's sort of an enclosed patio.  we arrived too late for breakfast, we tried the lunch menu and it was good but i was not blown away. what made me return was the amazing breakfasts that were being served- the omelettes and waffles... OMG! this place is really fun for breakfast because they encourage drinking (vegas baby). they have a bloody mary bar that allows you to make your own bloody mary for $9.99, with your choice of vodka. we did not partake but it looked fun. i also liked the fact that you can order healthy food. 
For breakfast  i ordered the LGO egg white omelet served with potatoes and your choice of toast. mr H ordered ham and cheese egg white omelet.  the preserves served with the toast is so delicious. they have some amazing coffee that i couldn't get enough of.  my only complaint is that the hostess tried to seat us in a less than desirable table (in a walled corner, flanked by two full tables). after we said no! she quickly directed us to a table that was much better.  i would return for breakfast  and hopefully try one of their waffles which i understand are made from scratch!We went here for dinner after the Super Bowl. I was taking my hunnie out for a celebration dinner since he won his bets. We got lucky and got seated right outside with a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains. Our server went through the specials and took our order. We both got their claim to fame, the steak frites. I got the filet mignon au poivre and hunnie got the bone in rib eye. Both pieces of steak were cooked to perfection and extremely flavorful. I LOVED the frites served with the steak, they complimented the meat very well. We even had room for some dessert, I ordered the profiteroles which were awesome, the pastry was flaky and tender. The food was great and so was the view. Service was just okay, our server was not very attentive, I waited forever for my drink to get refilled and our water cups were empty for most of dinner. My only other complaint is that when you sit outside you are VERY close to the other people sitting at the table next to you. I guess for a more intimate experience when its busy sit inside... I do want to come back to try the lunch or breakfast. The food is excellent and all very affordable too.One of the best meals of my life!

Request a table on the patio so you can enjoy the fountains at the Bellagio. Our meal started with a fresh baguette with whipped butter. The baked goat cheese appetizer was truly an unforgettable dish. My husband enjoyed their popular peppercorn steak with frites, and I loved the scallops over spätzle. We finished our meal with an ice cream dessert that included some sort of puffed pastry--it was divine. Service was great and the people-watching is bar none!An old long term favorite of ours. Always excellent food and excellent service. Plus great views of the strip and fountains. We usually eat here for a nice dinner (Pork Tenderloin with Bernaise Sauce). They also serve a wicked Expresso martini.

Today we opted for their breakfast servings. We open-tabled it 45mins ahead of time & were able to get a perfect strip view table just inside on this steamy morning.

We both had crepes. My wife ordered the Lemon crepe, myself the Chicken, apple, brie. Both were good. Hers was better. Great service.

Consider this an option for a reasonably priced strip view bkft in style. Hash House is still the bkft champ though....Great atmosphere, seated in 20 min for patio seat at noon. Burger was cooked perfectly, and Cubano was amazing. Best French fries ever.I've been wanting to come here forever for breakfast! My husband took me on my birthday and it was definitely worth the wait! He had made reservations and I'm glad he did, because the line for no reservations was very long for a Sunday morning. We were seated immediately, but right next to this table full of older ladies that were really loud and obnoxious. 

The server came by quickly to take our drink orders. I ordered an OJ and the husband a hot chocolate. The OJ was pretty delish and my husband thought the hot chocolate was probably one of the best he's had. I ended up with the corned beef and hash with over medium eggs with a side order of the blueberry muffin. My husband ordered the croissant sandwich with a side of potatoes. My corned beef was really really awesome! It wasn't the normal corned beef in a can and the potatoes were crispy but tasty! My muffin was good, but not sure I would get it again at 3.95 a pop. The hubster enjoyed his sandwich and I thought it was a good price for how big it was. 

Overall, 40 something bucks for breakfast can be steep, but I definitely recommend coming here with guests or if you are an out of towner. Service was attentive and it's a cute place!Came here for breakfast:
Excellent coffee
Excellent baguette/butter/jam to start
Excellent dishes (eggs benedict, crepes)
Excellent service.
I'll come back every time in in Vegas.A must every time in Vegas! I love this place, great service and food. Eggs benedict, smoked salmon platter, warm chicken and brie sandwich, chicken grand-mere, bananas fosters crepe some of the dishes i've had and they were all delicious!The perfect breakfast spot. When approaching the restaurant, it may appear that the line is out the door and not worth waiting for, but that is often for the patio. If you're willing to eat inside, you will likely be seated right away. The service is quick and pleasant. The food is amazing! I ordered the Bananas Foster Waffle, which was good, but my friend's Eggs Benedict with short rib stole the show. It may be the best eggs benedict I've ever had. I highly recommend ordering one of the chef's specials!Love their Sunday Brunch...late winter, early spring is one of the best times to have brunch there outdoors on their patioDelicious! This place is good. I had the bacon & poached egg frisee salad and it is awesome but the star of the meal is the steak frite. I had the steak bernaise and it was perfectly cooked, huge portion and $23. I have eaten here a few times and it is consistently good. My sister took a few bites of my food and told me it's the best steak frite she ever had. I don't know if I would go that far but it's damn good. Service is friendly and fast. There are a ton of great restaurants in Vegas to try but when your looking for good quality at a reasonable price it's worth going here.I enjoy this restaurant.  Its good for brunch or dinner with very good food at reasonable price.Always excellent with a great view and service. The complementary warm crunchy bread and the shaved carrot salad ate very good. The french onion soup was the best i have had. Its huge but you dont want it to finish. It made me feel in heaven. The croque monsieur is a must get too. The staff is very friendly and accommodating.Loved the fried goat cheese in tomato sauce along with dogfish 60 minutes IPA. Very nice view of the Vegas strip along with excellent serviceMon ami is really the only decent restaurant to dine in Vegas.  The irony is that it is in the Paris hotel across from the Bellagio fountains.  Every time I am in Vegas, I make sure to have lunch and/or dinner here because the food is very well prepared at reasonable rates.   

I really enjoy the seafood crepes.  It filled with scallops, shrimp, veggies, and a cream sauce.  It is very tasty and only $14.  You cannot do wrong with their steak frites.  A 14 ouce steak that would out-compete most steak-houses I know.  For $25 bucks, can't beat the price for a quality meal.  

I highly recommend grabbing a table in the patio and enjoy the people watching.  On a sunny day, the setting reminds me of sitting in a cafe on Saint Michel in actual Paris....One of my favorite places to dine when I'm in las vegas and las vegas is like a second home to me since I'm here so often...

The food is excellent but its the charm of the outdoor seating area with the awesome view of the bellagio water show at night that makes it so special...

Defintiely worth a try...bon apetit!Great breakfast!!! Croissants are delicious and you can sit and people watch on the stripA great spot for a client lunch or dinner, it's got a great hustle bustle about it, but still very fun and inviting atmosphere to be with friends or a boyfriend. It's not too loud and you can hold a conversation.This is a go-to spot on the Strip, with beautiful views of the Bellagio fountain and food that never disappoints!! Faves are the French onion soup and escargot!Gluten free menu and bread at beginning.  Steak was cooked on  point.  Tender and delicious.  Great view of Bellagio fountain.  Plan on coming back to try breakfast.I ordered the chicken that comes with mashed potatoes and mushrooms and bacon. It was delicious! Portions are big and I didn't finish all of my chicken. 

I shared the French onion soup with my boyfriend before our meal. That was good, hard to mess it up unless you go too salty but I thought it was good. 

Located in Paris on the strip and depending on where you sit, you may be able to catch the water show across the street from Bellagio!I met some colleagues here the first night of a conference ... we were a group that grew larger than planned, and the service was just impeccable. Seamless, never skipped a beat. The waiter who served us was spot-on awesome. Split the check fourteen ways? Not a problem. 

There was sidewalk dining available but I'm not sure I could imagine doing this (at least not last week when the temperatures exceeded 110 degrees) but maybe in the winter ... 

Also, a great menu ... I would like to return to enjoy other meals here (I had dinner, and this feels like it would be a good place for any time of day).Food is delicious. Fantastic atmosphere and decor. Great selection of wines. Service is perfect. Highly recommended.We had the most Amazing Baked Goat Cheese appetizer!! Our server Bryan was so sweet & attentive. The GM Lisa stopped by several times to check on us. Service was Excellent!! We will definitely be back!Solid 5 stars for me, I love everything about this place, the food, the location, the service, I always make sure to stop here at least ONCE every time I visit Vegas...steak au poivre and fish of the day never fails :) Eating French food, and drinking French wine while looking at the Bellagio fountains, and the strip...yes ! yes! yes! or should I say oui oui oui!Incredible. 

Had a late breakfast here twice. Everyone in our party loved their food including an omelet, blueberry waffles and blueberry French toast. Coffee was perfect. Service was perfect. 

The wait for the patio is well worth the view of the Bellagio fountain and priceless people-watching.We went there on Tuesday afternoon around 1 and waited about 30 minutes for a table outside, which was no problem except the hostess walked us right past a great table set for two and gave us maybe the worst table on the patio. That's the only reason I'm docking one star. 
The food was amazing though. Mark, our server who was great, recommended the ahi tuna salad. It was absolutely delicious. The salad was very refreshing and the ahi tuna was perfect! My brother had the ahi tuna burger and practically inhaled it he liked it so much. Then for dessert he got the white chocolate bread pudding and he loved that, while I got the lemon-lime sorbet. 
The service was great as well. Mark was very helpful and charming and we'll probably ask for him the next time we go. 
All in all, great service, great food! Thanks mark!Everyone must try the banana foster waffles, it will not disappoint you! Came in with clients to celebrate closing escrow and I am so happy we decided to stop by. I will DEFINITELY be back with clients, family, and friends!Let's put it this way:
I care about my food so I wouldn't want to waste a meal on chain restaurant or lowly-rated places on yelp in Vegas so Mon Ami Gabi ended up a reasonable choice.
I went with the family (seniors, no kids) and our Asian seniors ended up liking the food too (which is great as they think most food from restaurants are too greasy). 
I remember we had the Salmon fillet which was tender and full of flavor and a crepe (seafood?) that was fresh and refreshing (not greasy, hate greasy stuff)
Would highly recommend as it's a very easy choice and cannot go wrong. Not pricy eitherI wish they had more vegan/vegetarian options. That's the reason I gave it a 4 star instead of 5. This is the perfect spot to watch the water show and have a bite. Really enjoyed the French bread with shredded carrots. The Caesar salad was yummy!Of all the meals I ate while in Vegas for the weekend, this was by far the best one. 

First things first, onion soup au gratin... delicious.  The soup had an extra sweet taste to it which I'm not use to with french onion soup.  The cheese was melted perfectly and oozed of cheesy goodness.

Crab cake was in my opinion quite small and took me by surprise since the word jumbo was in front of it.  Nothing special here... when I think of crab cakes I think all crab and no breading.  Although the breading was light, I've had better.  

Eggs benedict was good and the corned beef hash was good as well.  Probably the best corn beef hash I've had.  The eggs were poached perfectly.

Nothing beats the scenery of the Bellagio Fountains.  Unfortunately, it was extremely windy that day and the show was canceled.  Luckily, we were still able to catch 1 showing before the winds picked up.this was my second time eating here and it's still my favorite restaurant in Vegas.....I'm sure there are places with better food, or a better wine list, but i'm willing to bet they are buried deep inside a hotel or a casino and no matter how much you dress them up, and decorate the room, NONE can match the amazing ambiance of Mon Ami Gabi.  The food, staff, and atmosphere are unmatched anywhere in Vegas and truly reminded me of being in Paris FR. .   If you're lucky enough to get seating on the patio, or just inside near the windows you will be treated with the amazing water fountain show at the Bellagio every fifteen minutes.  It is most definitely the most romantic place to have dinner in Vegas.......you will not be disappointed.Great French place for creeps, French onion soup, scallops, and salads! Had a little trouble this visit with loosing our complete order but they made it right!  Also, believe it or not, try their Sangria with Fresh french bread and Onion Soup!  The perfect concoction for a weonderful afternoon staring at the Bellagio Fountains!I'm giving this place 4 stars only because of the goat cheese dip! It was sooo amazing and it might be the only dish and reason why I'd even think about coming back.

Hyped up spot so my friends and I decided to come. We ordered .... the trout, daily special lamb burger stuffed with bleu cheese, seafood crepe, lobster roll, onion soup and of course the goat cheese dip.

Aside from the goat cheese dip everything else was average and not really much to rave about. 

The lamb burger had an over easy egg added to it. But to stick my fork into the yolk only to realize it was overcooked was so disappointing! How can you mess up on the egg thooo!?Yummers! My gfs took me here for my bday a few years ago and I have to say I had a great time. 

I was a little skeptical at first because I had been here, and passed by this place many, many, many times and never really saw anything too exciting about it. In fact I thought it was a chain so I was pretty turned off with the whole idea of going here.

However, it was my bff's fave place ever, so who am I to argue ... :) 

I was really shocked that its very romantic, dim, dark, but fancy in here. I enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was great. They definitely make a great and well priced french style steak here with the extremely thin cuts and the perfectly almost grate-like fried onion pieces on top. 

The location is fantastic and overall I recommend it for a big group (as we had) or a nice romantic tuck away kind of dinner especially if you're craving steak but don't want to spend CUT prices.Amazing food & Service! Well worth the wait for an outside Patio seat! We went for a romantic but reasonable "date" night and were not disappointed! Next trip I want to go back for lunch so I can get the Pate. My husband had the Steak with Green Peppercorn sauce and it melted in my mouth. My fish was juicy and flavorful. You must eat here!Visited here in January 2017. Had brunch and dinner, both were fabulous. They had absolutely the best onion soup I have ever had. The hanger steak was excellent. Will definitely be back.Loved everything about dinner here. From the hot bread in the paper wrapper through the creme brulee, everything was excellent!

We had a reservation that we were a little late for, and were still seated no problem. The by-the-glass wine list has a nice variety of choices, and I thought it was a nice touch that they had us try the wine the way they would if you bought a bottle.

Three of us had the filet mignon with merlot butter and frites, and it was heaven on a plate. Perfectly cooked and dripping in that delicious butter, it was one of, if not the, best steak I've ever had. The frites that it comes with were a pleasant surprise. I was expecting something more like steak fries, which I'm not a HUGE fan of, and the crispy delicious little potato ribbons got even better when dragged through some of the extra merlot butter. 

For dessert we split creme brulee and bananas foster crepes. I don't eat bananas, but everyone else said they were super tasty, and the creme brulee was silky and not too sweet. Loved it.

Service was friendly and efficient without being obtrusive. And for the quality of the service and food, and that the restaurant is right on the strip, it really wasn't that expensive. I'd highly recommend it!What hasn't been said about this wonderful restaurant? The bread, French onion soup, escargot, and steak frites were all delicious. Those not willing to pay for a good meal should stay away.Excellent restaurant that was able to accommodate 11 in only 2 hours notice. 
Fair price too for such a large crowd. 

Had their bleu cheese burger which was fantastic.The steak classique is by far the best on the menu, and the baked goat cheese is what dreams are made of. Do yourself a favor and get both...you will not be disappointed.Taking price into consideration, the food here is nothing exceptional...greasy French bistro stuff. But the view from the patio is exceptional for people-watching! It faces right out onto the Vegas Strip, so you'll get an eyeful of the wacky passers-by and street freaks, with the occasional spouting of the Bellagio fountains across the street to liven things up.

If there are no seats available on the patio, however...no dice. The food isn't worth coming here without the view.Amazing food for a reasonable (ish) price! The escargot is an absolute MUSTHaving done Vegas (at least once) every year for the past few years, it's nice to finally find a restaurant that is not overpriced, doesn't make you feel super-touristy (even while you're eating right on the strip), and has decent food.  Based on the food, I would give it more like a 3.5 stars but I'm going to round it up for pricing and service.

First of all, I have to say the service was wonderful - never rushed and the food coming in at perfect intervals.  By some stroke of bon fortuna, my sister and I were seated immediately on the patio even though it was a Saturday night and the restaurant was already packed to the max with diners.  Once seated, we were served our waters almost immediately and given our very own small baguette.  The baguette was good, but the complimentary creamy carrot-based dipping sauce it came with was perfection!  I hope they put that on their regular menu because I would pay for that.

Our waiter took our orders pretty promptly which gave us enough time to sit and relax and watch the Bellagio fountain show before our app showed up.  We had the escargot to start off with.  They serve you 6 of these bad boys, already de-shelled and therefore not so intimidating for first-timers like us.  They were absolutely delicious - covered in enough butter and garlic and herbs to make you forget you were eating a snail.  

Their fish is supposed to be fresh everyday which is always a plus for this Californian.  So for our main course, I ordered the skate and my sister had the trout.  The skate was too salty, but had a decent amount of butter to keep it edible.  Skate is pretty tasty on its own so I wasn't sure why they had to drench that thing with so much salt.  The fancy garlic potato chips and mixed veggie accompaniment were very good however.  My sister's trout was exactly what I expected it to taste like - which is to say it tasted more like trout with butter and lemon and less like a salty hot mess like mine did.  

The total bill came out to, what?  $55?  Wow, you can eat good food for a good price on the strip!  Overall, the food had some highs and lows but the service along with the beautiful views were enough to make for the beginning of a good night in Vegas.I went here for lunch and the place was packed. I finally found a seat at the bar which I was glad to have. The bartender was wonderful and put up with my obnoxious "surprise me" request for a good drink and did not disappoint! I had the French onion soup and it was one of the best I've ever had. They had it down to a t. If you're looking for a great place to have a meal in Vegas I'd say this is in my top 3 recommendations!Just always awesome!!!! I love it!!! It's now become a tradition for me when I come to Vegas, its a must go! Enjoy people! I do every time!!!!! Oh and the hash for breakfast...AMAZING!! :)Walked in and waited 10mins to sit inside with a couple of friends for dinner.

Food:
1. Escargo - The escargo was tender but lacked flavor.  lots of butter used.
2. Mussels - Mussels were not fresh fresh but the white wine with herb sauce was flavorful.
3. Seared Salmon - The sear was beautiful but the sauce needs work.  It lacked flavor and was to soupy.  I think the salmon would have been better without the sauce.
4. Roasted Chicken - crispy herb skin and very moist inside.
5. Hanger steak - cooked medium rare with merlot butter.  The butter was fantastic.

Overall, I would come back to try there other dishes.Amazing place and the food tasted just perfect! Our chef was also super nice I knowledgable and I leaned where wasabi comes from and how it's made :)Everyone needs to go to Mon Ami Gabi!  Breakfast starts at 7:00 a.m. so I go early to get an outside patio table.  The view of the Strip plus the incredible breakfast options makes for one happy girl!  They have thin pancakes/crepes and all of the egg dishes that your heart can desire.  I usually get the egg white and turkey omelette with the tomato relish on the side.  Their coffee is tasty!We were looking for a place to eat breakfast this morning and I did some searching on Yelp, it looked like the Paris Casino and Hotel had several good option, the first that had come to mind was the crepe place inside the casino. 

However, we did walk by Mon Ami first and I must admit I wanted to stop right then and there and grab a table. However, we went through the hotel and saw the crepe place and decided that we should go back to Mon Ami.

We were seated quickly, opting for an outside table as it wasn't too hot out yet (it has been up to like 108 most days we have been here). 

The waiter quickly brought us ice waters and a soda for my wife and a fantastic cup of coffee for me. He told us about their specials and we looked over the menu and decided upon out breakfast.

I went with the traditional Eggs Benedict and my wife had poached eggs, sausage and toast. 

Being an amateur baker I also wanted to try their "Homemade Brioche", the waiter tried to talk us into blueberry french toast instead, which did sound tasty, but I really wanted to try their brioche, as to compare it to the brioche that I have made myself.

Our food took a little while to come out, but our waiter kept our drinks refilled and remembered to bring me more creamer when it looked like I was about to run out. 

Our breakfast came and everything looked good (I will post pictures later). The toast that came out for my wife's breakfast looked like it came from a nice rustic loaf and was cut on the bias. 

We enjoyed our food and I munched on the toasted brioche, smearing it with butter and jam (though it really didn't need any more butter). I found the brioche to be good, but my preference would have been for a bit more honey and to have it be toasted a little bit longer.

All in all, the meal was good, the service was excellent, I would definitely have breakfast there again!Lady had the lemon chicken paillard and I had the seared sea scallops. One of the most memorable and delicious meals we have had together. This was 3 years ago.The best sit down non-buffet breakfast in Vegas.  The eggs Benedict is to die for!!  My only complaint was being seated in the sun on the patio with no line of air conditioning-in June!Let me just say in all the years I've gone to Vegas I'm so sad I've missed out on this place! It's a gem and I think a little underrated ! It's so good and really has an amazing simple take on classic French food. The service is awesome and there was hardly a wait yet the place was packed ! The bread they serve you is amazing as well. I had the steak frites and my boyfriend got the duck and pork belly casole which was to die for ! If you're looking for an affordable French food here in Las Vegas this should be your go to !It was my first time having French food and I'm glad this was the place to be my first. Their French onion soup was a great start to the meal. They make it traditionally (of course) which made the soup even better. I went with a fairly large group of friends so I was able to try multiple entrees. They all tasted great so you can't really go wrong with any of the dishes. It's all about your preference and what you're craving. I recommend making reservations beforehand, because the wait time can get pretty long!We booked our 12:30 reservation through yelp an hour or so before. Upon arrival, we were seated within 10 minutes to a nice table in the covered area near the patio. I was relieved since it was really windy and surprising chilly outside. The restaurant was pretty busy, but we received ample attention; the server was really sweet.

I love baguette, and a good size was served in the beginning wrapped in a Mon Ami Gabi bag with butter. It came in a Mon Ami Gabi bag; it was cute how you're left to just tear a piece of bread for your enjoyment rather than coming out cut in a basket.

Food:
Chopped Greens & 7 Vegetables (Lunch Menu): had it without the blue cheese, came tossed & with avocado / The salad had more content than its name gives it credit for. It came with bacon, and personally, I'm not a bacon person, but it was some good bacon. It was thicker than normal breakfast bacon and gave the salad a nice balance since I didn't add chicken or anything.

Corned Beef Hash & Poached Eggs (Brunch Menu): Good quality meat, well-poached eggs, yolk was used to mix the meal together / People who enjoy hash and like their eggs poached will love the item.

I felt the menu was a bit limited, but still had a great brunch. Food, ambiance, service, and people were all great.The view was amazing!  I would come here again just because of location and the great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Service was great too.  After we started eating, our table had to be slightly shifted to make room for a wheelchair.  So the manager came to us, apologized, and moved the table by a few inches and then offered to give us free desserts.

The food on the other hand was so-so, yet surprisingly filling.  Overall I would recommend this place, people definitely come here for the experience.I have been there for breakfast, nice view of the strip and fountains of bellagio, romantic seating , food is ok not the best i ever had, good service. they are always busyThe Steak Bordelaise was really good. I feel like I'm not a great judge of the quality of the cook of the meat, since I don't often like to eat steak though. 

Mon ami gabi is accross the street from the Bellagio, so you can see the water show at night.I liked it. It wasn't overly gourmet breakfast fare but it was on par with bouchon. It's typical French breakfast food, sophisticated. I had the French onion soup which was available on the "not breakfast" section, and it was hearty, but could use a little bit more seasoning. My second item I ordered was the smoked salmon and bagel, which was straightforward and clean. The smoke on the salmon was not overly harsh and I can still taste the salmon, also served with pickled garnishes which added a unique background flavour. A coulis/jam and cream cheese were the condiments, which I have nothing to say about, they were what they were. I was eating with family and they ordered items such as the flat pancakes which were well made. Otherwise, it's a humble, friendly, welcoming, busy environment, our waiter was smooth and organized, but it felt too much like bouchon though.I've been here 3 times because I love the outdoor seating, 1) because i love people watching 2) it's right in front of the Bellagio water show

Of course the service is always great. The bread is  served nice and warm, and i do love french bread! Every single time I have been here I ordered a chopped salad because it is seriously the best chopped salad I've eaten, IN MY LIFE. The first 2 visits here the salad was different so they might have changed their menu because when I tried it a couple days ago it wasnt as good as i remembered. 

I am now eager to try something new, maybe breakfast? (If I could ever get my butt up in time)Great location! right across from the fountains at the Bellagio and on the street for people watching.  We ate outside and even though it was 90 degrees, the AC was cranked up inside and leaked out to the outside tables.  I do not like to be hot, so it was perfect! 
Had the onion soup, it was only OK, sweet without any beef or onion flavor.  Ordered the filet, medium rare.  First one came out well done. The second one raw in the middle. The third one cam out medium instead of medium rare, but I ate it anyway.  It was good, but would have been great if it had been properly cooked. My husband got the NY strip and it came out perfect. It is huge at 16 oz. The waiter tried his best, but the kitchen let us down.  
Four stars for hubby's meal and mine steak once it was done properly, other wise 5 stars for location and the rest of the food.Went there for breakfast and dinner. Loved it both times. Steak and frites is great (and not pricey for the location!).This is my second time here, gotta love their patio seats, you get to enjoy the views while having good foods. 

We ordered the seafood platter to share, their seafoods are just sooo fresh. I'm a seafood lover so trust me on this. My medium rare filet Mignon merlot was cooked to perfection. My friends ordered the trout and ragu, they said the trout was just alright but the ragu was very tender. 

I would come back again soon.Came here for dinner before a show, and it was solid! Keep in mind, though, this place would probably be getting 3 stars if it wasn't in Vegas- the $$ places seen to be a little more overwhelmed/lower quality than in less hectic places! We sat inside because the wait for a table on the patio would've been ridiculous and we'd miss our show, but it's a great location with a great view! The meal starts with a complementary baguette and butter. The baguette probably wasn't actually freshly baked, but it was nice and warm with a crisp crust! We ordered the chicken liver pate which had a nice buttery flavor and came with some tasty cornichons and olives. Each of us then got one of the steaks- the bf got the steak au poivre and I got the steak bordelaise. They were both tasty! The steak au poivre had just enough pepper, and the bordelaise had a great mushroom sauce on top. The portions were also pretty large, which is also a plus! And of course, the frites were great and the perfect crispy complement to our steaks. Overall, would recommend to anyone visiting Vegas, especially if you want a great view. I might try the brunch instead of dinner though, since it looks like brunch might be even better!On a gorgeous day like today, sit in the patio!  I usually do even if it's not a gorgeous day, rare for Vegas to not be gorge!!  The outside patio and bar are wonderful.  

Opened at 7am!  I had no clue until our fantastic server Patrick informed us.  When they have the Lamb Burger special, don't even look at the menu!  Order it!  

I LOVE the Steak and frites with either the Cabernet or Peppercorn Sauce!  

The Ham and Cheese Crepe is also absolutely tasty with this béchamel rich sauce, the crepe is cooked to perfection and I always add peas.  Kudos to the chefs & all of the staff.  After eating here multiple times, I only wish I would've started yelping since then.  Even the puréed peas are so tasty!  You taste mint and Parmesan with olive oil in it mmm!

The Mussels Mariniere has this buttery white wine sauce that pairs so well with champagne.  I could eat that everyday.  Even dipping the frites into the rich sauce was meal enough.  Deliscious!!  

Add the Bellagio fountains, music, view of Caesar's, Cosmopolitan and random street performers... To me equals a glorious day.  

The Rosé is great along with an awesome wine list & cart!

Lots of places to conveniently walk to from the new Ballys shops onto either the Cromwell or over the West skywalk bridge to beautiful Bellagio... Also save yourself on the new MGM parking fees!Totally love this restaurant.  It's romantic, the food is delicate.  Chicken breast cooked just right, very tender and juicy.  And I totally fell in love with the green sauce underneath, which is made from vegetable puree.  Baguette was delicious warm and chewy.  Just how I like it.  Don't remember much of the jumbo crab cake.  Guess it's about the same as other stores.  I love My endive goat cheese salad.  The flavor was actually simple and not overpowering the endive, which is crispy and sweet.Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to go and sit on the patio. It is always busy and you def. need a reservation. The steaks and fish are great. They have a nice wine selection.

I have been here many times with big groups. The prime rib seems to be a group favorite. I personally love the fish. 

I think the prices are fair and it is a great tourist attraction.Saturday morning brunch was awesome. We didn't have a reservation (wandered down in the 9 am hour) and waited just minutes to get a table outside.

I totally recommend waiting for a table outside. The view of the Bellagio is gorgeous and people watching is prime.

I had the ham and cheese omelet. It was light and fluffy and flavorful. The hash browns were cooked perfectly. The toast crunchy and jam just right. I had some iced tea and a mimosa. I'd say the mimosa was 98% champagne with a splash of OJ.

Mom had fabulous looking waffles with fresh fruit and whipped cream. She ate every bite and raved over the coffee.Outdoor seating is great for people watching and seeing the Bellagio Fountains.  Mon Ami Gabi was a family affair before seeing our show at the Rio.  It was a great reminder of my recent trip to Paris.  Some of the food was just fantastic, but others lacked flavor.  
As a party of five, we started off with a carafe of "Frangria," which was fantastic!  Then had three different appetizers to share:  Warm Brie Cheese, Warm Duck Confit Salad, and the Mussels Mariniere. Two Onion Soups au Gratin.  Then for our individual entrees we ordered:  Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad, Steak Classique, Bone-in Ribeye, Sea Scallops, "Poisson du Jour" = Sea Bass w/ Roasted Corn Couscous.  Being so full, we still had room for dessert...(drum roll please)... Bananas Foster Crepe.  
In summary, here's what I would definitely get again and what items I would pass up.  
Five Stars:  Frangria, Mussels Mariniere (so memorable!), Warm Brie Cheese--was finished off, but I personally didn't have any because I'm not a cheese person, Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad (yummy poached egg!), Bone-in Ribeye (perfectly cooked and juicy), Sea Scallops, Bananas Fosters Crepe
Faaaaahget about it:  Warm Duck Confit Salad (supbar duck confit to the ones served in Paris--lacked salt/flavor), Onion Soup (not impressive--didn't have a depth of flavor was was too sweet, plus the cheese wasn't gooey), Steak Classique (ehhh....least the fries were good)Our breakfast experience was wonderful. Sitting on the patio overlooking The Strip - delightful. Well executed, eye-pleasing food. Meticulous service.  My only regret is not catching the name of our server; he was the best we have experienced so far on this trip to Vegas.  Gluten free toast for my husband was a pleasant surprise.Initially, this place looks like your typical fine dining place that will break the bank but their prices are reasonable and they put quality in the taste of their food, so you get the fine dining quality but without the price.Even though we made a reservation. the outside patio is the place to eat because you can view the water fountain show at bellagio but in order to reserve that particular area, we had to wait another hour and a half because it is on a first come first serve basis, but we didnt  mind, It was worth the wait. As for the food,   I got the filet mignon with this white cream on top and my husband got a filet mignon merlot.  Both were good, but I would get the filet mignon merlot..soo good. Caesar salad was tasty  Overall service was friendly, no snootiness ever felt.  I would go back.Ahead of our trip to Las Vegas I did a lot        of work figuring out where to eat.Mon Ami Gabi was recommended highly.It did not disappoint.From its ambiance to our service and most of the amazing food everyone had a wonderful experience.The only thing better than hearing "We have a full bar" when you go out at night is hearing "We have a full ESPRESSO bar" the next morning. 

I sipped on a cup of foamy cappuccino on the patio of Mon Ami Gabi at Paris looking idly over at the Italian Lake Bellagio. The world suddenly felt smaller. Only in Vegas. 

A short complimentary baguette started up our appetite, followed by our order of Fall Mushroom Soup, poured at the table into a bowl of creme fraiche, chives, and dried mushrooms. It prepared our palate perfectly for the rest of the meal.

The next dish, Housemade Country Paté, fell a bit short, needing flavor and a softer texture if one hopes to spread it onto the accompanying toast. It came topped with whole grain mustard and flanked by pickled mini cucumbers, pearl onions, and olives. 

The Duck Leg Confit compensated by being perfectly cooked, tenderly shredding under the fork. The flavors met all expectations I had for this classic French favorite. It was accompanied by a bed of lentils.

Vegas is a paradoxical portal into a world of vulgarity and refinement, and at Mon Ami Gabi, I started the day with the latter, although I can't promise my escapades didn't end with the former.Good food, nice view of Bellagio, the best place to hang out when the sun is out.Thanks to birthday girl this was a nice spot to enjoy a nice evening talking about random things not meant for the dinner table! Haha.. good times! 

Nice view of that fountain across the street weeee...I thought we're in a drought? Great for people watching if you're sitting in the patio. We sat inside, but it was still kinda hot. 

We all had a bite of the dishes we ordered... I really enjoyed my flattened herb chicken breast and salad. Mmmm butter! I also liked the filet mignon...soft and tender...

Yes...order a bottle of wine to go with your meal. You might as well if you're going to have more than one glass!The four stars are for the absolutely awesome service! Our waiter was perfectly attentive in just the right way. My hubby only had to ask once for more cream, from that point on it was brought automatically. 

I decided to order the Nutella Waffle and a side of Date-Glazed Bacon. Instead of the large waffle covered in Nutella I was imagining, my plate had five mini waffles dusted with powdered sugar. Upon closer inspection I could see that the Nutella was actually baked inside the waffles. I immediately covered each waffle with the provided syrup and whipped cream (they give the perfect amount of each). The edges of the waffles had quite a crisp to them and the center was pretty full of Nutella. 

The bacon was decently thick cut and nicely cooked, but I have to say that the date flavor didn't really come through....

My husband, on the other hand, was absolutely smitten with his Eggs Benedict Special. He said it had the most delicate hollandaise sauce he'd ever tasted and that the chives on top provided the perfect punch of flavor. 

I would suggest downloading the app Lettuce Entertain You so you can get points every time you eat here. Also, make your reservation on Open Table so you can get points there, too.As a Las Vegas resident i was lucky enough to eat here a dozen times. Ive taken few dates here and even took my mom for mothers day. Food is always delicious service is quick and pleasant. Prices are just right for gourmet food (especially during happy hour)! I always get patio table because i can watch the fountain show. Defiantly would rate it as one of my top choices for eating out with style. I recommend this pace to everyone including YOU!Went here for the first time on Valentine's Day and had a great time.

The Food: 

I would give the food 4 1/2 stars.  The warm baguette they give you to start was delicious.  We ordered the Warm Brie for our appetizer and really enjoyed the whole dish.  The Brie comes with three large croutons and you can use your baguette to finish it up.  This was my first time getting French Onion Soup and I'm hooked.  It was perfectly cheesy and didn't taste watered down like some yelpers have commented.  For our entrees, my girlfriend and I both ordered the flat steaks with frites.  She got the classique which has a seasoned butter topping while I got the bordelaise - carmelized onion/red wine topping.  My steak was perfectly cooked and a lot thicker than some have commented.  They did go a little overboard with the onion topping.  I wouldn't order that one again.  My girlfriend's on the other hand had just a tiny scoop of butter.  Her steak was chewier than mine as she got unlucky with a piece that had a fatty/cartilage line that ran through her whole steak.  The frites were good and the dishes overall were good.  We ordered a side of brussel sprouts and bacon which were good.  For dessert, we got the pineapple bread pudding.  It was flavorful but would not order it again.  Too heavy.  And it was more like pineapple french toast than bread pudding.

The Service:

The service overall was average.  I would give it a 3.  It was better in the first half of our meal and got worse through the night.  Water refills came quick, but the person refilling waters did not refill anything else.  So it was always a long wait for the server to bring by a new soda, etc.  The table was bussed quickly until we were done with our entrees.  We probably waited 15 min after we were done before our waiter came by to see if we wanted dessert.  The server was just ok.  Not too friendly.  I know that waiters hate holidays like Valentine's Day because people linger.  But we are actually quick eaters and could have shaved off 20-30 minutes with more attentive service.  

The Atmosphere:

Check-in was pretty easy and there was just a short wait for our table.  We decided not to request a patio table, as we didn't want to endure the 1 1/2 hour wait.  We figured we could try for a patio at brunch some time.  The restaurant manages to be crowded and loud while still being romantic.  I prefer this over a quiet restaurant where you can hear everything the people next to you are talking about.  

Overall, this place was good.  We enjoyed this far more than the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  We will definitely return to try the brunch.  We'd probably only come back for dinner on a special occasion.Mon Ami Gabi was probably the most reasonably priced lunch I've had in Vegas. The service was utter crap, as our waitress was textbook awkward, but I'm not sure that I really cared all that much, come to think of it.

To set this review up: One of the things I dreaded most about this last trip to Vegas, was the amount of money I would be pouring on food, given my girlfriend is a very demanding foodie, and this was her birthday weekend, so she had very high expectations (and damnit, she is demanding!). However, I was at ease while looking through Mon Ami Gabi's menu online.. and she loves French food, so I thought this place would be a good fit for the both of us.

This is what we ordered:
Me: Prime Steak Sandwich $14
Her: Seafood Crepe $14 and Sangria $5

You also get a complimentary baguette (that's fancy for skinny French bread) w/ butter.

The prime steak sandwich was very good, and I believe my girlfriend enjoyed her seafood crepe and sangria. Yes, she always orders a sangria, even with lunch. But guess what, I didn't mind because the sangria here only cost $5! So drink here instead of above at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, where the drinks are $20 (I know, because I had to pay for them later that night!).

I'm surprising myself by giving Mon Ami Gabi 4 stars, for a good meal, comfortable patio seating, and reasonable pricing. I would definitely return here again and take a chance that our next server will not be terrible.. after all, Vegas is about gambling right?I made a reservation at 6:30pm in advance, so was seated right away. The server helped me order for 4 people instead of 5 because my grandma and mom weren't that hungry. I asked to order Frisee, Kale & Warm Bacon Salad, Wild Escargots de Bourgogne, two Onion Soups Au Gratin, Classique steak and Chilled Seafood Platter. However, the server recommened one more entree, Grilled Pork Tenderloin because their portions are not enough. I also remember I wasn't satisfied with the portion last time. The foods were great, but a little bit salty. Also, I brought my family including 83 year old grandma here and she said she couldn't see what she was eating because it was too dark inside for her. I should've asked to sit outside instead for her. 

Since I haven't explorer French dishes much yet, I will come back and try other foods if I'm coming back to Vegas in near future.So good!!! I'm in love eith the mussels and the steak frites!  Gonna keep coming back every time I go to Vegas for sure...make sure you make a reservation though because it gets pretty busyThis is my go-to staple breakfast place anytime I'm in Vegas (which happens to be about 4-5 times a year!) I haven't stayed at Paris in a long time, but find this restaurant to be worth the cab ride for a big breakfast. I'll wake up early for it ( which isn't always easy in Vegas), and I'll even eat alone if no one wants to get up with me. It's that good! 

I love pretty much everything on their menu, including their fresh baguettes, that are served with Nutella, and their other pastry, French toast, and waffle items. But, the breakfast I usually stick to is the Croque Monseiur. Two crispy pieces of bread with melted gruyere cheese in between, served with an egg over easy on top. Heaven on a plate! Also must have is their coffee, which is served in a cup, or if you love it like I do, can be served in a bowl. Yeah, it's a bit weird to sip coffee out of a bowl, but I'll do it. Because it's that good! Sitting on their patio, overlooking the strip with this meal, just can't be beat!

Can't wait to head back...yum, yum!Good food and you can't beat the price for dining on the strip. We loved eating the warm and crunchy French bread while waiting for our food. They don't take reservation if you want to sit outside on the patio. We usually made reservation for the dining room and when we arrive at the restaurant, if the wait for the patio is less than 30 minutes, we will wait and cancel the main dining room because it's worth it. Great for people watching and the view from Bellagio's fountain can't be beat. My favorite appetizer is the chicken pate.Great place for brunch.  My wife had made a reservation and, once again, she nailed it.  We were not disappointed (except for the service, read below).  

We started with a carafe of the Frangria, which is awesome.  However, had I spotted it sooner, I would have ordered the self-serve Bloody Mary bar.

I started with the house-made pate.  It was delicious but the portion was huge.  I needed about 1/2 the portion but it was so good, I ate all of it.  My wife had the Butter Lettuce salad.

For our brunch entrees, my wife had the Ham and Cheese Crepe.  She seemed to like it.  I had the Seafood Crepe.  It was very good but my shrimp were overdone.

Overall, this was a delicious brunch.  I like the fact that our table was in the sun room.  I also like the fact that you don't have to walk through the entire casino to get to it.

One critique.  I don't know what happened but about midway through our meal, our server started ignoring us and when she did come by, she was very short with us.  It didn't start out that way so I'm not sure if we did something or not.  Hey Roxanne, you are the sole reason this isn't a 5 star review.First time visit last weekend. We were a party of 18. I had the steak au poivre. OH SOO YUMMY! The sauce was to die for. THE FRIES.. you have never had fries like this.. and they went so well with the sauce. Someone ordered the muscles and the sauce and the muscles were also delicious!
The French baguettes they serve with your meal was great. WE had Different sides and all were good. We ordered a few desserts and also all were devoured..
I conducted a survey of our party of 18 and everyone LOVED THE PLACE!
The service was great too.
Place is a bit noisy, though I am sure our party added to the noise!
You can sit outside and have a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!
Bon Appetit!We went here for a fantastic breakfast on our way out of town and I must say, I wouldn't have expected the kind of service we got at a 5 star dinner restaurant. The staff was on top of it all of the way through the meal. I never once had to ask for a refill, cal for a waitress or push my plate out of the way when I was done. The ambiance was great with white starched linen cloths and a French flair. I can't wait to go here for dinner.Mon amie gabi is super fancy and the service is good the free bread was beyond your average olive garden.  Worth it just for the conservatory seating experience. All in all good people good times and the steak rocks.Can I just say... Oh. My. Goodness. 

My friend and I went to Vegas to see J Lo. This morning we were starving and I looked up places to have brunch. Min Ami Gabi has good reviews do we decided to check it out. 

We both love Bloody Mary's and we were thrilled with the top shelf Bloody Mary bar for only $12 (a STEAL in Vegas). We ordered to eggs Benedict and the blueberry waffles to split. The eggs were very very good. But the waffles... I don't eat a lot of sugar. When I buy into these waffles I literally teared up. They were THAT good that they made me cry. If that's not a great review,I don't know what is. Next time I come to Vegas I plan on ONLY eating here. Breakfast lunch and dinner!I had the filet mignon for like less than 40$!! I will be going back, just don't get the frites they were sad.Ah, Mon Ami Gabi. What can I say?  Well let's see..................

Mon Ami Gabi is our go to restaurant whenever any friends or family from out of town show up on our doorstep.  The food is always excellent, the service for the most part is always top rate and mostly it is the French Vibe the place gives off. If however, French Vibes are not your thing, go for the food anyway. 

The restaurant consists of basically 3 rooms. The back room is a bit on the dark side where you can imagine Victor Hugo sitting and enjoying a glass of Absinthe (sorry, not available here) and writing his next great masterpiece. The front room is very light and airy where you can imagine Truffault and Deneauve discussing their next cinematic project  over an amusing Beaujolais. The best of the three is the outdoor patio, which has to be the best patio dining in Las Vegas. Pure Paris.....Fresh air, the fountains of Bellagio with music across the street and a constant stream of people to observe and try and figure out.  Be warned that no reservations are accepted for the patio, so a brief wait may be in store, but if time is important you can reserve a table indoors.

Food, Oh yes.............They do serve it. 

You can not go wrong with any of the 3 Steak Frites versions. The French onion soup is to die for as are the Scallops.  Salads and Quiches are also excellent , and any of the desserts will please. They have quite an extensive Wine List, but if You ask for the House Wine which is kind of hidden on the list You will get a Bottle from Louis Latour or George Duboeuf depending on your preference.

We were there on opening day and I can't even count how many times since. By Las Vegas prices, it is a place you can bring company to and still have a couple of bucks left to try your luck in the casino. Bon Appetite.We've eaten here twice now and both times were really good!  Our last visit we were able to sit out front and enjoy the most amazing views of Las Vegas.  The service is exceptional. It's a nice restaurant but definitely not stuffy.  Love the wine selection as well as the baked Brie (just wish it was bigger).  We will now be making this a Vegas tradition.  It's best to make a reservation for dinner, it's pretty popular.While staying at the Bellagio last summer I was up with the sun, but my compadres were straight knocked out. So I figured I should take a walk around Vegas and see what's going on at the butt crack of dawn.  I had a croissant sandwich.  The eggs were fluffy, the croissant was flaky and buttery. So delicious. The avocado was a wonderful touch.  Really enjoyed my breakfast. I was able to sit out on the patio and watch the Bellagio waterworks and the very, very, interesting people walking by.  

I was seated and served promptly with regular water refills.  

Inside is really dark so not recommended for a breakfast, but could be quite nice for a dinner date.  I was really pleased with the place and if I ever have the misfortune of finding myself in Vegas again, I will definitely return.Perfect food, perfect location. Mon Ami Gabi was an amazing dining experience. It's located in the Paris casino on the Vegas Strip. It is a must that you define al fresco here.
My friends took me here for my birthday, and it did not disappoint.
The bread was placed on our table in a bag, similar to a baguette bag. It was crusty on the outside, soft on the inside. The butter was sweet and spreadable and creamy, that had to be handmade on site. It was so good.
We started off with a full carafe of frangria, their twist on sangria, which was a wonderful  blend of fruit and alcohol. Not too sweet, but not overpowered by alcohol.
For starters we had the duck leg confit, this was the star of the meal. It came with sweet onions and lentils. Fall off the bone tender.
Entrees, 2 of us had the scallops, one had steak frites and the other had the roasted chicken.
The scallops, 4 large, were served with a side of sauteed mushrooms on a bed of sweet potato puree. Absolutely delicious, I couldnt finish mine. The scallops were perfectly tender and flavorful.
The steak was a perfect medium rare and my friend asked for green beans instead of fries, which they were fine with. According to her, the meal was one of the best she has ever had.
My other friend had the chicken, which was served with garlic mashed potatoes. Here too, the chicked was succulent and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were amazing.
For desert we had coffee and shared the pecan chocolate bar with a dollop of creme fraiche. It tasted like a fancy turtle. So delicious. The crust was this perfect biscuit/wafer.
Mon Ami Gabi is located right across from the Bellagio, which has a fountain show every night. So stunningly beautiful.
Our waitress Sarah was very attentive and she never hovered. She took a few snaps for us with the fountain show as background.
Overall the best dining experience ever!If you enjoy decent food and good service, this may be a good choice for you. I came here on a tuesday morning so there was no wait. Usually on the weekend it's best to make reservations because this place is packed!

I ordered the Merlot steak for lunch and it was delicious! The merlot wine mixed well and made the steak very flavorful. This is one of their signature dish. My girlfriend had their prime steak sandwich which she did not enjoy too much due to the lack of greens. My previous visit with Mon ami I ordered their lobster roll which I did not find all that impressive.

Service has always been top notch. Although not all the items on the menu may be favorable to an individual's particular taste I believe that there are certain dishes that are worth coming back for. This restaurant has a great view of the bellagio fountain.Loved this restaurant. Food, location and ambiance.....all wonderful. Didn't get to sit on patio because of the rain, but still had a wonderful view of the fountains at the Bellagio!!!!Being a local in Vegas, Strip dining is usually overpriced, smaller portions, and food is not so spectacular for what you pay for.

I was actually pretty impressed with Mon Ami Gabi. Prices are decent and reasonable, food is great, and the location is a plus. I was actually pleasantly surprised with my 1st visit. I have been back multiple times since.Always come here at least once on every Vegas trip.  Excellent eggs Benedict... Waiters and waitresses are top-notch!Ok is a most go in  Vegas ! If you want to eat in the best spot in Vegas is here !! 
First you have the bellagio fountain in front of you !! And French food always is expensive here not !! The size are perfect no little !! Very good size
The oven goat cheese is a most ! And the Merlot meat !! Also ! The scargot were ok , nothing to say ! 
But everything else perfect ! The dessert that we order was the creame brûlée and was excellent !!Excellent place.  I admit, I came here for the name - I loved the name and then viewed the menu and it was clear I was going to be a guest here prior to me leaving Vegas.  It's a great atmosphere smart casual and the service is quite lovely.  Very relaxing time with great food and I will certainly returnWhenever I'm in Las Vegas I always, always try to hit this place. This place is part bistro and part fancy schamncy restaurant. Now if you can get a table at the outside patio with a view of the Bellagio, that's pretty nice. That's where it feels like a fancy restaurant. But inside it's dimly lit, intimate, feels like a second dining room; and that's the bistro feeling.

Look to spend about $30 to $50 a person. Expensive, yes. But SOOO worth it. If you're going to eat at a place like Mon Ami Gabi, you MUST eat everything, meaning every course...appetizers , entree and dessert. Plus some wine, and you are set. Now what I usually order every time I'm here is that I start with the house Merlot. Then for my appetizer, I go for the crab cakes, there are only 2 of them but they taste really good. Then my main course would be the Filet Mignon, medium well. Awesome and they serve it with pomme frites (French fries). Altogether I am in heaven, pure heaven. I usually variate what my dessert would be I think I usually get the strawberry crepe or the sorbet.

Now getting a table here can be difficult. I usually call four hours before my dinner time, meaning I reserve a table. But usually before 7pm, you should be able to get a table. I think it gets crazy at sundown and everyone wants a table at night to watch the fountain show at Bellagio.

For me its the perfect place to eat. It doesn't try to hard to be the best or the prettiest. It just does what it should, serve great food, give great service, have a great atmosphere and cook a great steak!This is one of my FAVORITE places to dine in Vegas. Food is great and at a great price. Their steaks and frites are absolutely fabulous. When the weather is nice, I love sitting on the patio to people watch and see the Bellagio Fountains. The service here is usually great, but once in a while you get a not so great one. But that is okay, the food and environment makes up for it.

I have been here several times, for both breakfast and dinner. 

It is so lovely to have breakfast at 7am on a late summer morning to just enjoy the surrounding. And I LOVE LOVE LOVE their breakfast selection. Quite pricey for breakfast, but worth it on occasions. I have tried their Fruit Bouquet, Blueberry French Toast, Banana Fosters Waffles, and Eggs Benedict.  Definitely need to go back and try everything else, because I know it will be amazing.

During dinner, they provide you with a wonderful and fresh french baguette, usually with the carrot spread thing, unless they have some seasonal special, but even then, you can always ask for the carrot thing. I don't even like carrots AT ALL but I love this carrot thing with the bread. And the bread goes sooo well with the French Onion Soup and the Shrimp Appetizer (both delicious on their own anyways.) Their wine selection was nice. Their steaks are cooked perfectly, and serviced with a nice portion of frites! And I am a carb fanatic and these frites are amazing. Don't know what it is about them... but I never waste good carbs! I wish they had real souffle, but they still have great desserts. I have tried their flourless chocolate cake, chocolate mousse (pretty big cup of mousse for one person) and their ice cream dessert trio thing *pictures posted*.

There's so many great things about this place. I recommend this place for all my friends and those who ask for a nice place to dine. You can make it all dressy and have a romantic date, or dress more casual for just a nice dinner. Great french dining without breaking your piggy bank.I doubt I could really gave a review of this place. I came alone and I sat by the bar area.  The bartender was very nice to me. I ordered a glass of house wine and salmon salad. (Which I wasn't so sure abut it's really 'French' food... )

The salad came out pretty good even tho it's nothing special. I had a bite of the bread but it's alright. 

I gave 4 stars for the cozy interior and good services.  If I have a chance to come back to Vegas again then I would like to try the real French dish from the menu.great view of the bellagio waterfront. 
had a brunch here, and the food was excellent.
great service!Great food! Reasonable price! Amazing atmosphere sitting right across from bellagio fountain while it was showing! Highly recommend the the half mussel, so delicious! Came here during lunch hours thoughExcellent service! We were able to get a reservation a few minutes before on a Sunday Memorial Day weekend.  We sat on the patio overlooking the Bellagio water show.  The food was outstanding and the kids meal were cheap and good!  We ordered the crepes with ham and cheese and jumbo crab cake (pretty small ...not jumbo) and it was all fresh and tasty.  The restaurant is huge and they are pretty well organized although we waited more than half hour for our food...worth the wait. Will definitely be back soon!With perfect views of the Bellagio water show, this is a must in Vegas. Yes, it was about 110 degrees outside, but inside it was cool enough for the best cup of French Onion ever.  

I ordered a simple meal of the soup, paired it with fresh baguettes they provided, non stop, and mussels with a light cream wine sauce. My meal was outstanding-- wish I'd taken a pic but there's more than enough to look at on yelp.One of the best restaurants on the strip, the ambiance, food and service are all great.

They have one gluten free option for breakfast and a menu for lunch and dinner. I got the eggs benedict, but with salmon instead of bacon and it was wonderful. The hollandaise was rich and the hashbrowns were so yummy. Also the gluten-free toast worked perfectly. It was not crumbly or weird tasting like most gluten-free toast is.

My husband ordered an egg white omelet and wasn't too impressed, but honestly this is not the place, order a more decadent breakfast and you will be pleased. The server was not attentive enough to bring butter to the table, but my husband didn't ask. Otherwise everything else was wonderful and she brought everything we asked for, but didn't check in on us. The place was so busy, so I get it.

One hostess in particular was so wonderful and really took care of us, another hostess kind of snipped at me when I asked if breakfast was still being served, telling me that the other hostess already took my name, but honestly, the other hostess' wonderful and warm service made up for it, so minus only one star for her rude behavior.Fantastic.  They brought out 12 large dishes and we left them with 12 sparkly clean dishes to take back.... we didn't have anything bad here.  However, the major downside of famously scrumptious places in prime seating view is the chees-o view of the b-fountains.  If you've seen it once and wanna just come here for the food, make sure to get reservations first and sit inside.

We started off w an off-menu shrimp dish in tomato sauce w fresh bread that the server placed a custom order for. SAUCE WAS TO DIE FOR.  It was last-meal good.

Entrance of the restaurant is right inside of Paris. We asked our waiter for recommendations and he did not steer us wrong.I still think about the hashbrowns here frequently. Crispy, golden, flat top fried with onions. So good. I had the Eggs Florentine. Fabulous. 

My hubby had the Blueberry French Toast. It looked divine. 

For this quality of French food, prices are great here. Most french food in LV is outrageously expensive and Mon Abu Gabi serves it at a reasonable price with a view of the Ballagio Fountains. 

We topped it off with Mimosa. 

A must try for LV!!That Croque Monsieur in itself was the bomb. I could eat 5 more of those. 5 stars for service, food, atmosphere, and the perfect location on the strip. Too bad we couldn't get a table outside, but not surprising on such a beautiful day.went in with a bachelorette party for a nice dinner and it was great! we had a reservation and got seated right away. service was impeccable! Steaks are large and thin--i shared with a friend. we shared the carafe of sangria, which was delish! this would be a good date spot.  a little pricey, but that's to be expected.Went here for breakfast and would definitely recommend. Make sure you make reservations. Ordered the blueberry French toast; usually I don't order sweets over my savory for breaks fat but given it was recommended, I tried and was glad I did. I might have to say that it was by far one of the best French Toasts I've ever had! The blueberries were plentiful, the syrup was amazing, and thus the entire combo was amazing. Also ordered the eggs Benedict which was good. Great view of the bellagio fountains and the service was great. Truly a must eat place while in VegasWonderful place!! You feel like being in Paris, the food is so delicious!!! Especially the French bread!! Love it!!!Cappuccino in a bowl - my favorite!  Best for brunch over looking the fountains.  If it's not too cold outside, wait for outside seating. It's worth the wait!We had a very nice evening food was a 3 service was a 3 but the evening was a 5.The restaurant is the busiest in the country so make reservationsMy family and I have lived here since 1989. I absolutely love going to Mon Ami Gabi. Every time we go there we always request to get seated outside to get a great view of the Bellagio fountains. During the Spring and Fall is the perfect time to sit outside. I would only sit out there at night if you are here in the summer. I highly recommend you make reservations as well through OpenTable or calling to request this seating in advance. 

The bread is buttery with a smooth butter spread. The last time we went my boyfriend ordered the housemade country Pate and I had the baked goat cheese. I personally enjoyed the baked goat cheese more because of the rich tomato sauce. The pate was also delicious especially on that warm toast. 

We shared the French onion soup, which was tasty. It was not too salty and the cheese was melted well over the bread. Probably one of the best French onion soups I have had in Vegas. 

For the main course, I had the Steak Frites Au Poivre and my boyfriend had the Filet Mignon Merlot. If you enjoy a creamy peppercorn sauce then get the Au Poivre. I recommend the Filet Mignon as a must for first-timers. The steak was so soft and juicy. The merlot sauce pushed the experience to the next level. My taste buds were ecstatic to enjoy something so decadent. The filet mignon here is the best for those who do enjoy tender meat. We both got ours medium. 

Our sides were the frites (fries) and the brussel sprouts. Enjoyed them both as well! However, we did see the whipped cauliflower and the sauteed mushrooms pass by our table, which also looked delicious so I would recommend trying those if you want lighter sides. 

For dessert, we shared the creme brulee. It was a decent size. The top was crisp and the custard was excellent. I highly recommend this dish as well. The ambiance was perfect for a beautiful date night, birthday celebration, or anytime you are feeling fancy for great steak. Service was excellent! I love how authentic it was to have someone from France wait on us. It really brought the experience together.*sssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh*

i'm effing melting into my brie burger.My wife and I love this place.  Every time we want to go out for something special we go here.  It overlooks the Belagio fountains, and my wife has a gluten free only diet which makes it hard to find upscale restaurants that cater (Mon Ami Gabi does).Wonderful Breakfast! The patio is worth the wait! Blood orange Mimosas aredelicious as well as the chicken Brie and apple crepe. The date bacon is also delicious! Definitely a great breakfast option in Vegas!Wonderful dining experience. Meat cooked to perfection, and loved the French bread. Will definitely be going back!Loved this place! If you don't have time to wait for the patio, make a reservation and ask to sit by the window by the patio. We did this on a beautiful March day and our table was practically on the patio. We didn't have to wait and still got a killer table location. 

I ordered the Eggs Benedict and devoured it in no time. The English muffin was toasted to perfection, the egg, ham and hollandaise sauce were perfect. The hash browns were cooked perfectly with just enough crispness and seasoning. 

My friends ordered the bacon and it was crisp, seasoned and very delicious. Hands down eat here over an over priced buffet. You won't be disappointed.This place is amazing! From the view of the water show at the Bellagio, to my absolute favorite, steak a la Fritz! Incredible service & staff!It was a sad walk from the Cosmo to here since it was our last day on our trip. It ended up being the best breakfast as well. 

Came in on Thursday morning around 10AM without a reservation. The hostess greeted us and asked if we wanted to wait for an outside patio table or dine in. We didn't have extra time to spare so we opted to dine inside. The wait was only a few minutes and we were led to a quint table that is inside the restaurant but also can be considered outside since it was next to the huge open area that had a nice breeze and view of the strip. 

After looking over their large brunch menu I ordered the fruit basket and the turkey and egg white omelette. The fruit basket was half of a cantaloupe cut to look like a flower with mango, pineapple, strawberries, grapes and berries inside. It was almost too pretty to eat. It also came with brown sugar, yogurt and a clear sweet syrup on the side. The fruit was all fresh sweet and ripe. The omelette was a nice size portion with tomatoes and avocado ontop. It was a little bland but the hot sauce I asked for spiced it up. I am not a hash browns fan but theirs are very good with grilled onions through out. 

Service was okay. Our waitress wasn't the warm and inviting type but got the job done. We did have a couple of times that we had to wait for the coffee and water to be refilled. 

The decor and layout reminded us of the cafes we had dined at when we were in Europe so Mon Ami Gabi did that correct. 

Prices is great for the quantity and quality of the food. Too bad we didn't dine here sooner otherwise we wouldnt have wasted our time nor money on the other two restaurants. But I will remember this restaurant for our next trip. For the fruit, two entrees, coffee, tax and tip the total came out around $52.00. 

Misc. info: reservations can only be made for inside the restaurant. The outside patio seating is first come first served.This place was recommended to us by a frequent visitor to Vegas. We went for brunch one day, and this was the perfect place to nurse a hangover and to have a relaxing meal. We arrived relatively early (before noon on a week day) and so there weren't that many people. I got the onion soup and the brie chicken crepe, and my friend got a sandwich that also had brie in it. The sandwich came with fries. The onion soup was flavorful and sweet, and I enjoyed it a lot. I also liked my crepe, the flavor was light but it definitely filled me up. The portions were rather large so I couldn't even finish everything. I had a bite of my friend's sandwich and that was yummy also.My friend insisted that we eat here so we got the chance to check it out for dinner one evening.  The staff was very polite, our waiter was awesome! I wish I remembered his name but he was a handsome, older gentleman from Chicago. 

The restaurant is in a great location, we were seated outside right across the street from the Bellagio fountain. 

For an appy, we started with escargot and warm bread. Now, I don't eat meat but I knew I wouldn't be able to get out of this one so I tried one and then ended up eating most of them since my friend didn't enjoy it too much. 

For dinner I had crab cakes or a crab cake (can't remember if it was 1 giant one or 2 smaller ones). I was so full off of a previous meal, bread and escargots, that a crab cake was plenty. Not the best crab cake but it was still above average. Overall, it was a great experience and I would definitely check this place out again next time I'm in Vegas!Great stop on our corned beef hash vision quest around Vegas.

Nice French atmosphere, great patio, good Corned Beef Hash but smaller portions.This place was really fancy. We made a mistake of hitting up a tapas bar for some apps before we came here. The portions are quite large and the service was fantastic. It was almost too fancy and I felt a little underdressed. Not a casual dining spot. I give this place 5 stars and I will mention the only thing that wasn't fitting was the paper table cloth. C'etait fantastique!They offer great french food with awesome fountain show view.  Since they are almost always very busy, the service can be slow but still worth the wait.This is one of the best brunch places I have had across the country. I ordered the French toast which was amazing. I forgot what my wife ordered but she loved it as well. This is the spot you want to go too if you want an amazing breakfast in Vegas.This year, my boyfriend and I ventured to Las Vegas for the fourth time with the intention of visiting Mon Ami again as it's a favorite for both of us. The hostesses are always warm and friendly as they chat with you on the way to your requested table. I initially visited this restaurant for it's dinner menu which is extensive and very tasty, but it has quickly become my favorite breakfast spot while in Vegas.

There's nothing more relaxing than sitting on the patio in the morning enjoying a steak and eggs breakfast with some delicious strong coffee, (and a morning bellini). Both times this year, (May 14 (Nicole R.) and May 21 (Rey R.)) the service was impeccable. Both of the waitress were very friendly and were always available if we needed anything. I would absolutely recommend Mon Ami Gabi to anyone looking for good food and good service.Took some friends from Poland to see the strip and have a great lunch, I always heard of Mon Ami Gabi but never have the time to eat on the strip. Decided to finally give this place a try!

Plenty of parking they have valet and self parking ( valet is free so thats a plus).  When you get into the hotel there is a sign that says all restaurants are to the right (but Mon Ami Gabi is not) so I walked around trying to find the place for about 15 mins before asking for help.  So when you walk in it is to the left past the casino.  Didn't have any reservations and they were able to squeeze us in.

The view is great for being right on the strip, you can see the Bellagio and the street but its really cool to relax and watch.  Their menu is french with a twist.  Ordered a baked goat cheese for the table and that was a home run, so perfect and cooked to perfection.  I had a salmon salad which was pretty good and i ordered a side of french onion soup. I would come back just for that.  

Even though they are constantly filled with people the waiters all make sure every table is happy.  Wonderful place to eat while in Vegas!!I loved this place! My husband and I went here on a Saturday night with no reservations and figured we'd have to wait at least an hour as walk-in's... but the host told us we could score an outdoor patio table in 45 minutes. Nice! We took the buzzer and went to play some table games. Our table was actually ready only 25 minutes later. Very nice!

We were seated outside on the patio, which had a great view of the Bellagio across the street and the great water shows. Our service was friendly, attentive, and helpful. Our waiter made great recommendations and our waters were refiled regularly. The food was great, and the prices were incredibly reasonable for the quality of the food, and for being on the Strip. I'd highly recommend this as a nice dinner place, and I look forward to dining here again the next time I'm in town!One of the best steaks ive ever had! The filet mignon with the peppercorn sauce was unbelievably good! Im from texas and know my steaks... #topnotch my girl loved her quiche as well. Highly recommended. Great service to boot.Meal was good view was great. Wish more came with the steak other then a large order of fries but it was still good with a great view of the fountains at night.Bellinis, escargot, French toast, corned beef hash and Madame croquet are the yummiest things! Feels like you're in Paris especially if you sit in the window paned terrace with the view of the fake Eiffel Tower behind you. Service is sweet the baguette is crispy and the food is wonderful. Make a reservation as the line is super long if you do not... Favorite place in Vegas!Love love love love love!!! So here is the situation...it was my last day in Vegas and I had an afternoon flight coming back on a Saturday. I searched through Yelp and of course my natural inclination was to look at some of the well noted breakfast buffets, however after more research I saw the pictures of lines and it just something I did not have the luxury of waiting for prior to my flight. I stayed at the Vdara so I wanted something that wasn't too far from the strip so i can get my luggage with time to go to the airport. I ventured to the Paris hotel to give this place a shot...French? Hmm I wondered how good can it be-full disclosure I've been to France and love the food I tried while there! I luckily had my concierge from the hotel call in advance for a reservation-DO THIS! It was super packed and roughly an hour wait for the outside area which fills quickly. It was only me dining since I was in town for work so they gave me a table by the wonder where I could still people watch with the pleasure of AC. I started looking on yelp for recommended dishes and some looked so good then the waitress told me they had a special crepe for breakfast as a daily special it had Nutella bananas strawberries and this house made cinnamon butter-when I tell you I dream of this crepe it's no exaggeration!!! Please give this place a try I am certain you'll love it at least for breakfast and if you can order this crepe do it. Also the OJ was the bomb.com!Steak-frites was really good. Foie gras was great but the toast was a bit disappointing - it disappeared under the spread of the foie gras.

Service was great, good coffee/espresso too.Absolutely amazing!!

We had 9pm reservations with a request to be seated near the patio, since the patio is first come first serve only.  Unfortunately we were late by about 15 or 20 minutes.  Not a problem.  We waited maybe 5 minutes and were seated in a great location next to the patio so we could also enjoy the Bellagio water show.  

The service was great and the food was even better.  My wife and I split the Duck Confit & Fingerling Potato as our appetizer and both ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot (steak lovers:) as the main course.  The duck was a great way to start.  The meat was just falling off the bone it was so tender.  Very impressed, we were anxiously waiting for our steaks and we were not disappoint.  Probably one of the best steaks I've had.

There's really nothing more to say.  Wonderful service.  Great location.  Amazing food.Its got great view and good seating, you can watch the water fountain in Bellagio while you enjoy dinner!
The food is decent, I strongly recommend the scallop, and the snails!
Make sure you make reservation, other wise you might need to wait for at least an hour.Absolute favorite place to eat on the strip. 

The ambiance offers a serene escape from the insanity of Vegas. When inside the dimly lit dining area with darkly stained wood finishing and crisp white tablecloths, your mind is easily swept from the streets of Sin City to a romantic cafe in  the City of Lights.


The menu:

Our favorite Hors D'Oeuvres is the Warm Brie. It comes with toasted hazelnuts and a honey drizzle and the flavor combination is simply amazing. 

We then typically share a mug of the Onion Soup Au Gratin. And by share, I mean he gets a bite or two. 

For an entree I order the Chicken Paillard for dinner with pommes puree and haricot vert. My husband is more adventurous and has enjoyed the Steak Classique, Bordelaise and the Wednesday special of Boeuf Bourguignon. The Frites are superb. 

I don't think it is possible to go wrong with dessert in a French restaurant, the Creme Brulee, Bananas Foster and Gala Apple Tarte are worth saving room for.

If you are the type to enjoy Vegas when the sun is up, their lunch menu is great as well. My favorite is the Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich (again, with the hand cut frites) and the  Steak Classique sandwich is divine as well. For a heavier offering, share a Macaroni Gratin and follow with sorbet (when we were there it was Passion Fruit and Coconut).We ordered their quiche, chicken, and seafood crepes. The price was decent for the area and the portions were perfect! We managed to finish everything and felt full. Usually, restaurants in states give too much food and a lot goes to waste, but we didn't have a problem with Mon Ami Gabi.
The waitress was polite and checked up on us often. 
Would definitely recommend this place for brunch :)My hubs and I took my in-laws here for dinner as their Christmas present. We made a reservation for Sunday night at 6:30 PM and were expecting a bit of a wait. We were pleasantly surprised to find that when we arrived at 6:15 PM, we were seated immediately at a coveted patio table with a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. The service was consistently good throughout the meal (although they kind of disappeared towards the end of dinner) and everything we ate was tasty!

The order:
Soup of the day (creamy cauliflower)
French onion soup
Salmon salad
Filet Mignon with wine sauce
Steak with bleu cheese
Classic Steak
Steak with peppercorn
Profiteroles for dessert
3 coffees

Total cost: approx. $180

Every single dish was awesome. I have no regrets for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience!

Tip: even when it's chilly, SIT OUTSIDE. They have a ton of heat lamps and you'll be fine. This one big group gave up an awesome patio table because they were scared of the cold. We sat outside and were totally fine... we were actually a little bit hot when ALL the heat lamps were blasting.I usually do not go to French restaurants because they are over my budget but here the pricing was moderate. The food was excellent. We hard scallops which were very large and cooked to perfection. We also ordered  a cheaper cut of meat which was as tender as a higher cut. A balsamic reduction that was perfect.
Salad greens very fresh. The best part is I ordered wine by the glass and it was very good and reasonable ( $9)
The waiter was very pleasant and the food come out quickly
The only down was after we where seated it took a while for our waiter to show up about 15 minutes but we did not mind we where seated outside and the water fountain show at the Bellaggio is excellent to watch ,we also were able to enjoy a street performer about 30 feet away on sidewalk.
Total bill for 4 was 175.00This was my second trip to MAG. The first time was with clients that had come
Into town and we sat on the patio overlooking the Belagio fountains. If possible I recommend sitting outside on the patio because the view is fabulous especially at night and of course if you are a people watcher it is perfect for watching all of the tourists on the strip. 
My second trip here was for my daughters birthday. We had a large group of about 12 and we were seated in the front room where close to the windows so the view was still nice but I don't think they can fit large groups on the patio. 
I had an egg white omelette with tomatoes and toast. It was good and the omelette was very fluffy and light. They are willing to switch out normal menu items for special requests if you don't want something that comes with your meal. (I didn't want potatoes so they switched them out for some fresh tomatoes).
The waitress took great care of us and we had a great time. They also have a Bloody Mary bar during breakfast where they bring you the vodka in a glass and then you go add whatever else you want in it and make it just how you want it. Delish. They also have good mimosas.
Be prepared however this place is not cheap. But if your looking for a good meal and a not too outrageous price I recommend MAG.Great steak that went very well with the wine pairings. I had the French Onion soup and it was just the best onion soup I've had.
The staff are friendly and knowledgeable. 

I'm definitely coming back here again in the future.I wish it was my anniversary everyday. 

My boyfriend and I visited Mon Ami Gabi to celebrate our two year anniversary. His sister-in-law used to continually rave about this place and after months of waiting, we decided that our anniversary would the perfect date. 

I don't know why but for some reason, we decided not to make reservations. Foolish, foolish idea. You most definitely should make a reservation. We waited for about 40 minutes and finally got seated in a table made for two. Seeing that my boyfriend is a 6'2", 200lb man, let's just say that the table was just a bit on the tiny side.

We were greeted by a curly haired waitress-- she was terrific! She first started us off with some bread and butter to accompany my glass of Merlot and my boyfriend's glass of Cotes du Rhone. I know that he enjoyed his wine but it definitely didn't compare to the most smooth and soft bodied Merlot I have ever tasted. Mmmm, soooo good!

We went on to order the warm brie cheese as our appetizer. Oh this is so very, very good. I'm not a huge cheese fan but I decided to order this for my cheese-loving man. Good thing because I couldn't stop my hands from reaching for the platter! The croutons gave such a nice crunch and the slightest bit of saltiness to contrast the soft and gooey, sweet honey-covered cheese. I swear I think this is the only appetizer we'll ever order here!

For the main, my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon au poivre and I ordered the filet mignon merlot. Both of our steaks were cooked to perfection, juicy and well seasoned. However, we both agreed that t the end of the day, mine was much more flavorful due to the merlot reduction. Either way, we definitely enjoyed our steaks. We also ordered a side of sauteed mushrooms and it went well with our steak, although it had too much black pepper for our taste.

With the help of many hours of Masterchef Australia, I became familiar with different types of french desserts and was extremely excited to order profiteroles... until I saw the chocolate fudge cake with homemade caramel ice cream, that is. We ended up ordering the chocolate cake which was beyond incredible. Then, our kick ass waitress sensed much hesitation from me and brought out some profiteroles--on the house! Score! :D Needless to say, it was phenomenal. 

Obviously, my overall experience was absolutely superb, and I definitely recommend this place for people who are celebrating a wonderful occasion. Just brace yourself- you're gonna want some more real soon!I went here twice for breakfast last week and Mon Ami Gabi is now my goto place for breakfast in Vegas.  In fact, I think I may have to stay at Paris next time I go just so I can roll out of bed and into that restaurant.

I had the french toast the first day and a ham and cheese omelette the next.  My honey had steak & eggs the first day, and french toast the next.  (I stole a bite of his steak so can comment on all three dishes).  Everything was really good.  

The french toast was different than your usual american french toast but was delicious, I love the generous dollop of whipped cream and all the blueberries and blueberry syrup.  They use two thick slices of bread, I am not sure what kind of bread but it's not your typical french toast sourdough or texas toast.  It was neither soggy or hard, was perfectly 'egged', and just the right amount of food to be comfortably sated without being stuffed.

The steak on my honey's steak and eggs was peppery and flavorful.  Sometime I need to come back for lunch so I can order the steak with roquefort sauce....mmmm!

My omelette was perfect as well - not greasy, but fluffy, with ham and gruyere.  The hash browns were perfect, buttery and herbed without being greasy, hard or soggy.  I loved the whipped butter and fresh raspberry jam that came with the crusty bread as well.  

And to top it all off, the prices are not bad by Vegas standards.  Most of these dishes were about $11 (except the steak and eggs, which was a bit higher).  Let me tell you I've had FAR crappier breakfast for much more money many times in this town (both on the strip and off).

Service was very good, as a tip I'd suggest eating inside rather than outside, it's quieter and easier to get a table and it's not 100+ degrees.  Win-win!

For all these benefits, I give them the coveted 5 star rating.  It would be nice if they gave out total reward points, but they are apparently separate from the casino.  Oh well, no biggie!Good food, great atmosphere, reasonable prices.  Right in the middle of the Strip.  Nothing not to like here.We have eaten here 3 times for brunch and loved every dish. The egg benedicts are perfect: we especially enjoyed the smoked salmon benedict. The chicken Brie apple crepe was so creamy. The corned beef hash was real corned beef with freshly cooked potatoes. I'm particularly partial to the roasted cherry tomatoes which comes as a side with many dishes.First time visiting Mon Ami Gabi this past weekend (located in Paris, right across the street from the Bellagio fountain), and must I say? My family and I were extremely satisfied with the service provided and the delicious food served!

I started off with the gnocchi appetizer, had their black truffle pasta as my main dish, and finished with the banana foster bread pudding. Each bite was as delectable as the first! Will definitely be back for years to come.This place is the most amazing, yet affordable romantic experience. It's posh inside; appropriately dimly lit with plush booths. Me and Karl came here for my birthday dinner after much research on my part. I'm so glad I made this choice!

I wish I could remember our waiters name but he was delightfully extra and friendly. His service might be the best I have ever experienced. He brought me a complimentary glass of champagne as soon as he knew it was my birthday! Way to my heart, lol. 

We both got their famous steak frites. A nice piece of steak, cooked to perfection and served with shoestring potatoes which are fried. I thought it was amazing but Karl felt it was a bit salty. We got a side of Mac and cheese too because that is my food of choice and it was delicious. 

I highly, highly recommend this place. It's atmosphere and food are outstanding for the more than affordable price point. They have a patio available as well which is right on the strip and perfect for people watching but the inside is so lovely I really recommend it for a more romantic dining experience. I would definitely come back here if I didn't have eight thousand other places in vegas I need to eat at.I went there on my anniversary and had the best food. Server was really sweet and I would say sit on patio as one can get beautiful view of Bellagio fountain. Highly recommended!!!Lovely nook in the Parisian hotel. The outdoor patio was quite nice, with French music in the background.

We had breakfast there on our last day in Vegas. The service was alright. But the food was quite good. I had the bacon cheese and egg crepe ($15), Could have used some nice garnishing/spices, but did not disappoint.

Hubby had the corned beef egg Benny ($15) really liked the rustic bread and strawberry jam. 

House blend Coffee was $4 per person, which appears standard on the strip

Overall, a very good experience on the Strip on the warm weekday morningMy last review I wrote some snarky shit about the hostesses and I feel like a jerk for that. This time we came in and they were all so friendly and welcoming. She carried conversation with us about where we were from and all that sort of chat on our way to a (Woohoo!) patio table by the sidewalk. 

Let me say that I love this place. I live in Vegas and I feel like I'm on vacation every time I go there. As most every other place on the strip it's too much of a hassle, or sleazy, or just loud but this place is worth it (and I can finally zip to Paris pretty quickly, as long as a mob of people crossing the valet sidewalk doesn't stop me for ten minutes.) Not here. 

It's classy and fun and the food is delicious! We went for breakfast and I had the fruit boquet with mint syrup (who knew?! It was amazing!) and a blackberry muffin - also ridiculous. It melted in my mouth. 

My friend also had a fruit plate and a baguette. Everything was fresh and the portions are just the right size. The cappuccino was over the top gigantic and one of the best I've ever had. The large comes served in a bowl. We got to sit and people watch and have a nice breakfast. 

If you go, ask for Debbie. She was fast and nice I didn't even have to ask for anything because it would already be there. I work in the industry and not only was it not the typical "service" the strip is so well known for not providing, she made us feel welcome and like we mattered.A friend and I came here for brunch on a Sunday. We had a reservation and was seated immediately. I didn't realize they were no longer serving the full breakfast menu (we got there at 11:45 and breakfast ended at 11:00). But I asked the waiter if I could still order the Bananas Foster Waffles and he said yes. I was really happy about that. The food did not take long to come out. My waffles were delicious. I didn't even use the syrup. My friend ordered the Chicken and Mushroom crepe and she enjoyed it. It was much larger than she expected. She also ordered the Frites which were really crispy and yummy. The prices were reasonable for Vegas. We sat inside because it was 110+ degrees outside so we didn't have much of a view. But the overall atmosphere was nice inside.The frites is just so good!
We ordered the steak frites and croque monsieur.
I love the croque monsieur since it also comes with the frites!Dinner reservation for 9 for a bachelorette party weekend. Not a long wait once we arrived, especially for a large group. Love the look/feel of the place. Really great patio seating and views of Bellagio's Fountains during dinner. I had the trout amandine (trout, almond slices, preserved lemon, French haricot vert green beans) for my main entree, the crusty bread was pretty good too. Others at the table went for the steak frites with different sauces, the seared scallops, and one end of the table split an appetizer. I'm glad I received a fairly large piece of fish; the seared scallops only came with four scallops total for the price. The steaks were generous but I didn't feel like red meat that night. Didn't opt for any dessert since we had to get to Drais by a certain time.The ambience is just great, it was windy outside and we sat inside and it was just lovely. Food was good. We haf steak and steak sandwich. Both were very good. But we ordered salad and it was not fresh at all. That is why I am giving 4 stars. Service was very good. We also ordered tea and it was very good.We've eaten there more than once and French food isn't easy to find where we live. The fresh French bread is killer to start the meal. I'd order a bucket of mussels, escargots and skate wings. When was the last time you saw skate wings on a menu?
Great view, great service. My French place to go now.There is another review which mentions reserving to get seated at the balcony. She must have meant the dining room, b/c Mon Ami Gabi does not take reservations for the balcony (it's first come, first served). All reservations go to the dining room.

We made a reservation via OpenTable and was disappointed that they did not honor our request for a table against the wall (I hate sitting in the middle of the room), but the server overheard me grumbling and volunteered to move us without being asked.

The food is fantastic. We love the escargot and their steaks are always super yummy. If you are seated in the balcony or any of the tables next to the windows, you get a nice view of the Bellagio Fountains. Very romantic. :)

This is our favorite restaurant on the strip due to its ambiance, affordable prices and location. We go back every time we are in LV!This is the best place to take out of town guests, and to celebrate special dates.  We like to sit where we can see the Bellagio fountains across the street.  The ambiance is simply the best, as is the service.  I wish the menu were more extensive, but the food is exemplary.  And for someone who is trying to eat low-carb, the "frites" which are the best fries anywhere, are too tempting!  This is our favorite restaurant on the Strip.Definitely my favorite restaurant in Vegas. The bread and spread that came with the smoked salmon was out of the world and the crepes were good too :-) Definitely coming back.Delicious food and drinks and a great atmosphere on the patio overlooking the strip. Heat lamps make a cool fall night enjoyable. Not a huge selection for vegetarians, however. The baked goat cheese and fresh bread was an amazing appetizer!Came here during brunch one morning last week. Quick service and attentive staff. We ordered banana foster toast, eggs florentine, and banana crepe. All were good, the crepe was a little too drenched in syrup. I also got a bloody and it was perfect. Moderately priced our bill was around $85.Always great but Valentines dinner was fabulous!  Great pate and chicken pail lard cooked to perfection!  Gluten free options galore!! Even GF Bread to enjoy with my pate....how nice that they accommodate all kinds of allergies! 
Always fun and great people watching...good prices for outstanding fare!
Not to be missed...also outdoor and indoor seating...feels like Paris..,Mon Ami Gabi is located inside the Paris hotel which is one of my favorite spots for lunch and dessert. The reason why I like the hotel is from the good experiences at Mon Ami Gabi. Restaurant is very clean, offers seats inside to escape from the sun and outside to watch the Bellagio fountains. 

Food here is usually very solid 4-star rated. I usually order their steak frites. Steak is cooked perfectly, however it could be dry occasionally or over-seasoned. Their frites are always amazing though. I just want to order a whole bucket full of them with beer. Garlic bread is decent, you really taste that garlic! I haven't had the chance to try the majority of their menu yet and will update this review as soon as I try more out. *4 stars for the food.

Service here is a gamble. I've had times where I was treated like the waiter didn't want to serve me at all. Totally rude and avoided me throughout the meal. But then there are times that I get decent - very good service so it's really hard to rate their service. Maybe it's because I'm asian and the servers here have bitter experiences with asian tourists (no tip, rude attitude, etc.)? I really don't know. *3 stars for the service.

Atmosphere here is great. I haven't had the chance to dine outside since everyone wants to enjoy their meal watching the fountain so my review is based on dining inside the restaurant. Inside of the restaurant is very clean, seats are very comfortable and very relaxing overall. *4 stars for the atmosphere.

Overall the experience at this restaurant is very positive and memorable in a good way. Definitely make reservations if you want to dine outside!Amazing! No other way to describe it. Super duper yummy food, very well priced, with one of the best amazing views and locations of the strip and fantastic service. Everything is great in the menu, you cant go wrong. In a group of 6 girls we all ordered different things and loved our food, so my advise eat what you feel like having, it will be great!Have you been to Paris, France? If you haven't this is the best as it gets to eating in Paris, France. Eating here for the first time reminded my family and I of eating in Champs Elysees. Everything on the menu reminds you of France. My favorite dish, being the beef tartare. (raw beef). Although a bit different from the French Version. The French version the tartare is soaked in worsestershire sauce and an a raw egg on top, which you mix in later. Though the Las Vegas Version was quite edible. Needs more bread though for the tartare. The frites (fries) were quite good, although the frites in France were like big potato skins like thick and huge. The fish (skate) that my brother had ordered was pretty tasty. The one dish that caught our attention the most was the french onion soup. It was served just right. Since we weren't driving that day, it was perfect to drink some Frangria. (mixed wine with fruits). How much better can it get? It does get better, since we were sitting outside with a view of the fountains of bellagio. So, every 15 minutes, we had a fountain show of the bellagio! Sitting outside with such a view earned this rating the 2 stars. Try to arrive early, as it gets really busy! This is one for the books.This restaurant is delicious! I rarely review restaurants but this one is something special. I really get the french feel of the restaurant, the service at the table was great! The view of the strip is awesome and the food was definitely the best french food I've ever had (note i am a guy from los angeles so i havent tastes too much french food). Absolutely recommended!My boyfriend and I ate here this past Monday. I've tried to eat here 3 times before but the line has always been too long. We were lucky this time and got a patio table facing the Belaggio fountain show (which went off every 20 mins). This restaurant is all about location, location, location. It was fun to people watch and take in the fountain show. The food is descent. We had a house salad, French onion soup (the best part of the meal), and a steak with blue cheese. Go for the patio and have a glass of the house Sangria.I would def go back. I got the filet mignon merlot with mashed potatoes and the fiance got the new york strip with mashed potatoes. My filet was one of the best I've had (literally cleaned the plate!)....couldn't tell you what my fiance's steak tasted like because he wouldn't let me eat any of it. I guess that's a good sign. Creme brulee was for dessert.

Only reason why it isn't 5 stars is because our server wasn't exactly nice. It felt like he was judging us...for what, I'm not sure. Any question we had, he looked at us like we were dummies. Can I have something other than fries? **"are you stupid?" look** What kind of wine do you recommend? **"are you stupid?" look** Ugh!Evocative of a sidewalk cafe in gay Paree, but with that Vegas vibe. Wandered in for a late breakfast. Was able to watch the Bellagio fountain show as well as the strip denizens slipping on by. Food was above average. Wait staff attentive. I'd go back to this place.when i flew in on monday night, I fear that I may miss my reservation getting here via the shuttle bus, but I did manage to get there on time.  now for starters, everyone keeps mentioning to go out and eat outside and enjoy the view of bellagio's water show.  No i wouldn't recommend it.  It was freezing cold and literally everyone who was sitting outside scrambled to find the last remaining seats inside.  Luckily the evening wasn't so packed, and managed to find an open seating inside that is rich with rustic feel. My opinion is to stick around inside the room away from the bar.

To start off with, I had the pumpkin soup that had a light cream base and crusted almonds.  Unfortunately with all the craze the hostess and waiters and waitresses were scrambling to find seats for people, the soup came after my main course which was a little harder to finish, but I insisted on tasting and finding what made this the place to eat! The soup was by far delicious and flavorful and it immediately warmed you up after this craze weather!

Onto the main course, I had the Filet Mignon Merlot with a glass of merlot. when it came out, the meat was shimmering glazed and a stack of frites. I ordered a side of brussel sprouts on the side to balance the sweetness of the Filet Mignon. By making that first cut into the filet, you can feel the tenderness of the cut fall slowly to the plate glistened in the glaze.  Taking that first bite of the filet mignon was just explosion happening and enjoying the moment! Food was just amazing!

Overall the meal was by far amazing minus the crazy hiccup of the weather, but the staff and team managed to get everyone in and everyone enjoyed the night.  This is definitely worth going again.As the French would say, Tres bien! My favorite spot to dine with a view. With such a view, comes RESERVATIONS being a MUST. Request outside, if the weather permits. You'll get a splendid show of the Bellagio water show. The seafood platter is a must. The traditional steak is also a must. Good selection of wines and service has always been good. I've dined here at least a dozen times. If you aren't able to grab a table, try sitting at the bar!Quite simply my favorite place to get a steak while in Las Vegas. It always blows my mind how savory tender and perfect they get it every time.  The au poivre sauce is a must with whichever cut you decide.

Under $30 gets you an incredible sirloin and around $40 gets you the ribeye or ny cut.  Ambiance is always perfect and the help is ALWAYS on point.  

Mon Ami Gabi I will never quit you.Excellent Filet Mignon with butter and red wine reduction.  I was very surprised at their signature fries which reminded me of a wide flat linguini shape fry that was crunchy and soft at the same time, extremely addicting.  The only thing that wasn't spectacular was the steamed artichoke which was very plain, but everything else was excellent!  Ratatouille, French Cut fresh steamed beans and of course the Creme Brulee!What a find! I would venture that it's the only place on the strip where you can have such a great view and good food at such a reasonable price. The bread was delicious, the drinks were great, and the steak was gigantic, it could have really been split between two people. We sat on the inner patio and still had a great view of the Bellagio show. Service was good. And our waiter even spoke with a French accent (although I'm 98% sure it was fake to increase the ambiance).I have been interested in dining at Mon Ami Gabe for a very long time and found it a perfect opportunity on my hubby's day off. 

The wait list for the patio is a very efficient process and doesn't take long at all. We came at 1030 am on a Sunday.

We were seated in a perfect little spot, staring out towards the Bellagio fountains. The sun was warm and the air was chilly. Just perfect. The service was just awesome. Our servers came to chat us up, and all our requests were tended to quickly.

I got a bacon, egg and cheese crepe. Needed more bacon but it had the most delectable cream sauce.  Hubby had a croissant breakfast sammy to which he added bacon. Now that was a huge, delicious sammy!! The bacon was thick cut and tasty. We also got a side of potatoes which were yummy as well.

Overall, we had a very pleasant experience here and would definitely return..Mona Ami Gabi provides a great romantic setting for an evening out with a special person as well as a great option for friends looking to relax, have a spectacular meal with great service and a view of the fountains of the Bellagio Hotel. Our friends have gluten allergies so we primarily chose this restaurant due to their gluten free menu selections.  I had that the Filet Mignon Au Poivre and it was cooked to perfection (medium rare). The onion soup was amazing!  We all enjoyed our meals, the service and the menu selections.  My wife especially enjoyed the wild escargots as well as her cocktail (Paris Romance).  We will be back!!!!Huge place. We dined on the heated patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Dinner and a show.

Number 19 was our server. Evidently, the original location chooses not to advertise the server's names. She (Sharon) was quietly efficient without being too cool for the room. Amazing selection of French wines, escargot (piping hot and tasty), and oysters (super fresh with a watermelon finish).

The black cod was pure perfection, but they are best known for their filet mignon. Perfect medium rare, super buttery meat. The ribeye was 22 ounces of marbled salty bliss. Phenomenal. Terrific.Everything was fantastic- service, drinks, and food! Tracy was impeccable for service! She gave us daily specials and suggested a few menu items. The bacon is to DIE for!! So good! And the Bloody Mary's were out of this world?Beautiful restaurant whether you sit out on the patio or not. I have had the fortune of going to Mon Ami Gabi several times, and all have been delightful. I usually go for brunch but my last visit was for dinner.  I would highly recommend a reservation as the wait time is usually 20-40 minutes, and if you want to sit at the patio for dinner... forget about it! Needless to say, if you want to do so, make sure you arrive early and when you are not hungry.  

The menu consists of French classics with a few twists. I like that the menu does not have many items and it is unpretentious. Last night I ordered the scallops with Brussels sprouts and butternut squash sauce. It was outstanding! The dish came with 4 (medium sized) perfectly cooked scallops.  The brussels sprouts were the best I've had in my life, seasoned to perfection, and then dipped in a little of the butternut squash sauce... WOW! Just writing about it makes me want to go back. 

The service is very good, servers are knowledgeable. I once went and the server accidentally spilled a bloody mary on me.  The manager came over and handled the situation very well. As I was once a server myself, I know how mortifying it is to spill on a guest while serving them. No worries though, the server was very apologetic and the manager came over and spoke with me. 

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my friend Gabi!Fantastic food! Great service. We had the warm brie with roasted garlic (the garlic was roasted in someting that made it sweet and a bit crunchy). This was soooo good. Next we had the roast beef sandwich w/fries (almost like thin sliced french fries) and salad with salmon. Both excellent. Dessert - creme brulee. Very good, but not the best I've had. Service was exceptional. Would like to try other menu items. Would definitely go back!Love this place!

I started with the french onion soup that was huge and came with a giant glob of delicious cheese on top. Then I had the filet mignon au poivre w/creme fraiche and it was so delectably delicious and tender! The frites were so delicious with the meal. We also all shared the macaroni and cheese which was just okay at first, but oddly got better as you kept eating it. I ate so much food that I was too stuffed for dessert. I regret this!

This is definitely my must-go-to spot every time I go back to Vegas. And the best part, the prices are fair especially for the quality of the food and the ambiance. We were seated by the bar which was a little obnoxious because people were coming in/out and a lot of bachelorette parties were going on - I would love to have a more quiet meal. Next time, I will make sure to request outdoor seating. I can't wait to go back!Good place to go for a filet mignon. The fritz are delicious too...atmosphere is really nice as well.Service: Server was nice and courteous few times I've been here. Servers are always very knowledgeable!

Atmosphere: Think Parisian cafe! The inside looks just like a restaurant you would find in Paris! I would highly recommend making reservations ahead of time and requesting the patio seats if it weather permits. 

Food: Food was decent. It wasn't very memorable, but not bad either. Most of the food is relatively rich, like most french food. 

Price: It is on the pricey side since it is a nice restaurant on the strip. It is perfect to take someone for a romantic dinner. 

Overall: Highly Recommend for its ambiance and view of the Bellagio fountain :)Steak was nicely done. Love the bread and butter (especially the day after binge drinking). This place is always the best alternative when I can't think of anywhere else to go and i always leave satisfied. Dinner is better than lunch here at Mon Ami. Can be pricey with a bottle of wine but service is always good here. 

Seafood choices aren't bad but steak here is great!Our waiter told us upfront that the restaurant was more of a steakhouse but their seafood selection is pretty excellent, and they can cater to a diners with both large and small appetites.

After a buffet lunch and pool-side cocktails, all I wanted was a light dinner and the Onion Soup au Gratin and Sea Scallops Gratineees were excellent fare. The soup had a rich, sweet-savory flavor and it was great to soak up with their hot (and free) baguettes. The scallops were cooked perfectly but I didn't really care too much for the fennel and onion marmalade that it came with. It overwhelmed the delicate flavor of the scallops.

For dessert, Bananas Foster Crepe is to die for. The sauce was perfectly sweet and came with refreshing bites of ice cream.

Reservations were easy -peasy: made it online through Open Table for 5 on a Saturday night. We were seated promptly as soon as the entirety of our party arrived. Our seating was kind of awkward given that we were on a booth that was also connected for a table for two. This in itself didn't bother us, but I imagine it was awkward for couples sitting next to a bunch of foul-mouthed bachelorettes.

It should also be noted that there's no bathroom at the restaurant. It's a short walk into the Paris Casino but it can get crowded.The best breakfast in Vegas. We arrived around 8:00am. No line, friendly hostess. We ordered bacon&egg sandwich, egg Benedict and banana waffle. All were so good. The banana waffle was a must have.Sunday brunch and it was pretty packed. Had a spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains. We had called prior for reservations and still had to be waited to be seated. The menu was pretty basic: crepes, egg Benedict, pancakes, waffles, and some not so "breakfast" items like onion soup. 
There was a Sunday Bloody Mary special and the bar was fantastic. 
I personally ordered the egg white and turkey omelette. It came with toast and potatoes. The potatoes were way too buttery and the omelette was at most basic but deliciously combined with avocados and tomatoes.This was a gorgeous restaurant in Paris casino.It had a wonderful patio that was great for people watching and the food was second to none. Excellent service.I would definitely eat here again on my next Vegas visit.loved this restaurant so much! enjoyed breakfast outside one morning and lunch inside the next day. service on both days was exceptional. the menu selection was just right. the price of food was perfect for the quality and the experience. we will be back.Probably the best meal I had in Vegas in terms of price point and flavor! I actually didn't have our last full day in Vegas planned out meal wise. While sitting on the balcony at our hotel looking at the strip, I spotted Mon Ami Gabi. I'd been here once about 8 years ago for dinner and enjoyed the food. I thought a nice lunch outside would be a great way to revisit.

*Sauvignon blanc: saint bris, 11 ($11)
Perfect for a nice sunny day. Crisp and light.

*Jumbo crabcake: pickled celery, citron butter ($17.95)
This was huge! Had chunks of crab and a light beurre blanc sauce.

*Onion soup au gratin: the french classic baked with gruyere cheese ($10.95)
Yum! A huge portion. The soup was full of flavor and the cheese was nice and melty. The best onion soup I've had in a while.

*Frisee, kale & warm bacon salad: soft-poached egg ($11.95)
Compared to the frisee salad we had for dinner a couple nights before, this was amazing. Exactly what I wanted from a frisee salad. The vinaigrette cut into the richness of the bacon and egg. Perfectly balanced.

*Mussels mariniere: white wine & herbs ($11.95 half order)
The sauce was so good! I even ate some bread just so I could soak up the sauce. A nice portion for a half order and the mussels were plump and tender.

Sitting outside is a nice way to enjoy the sun and people watch. But beware that it can get intensely hot in the direct sunlight. They don't have umbrellas outside so you can walk away with a little more color than you bargained for.

This was a nice light lunch to bring us into our last day in Vegas. And who doesn't love a taste of Paris?!I've never dined in Paris before, but from what I would picture, this would be pretty close. Mon Ami Gabi is such a cute French restaurant, and if you can get patio seating, it's pretty cool outside! I went for brunch with my family, so I'm not sure what dinner is like (hence 4 stars), but their service was excellent and the food was terrific.

We actually got patio seating at first, but then the day was so windy that we asked to be seated inside again. They still gave us a seat right next to the window, so the view was almost the exact same. =) 

We ordered a cream of oyster soup with a hint of saffron and something else. It was really cute how they brought it out. The waitress carried out a huge shallow bowl and a kettle and poured the soup into the bowl from the kettle! What a unique way of keeping soup warm...at least that's the first time I've seen it like that! She also brought out 4 spoons for us to share the soup. And it's sharable, believe me. It was really yummy too, and I'm not an oyster fan. But the color of the soup was almost like it wasn't cream, but butternut squash puree or something. The consistency wasn't as chunky though, but it was light and filling. Their French bread with the soup was a good pairing as well.

My mom got the chicken, spinach, and brie crepe and that thing was enormous! It was good too, but maybe could have been more savory. Perhaps because brie isn't very salty as a cheese. My dad got the quiche lorraine, which the server recommended over the leek and butternut squash quiche, and I'm glad she did because it really was good. It wasn't too dense, but of course I'm sure if my dad didn't share, it would have been overwhelming. And it wasn't just a slice either; it was an entire mini-quiche. I think this was my favorite. The cream + cheese and bacon and onions were amazing!

My sister got a chicken BLT sandwich and it came with these waffle fries, which my mom and dad loved. I wasn't such a big fan because they were a little too oily for my liking, but they had a good crisp to them . Her sandwich was really good though! And it was actually really filling too. I ordered a salmon...something with salad. haha And it was good, but I mean, how hard is it to mess up on salmon? The salad had a good dressing to it and it wasn't too overpowering.

Overall, it was a delightful and refreshing brunch with very nice servers! It also wasn't terribly overpriced. I think our total bill came to be a little less than $85. =)Food, service and atmosphere are amazing here. My boyfriend and I ate breakfast here on a whim one morning and have eaten there every trip ever since. The wait wasn't very long. I had the Bananas Foster Skinny pancakes and he had the Nutella Waffle. It's at a great location on the strip. Across the street from the Bellagio Fountains... Sitting on the patio is really the way to go if you want to get the full experience. 
Def rec. 

Oh! And they have a full Bloody Mary bar!... that is all.Had brunch here on a Saturday. Got there early enough to snag a table on the outside patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. Great spot. The hostess was pleasant and engaged us in conversation while she escorted us to our seats.  The entire staff seemed friendly and always allowed us the right of way. All these little touches added to the overall dining experience.

The food was definitely the highlight.  I'm always wary of tourist trap restaurants on the Strip, but this place really delivered.  I tried the special of the morning- a short rib benedict served with hash browns. Amazing.  I'm very picky when it comes to sauces, and their hollandaise was perfection- not too thick, not too runny, just right.  Someone at my table tried the corned beef hash and raved about it. 

The patio can get very busy, so attention to detail such as coffee refills can sometimes be spotty, but that's just me being nit picky.  Overall, I was very pleased with my brunch.Decided to try this place out because I saw this place while walking up the strip and it smelled good. It was a pleasant surprise for a place that looks pretty touristy. I had an onion soup and a beef wellington. Both were perfectly done. Onion soup was perfectly seasoned, and the wellington was delicious. Would definitely come back here again.We just came in for some tapas and it was fantastic. We ordered the baked goat cheese, escargot, and the salmon tartare. Fantastic!!This place is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas the food is just amazing the service is a amazing as well I have been here about 6 times and was never disappointed they use to have this amazing dish that was only served on Saturdays it was 3 filet mignon medallions wrapped with bacon it was out of this world I use to come to vegas on Saturdays just for thatBest place on the strip to eat in Vegas. The staff is friendly and our food was amazing!! The Niçoise Salad was fresh and delicious and my ultimate favorite dish was the Salmon tartare. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!!Every time I am in Vegas - I eat here.  Always.  Great views, great service, great food.  A true winner when you're in Vegas!Amazing, everything is amazing. The baked cheese appetizer is a MUST! We eat here every time we are in Vegas.Ask for a view of the fountains when you make your reservation. It doesn't hurt, and it seemed to have helped us out at least. 

Daily fish specials are available here. On Friday night, it was Dover Sole with a light lemon, caper, butter sauce, served over slighted wilted spinach and with a side of mini roasted red potatoes. 

The place smacks me from the sidewalk as a tourist trap. It's located right across the street from the Bellagio fountains, the outdoor patio is situated right on the sidewalk, and it's a giant space. However, the food is amazing, and it rightly deserves the number of stars that 500+ people have given. 

Plan ahead if you're able to. We had a reservation (booked 2 wks in advance) and waltzed right in. There was a line of 6+ people at all times in the non-reservation line throughout the night.Came here for dinner on a Wednesday night without reservations. There was a little line at the door, but we were seated right away. We were sat right next to the wine room, which was so cool to see! The atmosphere there was incredible.

I don't remember our waiter's name, but he was very friendly and personable. He explained everything to us nicely. 

Now onto the food. I have a shellfish allergy, so I was worried that I wouldn't be able to have the steak frites. Our waiter assured me that I'd be fine, and if I was still worried they substitute the mashed potatoes for no charge. I stuck with the steak frites, and I am SO glad I did. They were good and crispy! And there was a lot of them. I got the Au Poivre steak, and it was AMAZING! It was so tender and juicy, and the sauce was slightly spicy because of the peppercorn and it all was so good together. My boyfriend got the dijon steak, which he loved as well. I thought mine tasted better, but he preferred his - I guess that's good because then we each get to keep our food to ourselves :)

I am so glad that we came here while we were in Vegas. It was the best food we had there during our stay, and if I'm ever back in Las Vegas I'll definitely make another stop!If you enjoy a little people watching with your dining, sit out on the outside terrace and watch Las Vegas tourist walk the strip as they celebrate their winnings or rave about the fabulous Bellagio fountains.  As the restaurant is directly across from the fountains, it is also a great place to dine while taking in the free show.   The food fits the setting, with a traditional French menu infused with a bit of Vegas penache.   We had excellent service..polite, prompt, helpful (great at helping us pick a great wine suited to our selections!) and personal.   And by the way,   the wait staff aren't above snapping that great snapshot of you and your guest having a good time....it is great to be a tourist!The steak was delicious. The service was amazing. The ambiance was nice also. I was a little disappointed in how much my drinks cost though. The two drinks I had was almost the same price of my steak dinner. The size of my steak was also good. Typically I feel like I never get what I pay for steak wise, but I did here.Really wonderful experience in every aspect! I almost felt like I was in Paris for the 1.5 hours I was there.

I came here with the bf for a pre-birthday celebration, and I couldn't have asked for anything better! We made a reservation on open table a couple of days in advance. We requested a seat overlooking the Bellagio fountains, as we heard that was a good place to be.

While we weren't seated in the room with all of the big windows, facing the fountain, we were placed in the next room, right in front of the door that looked onto the fountain...so we could still see everything perfectly. It was a great view of the fountain show that is performed about every 15 minutes. Very touristy...but hey, I'm a tourist, so let me have my thrill!

The service was impeccable. We never ran low on water. The food came out at a steady pace that let us enjoy the night, but wasn't too slow, and wasn't too fast. 

I had the french onion soup to start and the bf had the moules (mussels). Both were exceptional. I'm always afraid of getting full on the French onion soup but it was the perfect amount. Then we both ordered the steak with beranaise sauce. Again, perfect. The steak melted in your mouth and the sauce was the perfect companion.

As part of the b-day celebration, the server brought out a profiterolle with a birthday candle as a complimentary dessert. Very nice touch. 

All in all, a wonderful evening! Couldn't have asked for anything better! :)Consistently delicious, fresh food. Greatest setting on the strip. You can sit outside and watch the action walk right by. The outdoor seating is raised up, so lookie-loos and other freaks can't make eye contact with you or jump the rail! It's pricey, but this is one place where you get what you pay for. Terrific service and high quality drinks from the bar. Don't come to Vegas without hitting this place!It was our second time and we are happily impressed. Our server Matt started us off with a baguette accompanied with french butter and a shredded mix of apples, celery, capers and lemon juice. Delicious! We started with the escargots ($14.95); extremely tender. My husband order a side salad ($8.95) with mixed greens, picked jicama, heirloom tomatoes tossed in a lemon Dijon vinaigrette.  It was a decent size salad. For our entrees we ordered the Wild Boar Ragu ($21.95), and the 22 oz. Bone in Ribeye ($39.95) with frittes. Since I didn't know which sauce I wanted to accompany my steak Matt (server) offer to bring three. We even were able to an extra baguette.  All in all it was an amazing meal for a descent price. If you're in for French on a dime this is the place.Mon Ami Gabi is our favorite restaurant in Vegas! My husband and I have been married for six years, and every year on our anniversary, we go to Mon Ami Gabi. The food is always excellent, the staff tries to seat us in the specific area that we prefer, and they are one of the best prepared restaurants as far as dealing with my husband's wheat allergy goes. We plan on continuing to celebrate our anniversaries here for years to come!I had been wanting to try Mon Ami Gabi for years and it did not disappoint.  Definitely one of the best meals we've ever had in Vegas.  The baguettes are to die for!My wife and I had dinner here.  Make sure you have reservations.  It gets rather packed.  The interior is really nice.  It's incredibly dark inside though.  The noise level is rather high.  We both had the hanger steaks and frites.  The plating was awful (compared to what they show on their pictures).  I must say they were very delicious though.  I ordered medium-well and it was spot on.One more time while I'm here!

Great eggs benedict here but going to try something different. Going w the pancakes!

Breakfast of champs!We had dinner here April 7th our wedding anniversary.
The food was top notch and the service sublime. Our server Brooke was so helpful and just attentive enough to make it a great experience.
They even have a gluten free menu!!!!
The servings are generous and the food is not too spicy nor rich.
Just wonderful!BONJOUR!!!!! 

I am not a big fan of Frenchy. In fact, I wanted to name my first born French Frie just to piss Frenchy off! That being said, I never really got down with French food, French's mustard, French Onion Soup.... Wait, strike that. I love me some french onion soup. I guess what picture I am attempting to paint is that I can't stand French anything. 

I wanted to find a really romantic setting for brunch with my lovely lady while we were in Vegas and wouldn't you know it. I was Yelping my ass off for like 3 days, no luck. Then, I saw Mon Ami Gabi pop up on the homepage and some girl gave it 4 stars, so I said that's the place, no matter what. I didn't know it was Frenchy til I saw it was at hotel Paris and by that time, it was really too late. I already dove in the pool so it was time to swim.

The place was bonkers packed when we got there, but I made a reservation through Yelp and we bypassed the blue haired ladies stankin' up the joint with their strong ass Avon perfume and were seated inside, but in the solarium. Perfect people watching seats, right in front and not baking in the sun. 

Coffee = Strong = Bon (that's French for good) 

French Toast was bomb! Fresh bread, crunchy goodness on the outside and soft, warm gooey center. Blueberry compote/syrup wasn't too sweet and adds a nice tartness that I only wish I could replicate at home. 

Side of bacon was crispy, greasy (in a great way) and so delicious! It clearly wasn't cooked in a pan b/c it didn't have that funky curl to it. It was nice and flat. I was hoping for a side of the bacon grease to lather myself up with as we sat poolside, but that's a bit excessive. 

Elizabeth ordered the traditional breakfast and the eggs were cooked perfectly. Nice and runny, just the way she likes it. Hash browns were crispy, French muffin (English muffin but follow along please) served with freshly whipped butter, which was delicious, creamy and delightful. 

The service was fantastic and I didn't know what to expect b/c the place is jumpin with tourists, everyone wants first class service and I don't know about anyone else, but we got it. For example, as we were being seated the hostess chatted us up with some basic chit chat and pulled the chair out for both of us, nice touch. 

I love that I can trust Yelp to pave the way for a lovely event. Thanks for the love Yelpers!Love this place from the ambiance to the service to the food... a must try even if you're not into French fare (which I am not) there is something for everyone!This place is great.  I've been several times.  It's relatively expensive.  If you are visiting Las Vegas then you should definitely plan on making reservations and sitting on the patio to watch the tourists and if timed correctly, the Bellagio waterfall.  If you do not have reservations, you could be waiting a long time, however I never have waited more than 10 min.

I highly recommend the seafood tower.  I cannot recommend the lamb shank.  

So make a big deal of it and get a bottle of champagne and live it up cause Mon Ami Gabi is really one of those Vegas things that all must do.After checking in at Paris we wandered down to Mon Ami Gabi which came recommended by a co-worker. It was only in the 40s so we wisely chose inside seating with a view of the Bellagio fountains. 

After looking at the first wine list that I'd seen with Cali Wines more expensive than French ones, we settled in with a nice red Bordeaux.

Our appetizers included escargot which was a bit heavy on the parsley and WA State Oysters which had a much different, not bad, flavor profile then the Atlantic oysters I enjoy back home. 

Our steaks were very tender and cooked perfectly medium rare. 

We were running late for a show so our server offered coffee in a to go cup.

The service was attentive, but not overbearing, the food good and the prices not bad for an on-strip restaurant.Our best meal in Vegas! Went there for Monday morning breakfast before leaving town. 

We were seated right away, decor is fine, all decked out in French Bistro style. Service was friendly and professional. 

Corned Beef Hash was spot on. Husband's bacon was cooked as requested and very tasty. Their meat vendor deserves a raise!  

Barista was on their game too - vanilla latte was frothy and perfectly flavored. 

Worth a visit when you're in town - well run and enjoyable.Breakfast:  They are open for breakfast 7-11.  We had a great breakfast outside.  Quick seating, good service, lovely food.  I especially like the crusty bread for toast.  The menu has lots of choices, and at bargain prices I thought.  We stayed for an extra bloody mary and the morning air.Bonjour! Love eating at this restaurant during breakfast time. ask for Patio seating not to hot not to cold during the autumn season. The thing i love most about this place is the awesome views of the strip and the Bellagio foutains. This restaurant is a great way to wake up to Las Vegas.. I normally have the waffles and coffee while i chat and enjoy the view. A Must do while you are in vegas. The only problem is not that much selctions on the menu. Prices are ok.Having lived in France and visited numerous times, I would say Mon Ami Gabi is a French bistro style restaurant.  Bistros have limited menu choices, the items are usually simple, and the service tends to be quick and efficient.  The food here is decent, although a bit inconsistent at times.  But the service was anything but quick or efficient.  After we sat down it took a long time for them to take our order.  Once our orders were taken, it was 30 minutes before our country pate arrived, a dish that requires minimal preparation.  It was another long wait before our main dishes came.  My steak frites was generously portioned, cooked to my liking, and very flavorful.  My gf's seared scallops though were overly charred, and left a burned taste in our mouths.  

Now despite the slow service, and the mishap on the food, here's why I'm giving them 4 stars --- the staff and management really took care of us.  When I made a complaint to my waiter about the scallops.  He had it replaced quickly.  Then the manager came out to apologize personally, and comp'ed the appetizers and the glass of wine.  I think that kind of attention and care to your customers is very rare these days, especially from a big and busy restaurant on the strip.  So I think they deserve a compliment for that!This place is AWESOME. Totally, totally awesome.

Came here for brunch on a random weekday and there wasn't much of a line for the indoor seating (I had a reservation but I didn't need it) but naturally there was a waitlist for the patio. I opted for the indoor seating, resigning myself to a darkened room on a nice spring day, but their indoor dining area is actually open to the patio - so it's like you're sitting on the patio anyway, just with less of a breeze ruffling your napkins and stuffs.

On to the food. VERY fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced (~$11-20 a plate? with a LOT of food on that plate) (go figure, for a Vegas fixture). Brunch is definitely the best meal to have here - they have a whole selection of yummy egg choices, omelettes and Eggs Benedict, but they have equally delicious waffles, savory choices, and even healthier options like oatmeal or egg white omelettes. I got the turkey egg white omelette with avocado (feeling guilty from indulging in M Resort's buffet the day before) and it hit the spot just right. I'm definitely coming back here!Yummy!  Great view of the  Bellagio Fountain show.This has always been one of my favorite steak restaurants. Great food, good ambiance, great wine and amazing steaks and fries, and if you were seated on the patio (right on the LVB strip) you are bound to have an amazing time watching people walk by and catch a glimpse of the Bellagio dancing fountains. My parents were in Vegas recently celebrating my mom's bday, and I knew they had dinner reservations at Mon Ami Gabi, so i called MAG and asked if i would be able to buy them a bottle of wine (i live in LA). The lady that helped me, was Nancy M and i believe she was the restaurant manager. Nancy was great, she helped in handling everything for me. She set everything up very nicely, they were moved to the patio after they were initially seated inside, they presented them with the wine and explained that this was from me, they were also given a complimentary bday cake after dinner. Thank you MAG and thank you Nancy for all your help.Pork tenderloin was delicious and the mashed potatoes it comes with are also on point. Beer prices are similar to most places in the area. Fast service, probably want to make a reservationThis place is located in a very cool spot inside the Paris hotel. Outside seating makes it a perfect spot to people watch and look over at the fountain show. The food is delicious (but pricey, as is standard in Vegas). I came here on a busy warm day and was seated within 15mins, but there was plenty of room inside. Will def come back :)Reservations wouldn't be a bad idea.  Though, it's not a definite requirement.

Order the carafe of St. Germain spritzer!  It's good with your starters.  The baked goat cheese is excellent while you wait for your entrees.  And you can't go wrong with the french onion soup (which accommodates two); it's one of the few places that gets the soup right for me.

The Duck a L'orange, filet merlot, short ribs, bone-in ribeye and seafood platter have all been high hitters.  And all things considered, the prices aren't bad at all for what you're getting.  There's even a convenient view of the Bellagio water show!  As well, the waitstaff is knowledgeable and generally helpful.  Haven't had a bad experience to date.  If I'm in Vegas, it's always a pitstop.celebrated my roomie's bday~love their service, easy but nice.My wife and I after the Celine dion show went to Paris hotel to rekindle our memory of the infamous jersey boys. We decided to eat at the mon ami Gabi. Our waiter Martin was pleasant and very accommodating. I had the rib eye with flat flies which was outrageous and this being said after tried cut. My wife had the crab cakes outrageous and the most fresh crab we ever had. Hands down may not be the trendiest place in Vegas but it's definitely hands down a top of the list restaurants that you won't be disappointed.Long wait on a Sunday morning for brunch without a reservation if you want patio seats, but we opted for indoor seats and our wait was only 10min.

Decent coffee and fast service. Eggs Benedict was pretty good, but I was more wow-ed by the chicken apple and cheese crepe. The crepe was tasty and the chicken juicy and not overly dry. 

Definitely recommend making a reservation next time for patio seats!We went to Mon Ami Gabi after the cirque show for a quick bite. The chicken liver pate was delicious, the mustard that is served with it really complements it and elevates the flavor. My husband ordered a cocktail, however he thought it was a bit too expensive for the quality. We also ordered some frites, warmed Brie and trout dish. All very delicious. Our waitress was super, she had a little bit too much on her plate when we first got there, however she got more attentive towards the end. She packed us the leftovers, which were a good breakfast for the next day. Outdoor sitting seemed a little scary as it was chilly outside, but those heating lamps really keep it warm.My boyfriend and I came here for the first time. He was craving good french food and this happened to pop up on my Yelp. I am so happy we decided to come here because it was so good. It reminded my boyfriend of being in Paris and eating at one of the local restaurants. We really enjoyed our food and experience here. The escargot was my favorite! I wish I had more right now. Everything was just so good. Can't wait to come back here again when we're in the area!Maybe I'll never get the hang of pronouncing French words correctly, but I'm certainly becoming accustomed to indulging in French cuisine.

I met up with friends for a late breakfast on a Tuesday. As predicted, the restaurant wasn't crowded. It was a muggy day out, so we requested not to be seated on the patio. Instead, we were seated in between the patio and the dining room. This was a perfect spot because we didn't feel any mugginess. Rather, we felt the cool air from inside lightly blowing past us. Plus, we had a great view of The Strip and The Bellagio. 

Breakfast began with Escargot marinated in butter and garlic. We loved the garlicky aroma and flavor of the tender snails. Light and delicious, it was a good start to our breakfast.

I ordered the Croque Madame as my main dish. This is an option that's not on the menu, only the Croque Monsieur is mentioned. However, our waitress asked if I wanted to make it a Madame by adding an egg. The Madame was just a middle-of-the-road ham and cheese sandwich with a fried egg on top. It was palatable, but it doesn't come close to Bouchon's version.

Finished off lunch with a Chocolate Tart. It was light, chocolaty, and its sweetness wasn't overbearing; just enough to satisfy the sweet tooth. I also enjoyed the single scoop of the salted caramel ice cream, which paired well with the tart. I was able to try my friends' desserts, as well. The Bananas Foster crepe was also deliciously light as was the Chocolate Mousse topped with crunchy balls of chocolate that looked like Dippin Dots. 

The service at this restaurant is excellent. Our server did a fantastic job attending to our table. It's almost a rarity in this city to experience top notch service like what we experienced here. 
 
As much as I would like to give Mon Ami Gabi 5-Stars, the Madame Croque was slightly disappointing. On the other hand, the service was stellar and the Escargot and desserts were great.Flawless. Mon Ami Gabi is located in the Paris hotel on the strip, the terrace overlooking the Bellagio fountains and giving you a great vantage point for people watching. If you are unfortunate and do not score a terrace seat, the interior is still fun and well done.

The menu has a variety of oprtions, you can't really go wrong - this most recent visit I ordered a half dozen oysters which were excellent. For an entree though, ignore the rest of the menu and order something from the steak frites section. This is what Mon Ami Gabi is known for and what you really should be getting. The peppercorn or bernaise ones are unbelievable - the fries are equally as satisfying.I cant get enough of this place!! The steaks are the best in the west!! Its a french steakhouse and its a must everytime im in Vegas. Outside seating faces bellagio and you can dine while having dinner listening to the music and watching the water show.
A las vegas landmark in my option
A++Mon Ami Gabi...when you have such a beautiful name, there is little that can go wrong. 1 star just for the romantic and oh-so lovely name. 

1.5 stars for the stunning location and patio seating by the Bellagio fountains. Ambiance is classic French style with wine and champagne bottles adding color to the decor. Now think for a moment, you are dining under the Eiffel Tower on a starry night - yeah it's a fake one but what's the harm in inflating your thoughts a bit? Try it, will feel magical. 

1 star for the superb food. No reason to complain and cooked to satisfaction. I tried the herb roast chicken, juicy and tender and boy, the fries are darn good.  

0.5 stars for the service. Not saying its bad at all, but just that service is not the highlight of the restaurant. Its fine and the way it should be.This was one of the first nice restaurants I ate at in Vegas and we sat in the patio which takes a while to sit at but well worth the wait with view of the Bellagio fountains and people watching. The service is amazing and the steak is great.This place is excellent! The past few times I've been to Vegas I noticed that this place was always packed, so on our trip over this past weekend, I made it a point to schedule a visit. We made reservations for breakfast- when we arrived we were seated without a wait. The wife ordered the Skinny Apple Pancakes and I ordered the Blueberry French Toast. The pancakes are made the same thickness of crape and the French Toast is two - three think slices of super moist bread. Both dishes were amazing and I highly recommend that you try both the if possible.Best deal in Las Vegas.  Hands down.  

The location is amazing - directly across from the Bellagio fountains.  My fiance and I have been for breakfast and dinner many times.  We like to start all our Vegas vacations at Mon Ami.    
 
We've tried just about everything on the menu -- it's all fantastic.  If you're going to dinner, make sure you try the frites!  Best of all?  It's one of the only restaurants in Vegas that is reasonably priced.  Don't be surprised if it is packed and you have to wait for a table - it's worth the wait.    

Service is outstanding.  Fast.  Courteous.  Professional.This place was absolutely fantastic! The waiters are attentive but not in your face and the food was delicious. I would highly recommend the baked goat cheese and the Spinach and Asparagus QuicheGot to the Paris before check in and was super hungry. It seemed like a nice place so I went in. I would've preferred to sit outside but it's a cold and windy day so inside in the cozy warmth was great. 

So many tasty sounding options for breakfast I couldn't decide so I finally settled on the corned beef hash with poached eggs. It was delicious!!! Nice big chunks of corned beef with tasty potatoes and delicious poached eggs. Came with a side of hash brown and toast as well. Good fresh squeezed OJ, would definitely come back for breakfast and now I want to try dinner. Maybe later tonight.I Love this place i always recomend this place to friends and family when they come from out of town. It wont break your bank but you will have a great meal and some good memories. I had a KILLER plate of bouef bourginion here last winter.Whenever anyone asks me where to go for steak in Las Vegas, I tell them Mon Ami Gabi. I've been here 10 times I've had the Peppercorn Steak three times and I've had the French onion soup 10 times. 

The view is breathtaking. If you're a guy and need to win points in the books with your lady, this place will definitely save your arse. In the summer and spring be sure to make reservations as spots will fill quickly. 

Try the Peppercorn Steak... it's the best one on the menu and the French onion soup is absolutely incredible. The French onion soup is enough to share with another person, extremely large and gets cold by the time you finish half. Make sure you also get a Coke to wash the Peppercorn steak down with as well as the mashed potatoes they give you on the side. 

Nothing is as breathtaking as the moment you look up and see the Bellagio fountains dancing like a ballerinas to the sound of Major Lazer. 

Pro tip: the seats that are outside on the balcony are much noisier than those in the dining room overlooking the Bellagio fountains.This review is for the breakfast.  Absolutely LOVED it!  I came in on a Sunday at 9:30 and was scared since there was a line out the door.  However, when I got to the hostess desk she told me I could be seated right away inside or there would be a 10 minute wait for the patio.  Patio, of course!  It's a great place to people watch.  

Everything was super on point and the hostess was super nice like asking questions.  Service was also very very nice and everything seemed busy around but it never felt rushed.  I ordered the mixed berry waffles and bf had the eggs Benedict.  Coffees and waters were kept filled and the food came out in a timely manner.  The food itself though was SO good!  The waffles came in 4 pieces with very fresh pieces of fruit.  The waffle batter was nice and thin and stayed crisp on the edges even after I poured syrup on it!  It came with a nice side of whipped cream.  I ordered a side of date bacon and it was so delicious.  It tasted sweet and crisp.  I had a bite of the bf's benedict and he also loved it.  It came with a side of hash browns.

Prices were very reasonable for Vegas food.  I will definitely eat here for dinner next time and try the steak!!OK, first let's dispel the rumor that sitting across the street from the Bellagio fountains indoors or outdoors is a worthwhile experience.  Without the music the fountains are just a bunch of overgrown water sprinklers and, unfortunately, the music cannot be heard.  Even outside, the road noise and crowd noise from the restaurant drowned out the music.  So if you're going to go here, go for the food alone.

Extensive and interesting menu and wine list.  We enjoyed the following:
 Beet and apple salad (complimentary) served with the French bread and butter.  Very good and quite interesting.
 Shrimp cocktail - very good
 Chicken liver pate with toast points, cornichons, olives, and pickled onions - great!
 Flat iron steak bordelaise - Good if you like bordelaise
 Fish and chips - wonderful and possibly our favorite dish
 Garlic Spinach - very good
 Frites - very good - a cross between potato chips and fries.  Must try.
 French onion soup - fair.
 Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes - Excellent - some of the best we've had.
 House Merlot - average

Service was excellent.  Outdoor seating is fun for people watching but is first come first serve only.  Inner patio covered seating is same.  Indoor seating would definitely be my last choice and might not be a choice for us as there was a strong fish smell throughout the indoor areas.  In fact, it even drifted out onto the patio when we were first seated.  Hopefully a one time thing.We ate here while visiting Vegas for a few days and it was the best food we had. The indoor patio is a dream. They use some sort of voodoo magic to make you feel like you're sitting outside in the sunshine while keeping the place at a perfect 75 degrees. The food was delicious and fresh. We had the tuna burger (rare) and the crab salad sandwich. Both were so refreshing and light. The housemade frites are awesome as well. Definitely eat here. You won't regret it!6 stars if I had the choice.

At the top of the list were the grilled scallops - they literally melt in your mouth. They are accompanied with a cauliflower mash and some sauteed spinach, which doesn't sound like anything fancy, but trust me - they're really good! (I like the idea of evaluating a restaurant based on how well they do their vegetable sides).

My orzo salmon wasn't bad either - very flavorful and mixed well with the orzo - the orzo contained some spinach slivers which gave balance to all the flavors.

The following night we had a roast chicken with pommes frites. This was the weakest dish - the chicken was half a large (so both breast/wing and thigh/leg combos! way too much for one person) and the breast portion was rather dry. The pommes frites were more like chips than fries, but that I presume is the proper cooking style.

The lemon caper trout was excellent as well - not too capery, and not too lemony (just right!). For a vege side the harticots verts were done perfectly - not too crunchy yet tasty and a nice bite.

The appetizer we had was baked scallops, but this time in a type of shallot wine sauce (not sure if that is accurate) - but very rich flavor and heavenly.

Service very very good, and not as long a line as some other restaurants in Vegas.

Plus - as noted in other reviews - don't forget the view of the water show at Bellagio right across the street!

Practical note: if you wish to sit outside, you'll probably wait longer than if you wish to merely sit in the inside portion next to the window. You'll still be able to see the water show.We had pre-determined that we would be coming here for a brunch or lunch during our most recent trip to Las Vegas for my birthday. The location is wonderful - right on the strip in the Paris Hotel & Casino - you can either eat outside in the fresh air or inside. We decided - as it was a windy day - to eat inside, but right next to the outside seating, where it's basically a large sun room - so we had all the light without any of the wind/weather :)

We were there for breakfast, but they have some of their non-breakfast items on the breakfast menu as well - as I was in it for the Steak Frites, hubby had the Croque Madame - both were superb in taste, quality and came out exactly as we asked. We could not have been more pleased with eating here! The food was absolutely phenomenal and the service was absolutely on par. We had constant coffee refills and the waiters were more than attentive. It definitely exceeded my expectations for my birthday breakfast which was just phenomenal.

Pricing is probably $$-$$$ - it is a French Restaurant and it does also matter what you order. I ordered a steak, it was $28, and husband's Croque Madame (Ham & Cheese Sandwhich with a fried egg on top and French fries) was $15. Hot breakfast ranges in the $12-$15 which is more than reasonable, I think the lunch and dinner menus get more expensive but that is expected. 

We ABSOLUTELY will make this a staple restaurant whenever we return to Las Vegas :)Mon Ami Gabi (literally "my friend Gabi") is French enough to have a charming, inviting interior and some great food, but not so French that it pisses you right off.  This place hits the mark and the prices, even for Vegas, are shockingly in the same zip code as "reasonable."

The inside has dark paneling, flowers in vases, thoroughly-appointed place settings, and some rather corny overly-French signage (like "Au Revoir" over the exit haha).  The staff are hit and miss, but they do give it a good ole' college try.

The food is quite respectable, even if the menu offers a lot of items that just seem French-ish to most people rather than what you'd find in a Parisian restaurant.  The crepes are excellent across the board, the quiche lorraine is fluffy and decadent, and the breakfast dishes are delicious and filling.  On Saturdays and Sundays they offer a ridiculously-stocked bloody Mary bar that is the perfect antidote to the ubiquitous Vegas hangover.

There are some obviously Vegas-like departures from French dining of course; our waiter for instance had badly chapped lips, stammered a lot while trying to remember the specials, and at one point wiped his nose with the back of his hand; all three of which are offenses that would get him fired on the spot from any decent eatery on the Champs-Élysées.  None of this was offensive to us, we're Americans with perennially low expectations for Vegas, and as I implied at the start: departure from 100% authentic French is not necessarily a bad thing.My wife and I went here as we were excited to try French food. It has a nice romantic environment where we sat inside but the outside patio looked awesome too. Unfortunately my wife wasn't feeling well so after we ordered we had to ask the waiter to box up our food so we could get back to the hotel. He was awesome about it and even offered us free dessert if we came back. The sangria was amazing!!! It has Rosemary infused into it! Yum! I had the lobster / corn chowder soup ... It was a cold soup which I wasn't expecting so I wasn't crazy about it but the flavors were good. The kale bacon salad was so good- even out of a box! We will definitely go back next time we are in Vegas!The service was really great, and the ambiance is awesome. If you sit in the patio, you able to catch the Bellagio fountains. My husband and I got the seared scallops and steak bordalise. The presentation was good, but the food was okay. It's good but not the die for great.My favorite breakfast in Vegas! You have to sit outside! Can't get reservations for outside...inside only. But, it's well worth the wait. Have the ham & cheese crepes! Wow...and the best coffee in town! I could eat there every morning. Perfect atmosphere on Strip, attached to Paris.What a wonderful time, al Fresco dining overlooking the Bellagio and the strip, our waiter looked like Mosely from Downton Abby! He spoiled us with fine recommendations and great service also accommodating our gluten free friends at the table. I had the chicken apple and Brie Crepes -- wonderful tender crepes and the sweet of the apples and the savory chicken was a great combination! Frizee salads with smoked lardons (pork belly) was a party in the mouth, the prime rib Benedict with house made English muffin was wonderful . Must try!I have been told that this place is really good.  Even walking by, this place always seems packed with guests.  And after reading a bunch of the reviews, I thought going here was a must.

Placed a reservation.  Reservations are for indoor seating, I believe.  If you want to sit outside, you have to actually go there and be put on a list and wait.

I ordered the corned beef hash with mushrooms.  Absolutely delicious.  The poached egg may not be much, but it really added some flavor when you poke at the yolk.  Hashbrowns?  Wow.  Not your typical diner hashbrowns.

There was also a build your own Bloody Mary bar.  I thought that was pretty cool.Our party of 4 enjoyed a very nice table with Sean as our waiter. The warm olives and potato chips were excellent appetizers. I enjoyed my recommended filet mignon au poivre. Two others enjoyed the bolognaise. Overall a good choice for dinner.I am so happy we randomly decided to eat here on my boyfriend's and my last night in Vegas on a recent trip.  The view of the Bellagio fountains couldn't have been better, the steak frites was the best I've ever eaten, the prices were reasonable, the ambience low key and lovely, and the service was great.  The Paris is definitely my favorite casino and Mon Ami Gabi did not disappoint!I really enjoyed breakfast here. Had the chicken, apple and Brie cheese crepe and I loved it. It was the right amount of each with a light crepe in each bite. They finished the crepe off with a tasty, rich Hollandaise sauce that just added to the flavor. The coffee was a good coffee without being overpowering. Only downfall is the breakfast potatoes. I found they were greasier than crispy and not salted enough.Excellent food, great service. Had dinner and breakfast there with the family while in Vegas. Everyone was very happy with their dishes and drinks. Great place. Definitely recommend!!!amazing french restaurant in the paris hotel. lots of choices for steak and seafood, but delicious appetizers and salads too. very extensive, although pricy, wine list as well. but, you MUST try the french onion soup, it was my favorite thing on the menu the multiple times i've gone there. (ok fine, by multiple i mean twice. but i plan on going there more.) and apparently amazing seats for the bellagio water show. but it's too cold right now for that (december) so for now, sit inside until spring rolls around.Breakfast done right! Ordered the egg white and turkey omelette, served with avocado and tomatoes. Everything about this dish, from the presentation to the fresh bread, was amazing very affordable for a healthy breakfast in Vegas. The service was great, and the ambiance is relaxing and fun! Will be returning!This place brings some enlightenment in the Vegas strip Blvd. I love the location and setting of this place. The outdoor patio sitting area is not bad overlooking the bellagio water show. This is my third time coming here and it's me and my girl friends favorite restaurant to enjoy on a weekend night. We always order the escargot along with some other entrees. The complimentary bread is fantastic. Attention all tourist must come here when they visit Vegas. Their menu prices aren't that bad either. Everything is cooked very well and perfect amount of taste to it all.This place is simply amazeballs. 
We went there twice, both times for breakfast. Their homemade english muffins are done the old fashioned, real way... With lots of nooks and crannies, and go great with eggs, butter, or jam.

I had scrambled eggs, and as simple as that dish is, it blew me away at how tasty they were. I make really good scrambled eggs, and they certainly schooled me!

Try their bacon - it's baked in the oven, coated in date ooze. Delicious! Also, try their coffee - it's fantastic. I had a vanilla latte (I paid extra for the 'bowl') -- hands down the best latte I've ever had. My friend had their quiche, which was fantastic. 

This place obviously takes pride in their food and drink, and every dish was served with the same care that it took to make it.

I'm so a fan of this place, I can't imagine a Vegas trip without going there. It gets crowded so make reservations early if you can.Every time I'm in Vegas I end up spending the afternoon on the patio here resolving my hangover... You can't beat the view - the Bellagio fountains are immediately across the street.   

Everything I've ever eaten here has been fabulous, from the atypical fish and chips to the mussels to the croque monsieur to the french onion soup. Full bar, wine, beer, etc. Great Frangria (their version of Sangria) - buy a carafe to get a better deal... Excellent people watching on the strip. The Atrium room is also a very nice place to sit, but I'd avoid the rest of the place as it is very dark. They've just added a bunch of gas heaters on the patio, so there are no excuses not to enjoy the patio, even on the cooler nights.A friend recommended this place so I thought I'd try it during my weekend in Vegas. We were a group of 8 dining for lunch and we had a great well lit table on the patio near the outdoor area. Since it was a French restaurant I was expecting the prices to be a lot higher, but they offered a huge range of dishes at very reasonable prices. 

My bf and I ordered the full order of mussels (comes with fries) and the chicken paillard plus a bloody mary & their take on sangria, a frangria. We were satisfied with everything. I tried everyone elses dishes at my table and I can't complain about anything. Our table dined on: crab lump sandwich, eggs benedict, fish of the day, salmon salad & steak. The french onion soup was also a big hit. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.I came here multiple times over the past few months and I'd definitely call this place a date spot. Very romantic but can also be a beautiful spot for photos. The food was good and service was wonderful. Definitely will be back!One Word. 

AMAZING. 

My sister and I were in Vegas for EDC Weekend & decided we wanted to get something to eat before heading to the concert. My sister's friend actually recommended this place to us. Right on the strip, the walk to here wasn't that long. One tip I have is that to get to the restaurant you have to actually go through the Paris Hotel. They have a very nice patio but being it was over 100 Degrees in Vegas, my sister and I decided to sit inside where there's AC even though I do love people watching especially in Vegas haha 

Service was a bit slow given the 4 star review. Our waitress was sweet but she definitely was flustered given that I noticed each server had their own section & it wasn't that busy inside compared to the patio. 

As for the food, my sister and I decided to share. I ordered the Prime Steak Sandwich and she ordered the Macaroni Gratin. The steak was cooked perfect and the the macaroni was creamy which I love. Portions were great. Both were SO FREAKING GOOD. 

When I come back to Vegas, definitely will make a stop here again.The best things-
*sitting outside on the strip
*the gluten free bread/ menu and free olives
*$5.50 drink special that was a Frangia
*the chocolate mousse

The average things-
*the frites
*the croque monsuierre sandwich
*the service
*prices are pretty darn decent for the strip

The not so great things-
*that having a reservation didn't get us a quality table.  Was given one right in the sun with no umbrella up and then moved to the far corner.
*the macaroni and cheese was peppery and really not that good.  (You want a good mac & cheese then you MUST go to Nine Fine Irishmen at NYNY
*minimal vegetarian options on the lunch menuIt was a good restaurant for lunch, but I don't think the restaurant is french cuisine in my opinion. It was not a five star service though. I would recommend for lunch but not for dinner. My girl and I enjoyed the food.AMAZING!!! My favorite place for brunch and mimosas! Blueberry French toast is killer!The best breakfast spot on the strip. Minus the 11.95 mimosas, but that's just Vegas for ya.  The day we came in the patio was open but it was a little windy, so we opted to sit in the atrium area and it was a great choice, you can still see outside for people watching. The interior of the restaurant was a little dark, but would be nice and romantic for dinner time.

I enjoyed the cinnamon skinny pancake, the flavors were like heaven in your mouth. My honey had the oyster Benedict and said it was fantastic. With reasonable prices and great food its a no brainer, you should definitely check it out.I recommend the French Onion soup and any of their steak options. The soup was perfectly seasoned and the steak was full of flavor and tender. This will be a restaurant I come to for every Vegas trip!!!!Very good. Stoked on this place. Great atmosphere and the food was delightful.I've been here a few times and I don't think it has ever disappointed me.  Mon Ami is situated right in front of the Eiffel tower, overlooking the water show at the Bellagio, with outdoor seating for those who love to people watch. 

During the summer nights, I would definitely recommend sitting outside and enjoying the warm breeze while you enjoy their delicious food.  Seriously, this is the perfect dinner spot. It's like a show and dinner type of dining experience.  There's always something interesting happening on the streets of Las Vegas that you're almost guaranteed to see something worth talking about over dinner.  Think you might run out of things to talk about during your dinner date in Las Vegas?  Bring your date here.

On my recent trip to Las Vegas over this weekend, I ordered the jumbo crab cakes and the salmon and spinach salad. The salad was absolutely delicious!  Salmon was cooked perfectly and the dressing was mild and good.  The crab cakes were average.  Definitely not the best I've had and I definitely wouldn't order it again. 

Despite the crab cakes, my previous experiences have been good so I would probably go back on my next visit.Eggs were running when I broke with them with my forks. Bacon tasted crispy. Fries were salted to my liking. The quiche has more eggs than meat. Waffles were crispy. Overall got there around 11ish and got a table for 14 inside. Patio seating has a waiting list.Paris is not that far away...

If you need a little Parisian influence in your world this will do the trick until you get to the real place. 

I've been coming here for years and its honestly one of my favorite strip spots. It's also open for breakfast, lunch & dinner and dinner time is my favorite for sitting outside and taking in people watching along with the beautiful Bellagio fountains. People watching in Vegas never gets old! 

The food is excellent and I need to try breakfast here as that's the only thing I haven't done yet. For lunch I love the quiche, lemon salmon dish or the ham & cheese tartine. And for dinner I've had the salmon as well that usually comes with some type of purée like peas or potato and the steaks with frites here are excellent! You pick whether you would like the classic with some herb butter or get a little fancy with it and have caramelized onions and red wine sauce! This one is sweet and we loved it last night! The seafood platters are excellent here along with the fantastic cheese plates. I haven't had anything I didn't like...

Now the best part about this place is the ambiance! And of course the company...

I bring my favorite people here and last night was extra special as it was my moms first time. Every time we've attempted to come here in the past its either raining or full. 

This time was perfect. We sat outside. The temperature was amazing in the high 70's and we just enjoyed ourselves. Bring someone special here and whether it's a friend, lover or family member they will most likely enjoy it. 

Paris holds a very special place in my heart and this is as close as it gets in Vegas...Great steak and view!
We request to be seated outside and since it's evening, not hot at all, not mention the strong air con! As we three are not very hungry, we ordered salad, filet steak and daily fish, which are really tasty.One of my favorite places to dine on the Strip! Breakfast they have delicious crepes and you can get a latte in a massive mug for that perfect caffeine boost to start the day. At night, sit outside and you get a great view of the Bellagio water show. They have a wide menu to cater to most tastes, the staff is always pretty friendly and accommodating although because they are always so packed, sometimes they forget your table or they bring the wrong food. Last time I had breakfast there the busser was in such a rush he tried to serve my meal to another table and then to me and I had to send him back with it, as of course, you don't want food that's already been served to strangers. Overall though it's a must try on the Strip!One of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all high quality and they only use fresh product. The bacon at brunch is excellent and they offer an Ahi tuna sandwich at lunch. Any steak at dinner is going to be great, but you can't go wrong with any of it. Just check them out.  

They have a great view as well of the fountains but I'd recommend calling ahead of time if you want a good table this place is always packed.My wife and I were in town with her sister and her sister's husband for the weekend and upon doing some Yelp research it seemed like this restaurant was the most reviewed restaurant with a 4+ star score and two dollar signs.  Definitely a must try.

We made reservations for 7:30pm on Friday night.  It was a good move because the place was packed and there was a long wait for walk-ins.  Make reservations!  There is a patio outside that is heavily air conditioned and provides a view to the Bellagio fountains (albeit with some trees in the way) and LV Blvd.  Even in the heat of Summer, the A/C makes sitting out there reasonable.  It's pretty crazy.

The inside is pretty large and has a dim, romantic vibe to it.  Classy but not stuffy.  It was bustling with activity and somewhat cozy with the tables.  We were seated a little late because the place was so packed and they were running behind.

When we sat we got some wine and ordered.  Ultimately, we ordered the filet mignon done three ways (standard, au poivre, and with blue cheese) and a chicken dish.  My advice: stick to the steak.  I can't speak to the normal steak, but the filets were excellent.  Well prepared, super tender, excellent flavor, and reasonably filling at 8oz portions.  Very good for $32.  The chicken, on the other hand, was disappointing to my sister-in-law's husband.

The dishes come with either frites, which are basically thinly sliced french fries made crispy, or mashed potatoes.  The frites are good but not amazing.  The mashed potatoes are really good, though.  The mac 'n cheese is also pretty good.  Creme brulee was so so.

Summary: Get reservations.  Get the filet mignon, or maybe the standard steak.  Don't bother with anything else.  Mashed potatoes are great.  Frites are ok (if you like crispy, then they are more than ok).  Very reasonable for the quality and taste of everything.  Not a cheap dinner, but a good one for the package.  Would definitely come back again.I love breakfast in particular ... The skinny pancake with lemon marmalade is amazingThe steak I ordered was very thin but it's so tender and yummy!! The location is right in front of the Bellagio hotel!Great food! great service! Great price! Enough said

Must try: hanger butter steak, fries, scallops, macaroni, creme brûlée. 
The food were cooked perfectly, the meats were so tender, and soooo much butter. Yummy!

Our waitress is so tentative, polite and helpful. Just make sure to call for a reservation if you visit Vegas during the weekend. I had a pleasant experience there, and this place reminds me how good French food can be, and how much I love it. Will definitely come back when I'm in town next time.Second time coming here with the love of my life...right across the street from Bellagio fountains...on the Strip but beautifulQuite pleased with the flavors here at brunch. My omelette with mushrooms had the most delicious, creamy taste! The rosemary-soaked tomatoes were a burst of flavor. My husbands steak was quite thin and ever so slightly overlooked. 
We walked in just before the rush and were seated promptly. Service was attentive and timely. Excellent atmosphere.Mon ami Gabi was my first stop for food after landing in Vegas.  This place happened to be right next to my hotel which was very convenient. I came in both times for brunch and sat outdoors as that was my main purpose in dining here. The first time I came in, I ordered the eggs Benedict with a macchiato and a mimosa. While my friend had a cafe au lait and unfortunately, I forgot what she ate for breakfast.  

So the eggs Benedict wasn't anything special BUT they pretty much had the best English muffin I've ever tasted.  It was fluffy and thick unlike most English muffins that come with the Benedict which are thinner.  Their English muffin is made in house so that's why it's unique in my opinion. The mimosa was certainly strong, definitely getting my money's worth because it was not cheap. 
I stopped in again before checking out the hotel for breakfast and ordered the smoke salmon, I found delicious as well. I should've tried their lunch menu. Maybe next time.  

In order to get in the restaurant for eating outdoors, you have to go through the casino, which I think is kind of stupid.  The indoors is very dim, there's also a greenhouse kind of room if you rather see sunlight and have air conditioning.  The outdoor area include umbrellas.  It makes good spot for people watching and sometimes you'll see random street performers which is always interesting.Love this place!  We definitely make it a staple every visit to Vegas.  Great food for affordable prices.  Ordered a smoked salmon & egg salad tartine (with fries) for something like $13 (for lunch).  Never had a bad meal here.

Pros & Tips:
-Sit outside for a view of the Bellagio fountain show; it is semi-blocked by trees but it's good enough.
-French fries are A-MAZ-ING!  If you order a sandwich that comes with chips, sub the fries!  Might be a small charge but it's so worth it.  They are thin, flat, and crispy.  Buon appetit!Perfect spot on the strip! We sat outdoors and had a great time people watching. The service was very good. But the food....oh yummm!!  Three of the four of us had the wonderful pancakes...We had lemon, cinnamon sugar and caramelized apple...comes with a side of fresh, incredible whipped cream. We all were certain we had ordered the best. We also had sides of their delicious bacon~ best I have ever had. Plus the bowl of cafe au lait and feeling like we were actually in Paris..all made for a wonderful experience. And I will seriously travel back to Las Vegas again, just to have those pancakes again!At conference in Vegas and had breakfast here..Absolutely delicious egg whites and the bread to die for! Telling all my friends about it.I have been to Mon Ami Gabi a total of 3 times including my last review. Two of the visits have been very good, one was not so amazing. The last time I went was last weekend and it was very good. A friend and I went for breakfast but once I got there I was really craving a burger...so I got a cheeseburger with brie and an over medium egg...that counts as breakfast, right? (Now I'm kind of kicking myself because reading my last review, they had the same special for benedict...ooooph). The coffee continues to be good, they use Intelligentsia, so it is consistent with other tasty coffee places. Let me say that the burger was super delicious and large (and i totally ate the whole thing....yum), BUT it was not cooked correctly...ordered medium, served well done. I didn't really mind, but to be technical, it was incorrect. The egg was cooked correctly. The whole thing was really very tasty. The frites that came with it were not so awesome... a little too thin, they were kind of the texture of pork rinds. Regardless, for 15$ I would certainly get it again.... I will be back.Ate dinner here last night with friends and it was incredible!! We sat on the patio with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.  I had a NY strip, my hubby had a flank steak, and our friends had filets.  My steak was cooked to perfection and so tender.  The frites were super good and we even had Mac and cheese that was delicious!! First visit and won't be the last!Soooo friggin' awesome! Mon Ami Gabi has a prime location on the Strip- right across from the Bellagio.. My hubby and I had brunch here last week and it was the perfect temperature to sit on the patio and people watch.  Our waitress was great- she let us take our sweet time and we didn't feel rushed at all... she explained the menu and specials and answered all of our crazy questions.... it was our last meal in Vegas before we headed to the airport, so of course we wanted to make sure it was a good one... and it was! I had the fried green tomatoes with fresh fruit, he ordered a sausage sandwich on one of their amazing fresh baguettes.  I also had a bloody mary which is easily  the best I had during our stay in Vegas... check it out, especially for breakfast or brunch.. you won't be disappointed!Ooh la la, wee wee I have a confession to make. I'm racist about my food. I'm prejudice against French food, it's because so many food snobs blindly love French restaurants and I rarely find one live up to its hype or price. However Mon Ami Gabi did both and my hardened heart melted at first taste of their pommes frites.


 Is it real french food? I dunno, it didn't resemble anything I've eaten in Paris. They did have escargot in the menu, however I didn't get it. I got the Lemon Chicken and my dining companion opted for their burger with egg.


 They had an amazing table laid out with olives, veggies, hot sauce and BACON! What's that? I asked the waiter. That's the Bloody Mary bar. he replied.
What's that? I can get all the complimentary olives, veggies and BACON for the price of a Bloody Mary? Set me up!


 The Bloody Mary bar was the best part of the meal! I started by adding 3 stuffed olives and some capers. Then I put in half a Slim Jim, some tabasco, rock salt and fresh black pepper.


 Much to the disgust of the waiter, I went back a second time and got a spear filled with asparagus, more olives and BACON! Yum!
Oh, the Bloody Mary was good too. LOL. You can't go wrong with Stoli vodka and Mr. T mix.


 I was disappointed with the Lemon chicken, it just didn't taste good, that's all I can say. It was cooked well but it wasn't delicious. However I did enjoy the Hamburger with egg, especially the potato fries that came with it. The fries are sliced thin (not shoestring, more like hash browns) and cooked well done, as fries should always be cooked. They were great fries.


 In conclusion, I'd bypass the more expensive entrees next time and get their burger with fries and take extra trips to the Bloody Mary Bar. Maybe next time I'll have enough money for dessert!If I were rating this spot on the food alone I'd give it 3-3.5 stars... All the food here is good and some of it (like the muscles) is great... That said, I can easily bump my rating up to 4 stars because of the location and atmosphere.  If you are into people watching, you can Enjoy a cool spring or fall evening dining outside on the strip and gawk to your hearts content.  If you are more into the food than being outside on the street, the Eiffel Tower restaurant just above Mon Ami serves a higher quality fare...This place was soooo good that we ate here twice during our 3-day stay in Vegas. The first time we went, I was feeling guilty the entire day being so glutinous in Vegas that I ordered the Ahi tuna salad. It was good, but I immediately regretted my decision after I tried my husband's steak and frites.  The next day, we came back and we both ordered the steak and frittes. The steak was tender and the caramelized onion sauce complimented it really well. I usually order my steak medium, but since the steak was really thin, I had to order it medium rare to prevent them from overcooking it. The frites were really good, too! It's even better after it's been soaked in the au jus. 

It's also reasonably priced for being on the strip! We were able to sit outside and do some people watching while eating our delicious food.  - I'm drooling just thinking about their steak and frites... YUM!My Las Vegas trip is not complete until I come here at least once. My favorites are escargot, baked goat cheese, Frangria, seafood crepe and much more. Service is always excellent but for the one time when Gabriel who seemed like he was more into himself than anything, "took care of us." Other than that their servers are pleasant, attentive and down to earth. If I had a place to go in San Francisco that was this classy, affordable, approachable and comfortable, I'd be there at least once a week! Love u Mon Ami Gabi!We had dinner there on June 21, 2013.  We were able to secure a last minute reservation via the Yelp app.  I had the steak and frites, which were good but not extraordinary.  Prices are mid-range by Vegas standards and portions are reasonably large.  I would have no problem recommending Mon Amis Gabi to a friend looking for a upscale casual dinner in Vegas.Excellent French spot right on the strip beside Paris. I did not sit on the outside patio since it was full but may be great for people watching on the strip. Very reasonable portion and price. Staff were very accommodating too.Fantastic breakfast spot. Gourmet food, intelligentsia coffee, patio seating, amazing hash browns.I recommend making a reservation, there is always a wait and you can even call the night before to make it. Mine was at 945, and although it's for inside dining only, it was nice to just go right in and get seated in less than a minute. Nice breakfast menu. Loved the 3 eggs, very Sharable portions and good coffee. I got special waffles with strawberries. The raspberry Jam was the best! Lovely vibe, very French, oh la la. I came with my mother, I will come with more friends and family!We came early to our reservation time and they sat us quickly.
Service was excellent
Food was even better.  The Onion soup was to die for.  The bread was great.  We had a goat cheese appetizer that I would highly recommend.  I had a chicken dinner that was very good.The steak I had was quite good - not the best but I'm satisfied. We received excellent service from our argentine server Carlos. However one thing, I'd enjoy more if there were cooling system outside. Eating steak with the 100 degree sunshine was just too much...My Friend Gabi certainly doesn't NEED another 5 star review, but she's gonna get one... NOW!
We ate here twice during our stay at the Paris and both times were fantastic! Once for dinner and once for brunch.
The roquefort steak and frites were amazing! The steak wasn't what I expected. It was really flat and about a foot long and 8 inches wide! But It was cooked and seasoned to perfection and I ate every last bite. I even ate every single meat-juice-soaked frite! Yah, I was stuffed to the point of being sick, but I ran 4 miles earlier in the day, so get off my case about it!!
The eggs benedict dish was out of this world. Super rich and creamy, with the perfect amount of tang. I poured the entirety of one of those little tiny Tabasco bottles over the meal and it became the world's perfect hangover cure!
The service was slow at times, but not enough to diminish our experience by even a half-star. Merci Beaucoups Gabi!!I try and come here at least once every visit.
They are consistantly good and prices are reasonable.
I almost always change something when ordering anything and they always get it right.
I love their patio...once it was raining and I ate under the covered patio and it was just so nice to hear the rain hit against the glass.

Their baguette is really really good... I think I eat 1 whole thing before starting my meal.
It comes nice and warm in a paper bag and their whipped butter is soOoOo hard to resist.
Everything is consistantly good here. SWs are ok.
Mussels are amazing! 
Seafood crepe is good, but too much peas. Cream sauce could use a little kick as well.
Coffee yum!

Last weekend I went, I had their dessert of the day, which was Peach Crepe with strawberry sauce and vanilla ice cream inside.
It was the best crepe I ever had!!! Wasn't too sweet and the peaches were fresh!

Cons:
Inside dinning is very dark and cold, but always available.
Patio needs to be larger.
Bathroom is outside in the casino.Delicious. The Filet and Sea bass were amazing. Shrimp cocktail was good. Overall experience was so good that we went back for brunch the next day. Great service!!!There is food to be gorged on, to eat quickly and get on with your day. Then there is the breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi, this is not food to inhale, but food to savor, enjoy every bite. We came in as a party of three, and despite the initial mix-up (they thought it was for two, not three), we were seated in a matter of minutes. 

I chose this place after simply looking at the reviews, 5800+ reviews and averaging over 4 stars? I was not disappointed in the results!

I ordered one of the two specials that day. A Lemon Pancake, topped with with freshly prepared papaya and with a side of *actual* whipped cream, not the cheap stuff that comes from a can. I'll be honest, though, it looked like a giant crepe to me, but I digress, it was absolutely worth every bite! They ensured it was just sweet enough to leave any sweet tooth satisfied and without the sugar overload. One of our party ordered the Chicken, Bree, and Apple Crepe, I tried a bite, sweet mother of Christ was it a bite. It was that one bite that made me wish I had ordered it instead! A blend of Savory and Sweet, with incredible Bree to bridge the two, you could not ask for a more satisfying dish! 

Whether or not you get the outside seating, the atmosphere is as grand as one would expect, and the inexpensive prices hide the immense quality you will get from these dishes. 

If you are ever in Vegas, walk down to Mon Ami Gabi, and savor every bite.I'm more of a fish person, and these steaks here were amazing!!!

I was starving so I immediately munched down a big part of the French bread they brought out! 

I ordered French Martini's all night (I must say I'm a huge fan of those), and they were delicious! It took a little bit of a wait to get a patio seat, but the ambiance was great! The food took a little bit longer to come out than anticipated, so after waiting for the patio seat AND my dinner, man I was starving!

I ordered my steak medium, it came out perfect. I asked for the bernaise sauce with it, and my oh my it was heavenly! Flavor was coming out everywhere! Definitely go back, even though it's a bit touristy! Ha.We really like Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Casino. They have a great breakfast with ridiculously good people watching from the outdoor patio. Saturday mornings are CLASSIC. Only in Vegas do you see what you will see. We have also had a delicious romantic dinner with excellent wine and Chateau Briand while overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. Always a good experience (put your name in early...I think it is the line to the left!)Instead of going off of the menu i just went with what the special of the day was. That day it was pork roast with potatoes. let me tell you, it was delicious, and although some have mentioned the portions are "smaller" than regular restaurants, it filled me up. If you want great job, get a reservation and enjoy hardly any wait. If you want the outside seating for the ambiance, expect at least an hour wait.Nice view of the Bellagio fountain.  Had the escargot appetizer which was ok.  The french onion soup is very good though.  I had the filet au povoire with frites for the main course which was tasty.  I'll say the filet was not amazing, but worth trying and the frites are unique.  Overall, the experience was positive and I would dine here again.My aunt regularly visits Las Vegas and Paris (France) so she knows plenty about French cuisine. Out of several places in LV to choose from, she decided to treat my family to Mon Ami Gabi.

We had the country pate, trout amandine, and 3 steak frites, with different sauces - Au Poivre, Classic, and Bordelaise. We also shared for dessert the creme brulee and chocolate mousse. Everything tasted great -- I would say the steak I had would rank among the top 10 I've ever had anywhere. The trout was flavorful and remained moist on the inside while crunchy on the outside. Pate was flavorful but not overly rich. The chocolate mousse was superb -- flavorful without being too sweet; my mother is not usually a fan of mousse but like theirs so much, she kept taking bites from the bowl!

If one opts to just go for the steak, this is a fairly affordable meal, at about $30-40/ plate. Food portions are great -- not too little but not too much.  Our tab ended up in the several hundred dollar range but this was largely due to the 3 bottles of wine we ordered. 

I made reservations so we were given a nice table near the patio with a wonderful view of the fountains.I only gave it 5 stars because I couldn't give it 6. Get the scallops. Seriously. The wine list for bottles is great. The frites are of course fabulous.Scallops are so delicious- amazing! Food is so good here. Everything is wonderful, atmosphere is on pointWanted to try this place because I liked the name. I'm glad I did. Steak frite = delicious! Our server was very attentive.This is a place that not only serves good food, but also offers one of the best places to watch Vegas. Although they do not take reservations for the patio, we were able to be seated immediately outside with our reservation, even though they were quoting a 60-90 minute wait. The food is always consistent and delicious. You will definitely want to try a variety of appetizers, the onion soup, and the filet.Best filet mignon I've ever had! And I live in LA where I've tried plenty of filet mignon dishes at numerous fancy restaurants. I went to Vegas twice in a two week period, and came back to Mon Ami Gabi on my second visit. I wondered if the filet I had on my first trip was a fluke, but I ordered it again and it lived up to its high expectations. I order the filet mignon with the roquefort butter - it's a must try!! They serve it with some sort of vegetable, or you can choose fries I believe. 

The service at Mon Ami is excellent. The servers are courteous and prompt, and if you stop to look around you can see everyone working really hard. I also tried Mon Ami for brunch. I tried the crepe with fruit, it wasn't as amazing as the dinner I had there but it was still good. For brunch we sat on the patio which I definitely recommend. It's great for people watching and to see the Bellagio fountain show of course! For dinner they will bring out a little baguette with butter before your meal. It's warm and delicious! 

The prices are as expected for a nice restaurant. It's not cheap. It's not ridiculous. The bottom line is that it's GREAT food on the Vegas strip, which is sometimes really hard to find. The only thing that can be tough about this place is the wait time. If you want to go there call and make a reservation! There are always people waiting no matter what time you go. I really love this restaurant, I wish they had one in LA. I'm still daydreaming about my filet mignon.Mon Ami gabi does a consistently good job serving bistro fare in a bistro atmosphere. 

This is Vegas Strip; how many 1000s of plates do they serve a day? I think it would be unfair to compare to your favorite petite Paris boite, no?

That said, we've always had great cocktails, sparkling wine and sandwiches. The creamless celery root soup is delicious. Also like the presentation of the fries. 

Atmopsphere in the inner patio is actually more pleasant than the outside patio, unless you want to gawk at tube tops and frozen drinks. However, I must say, this restaurant is the *only* reason to come to Paris -- the casino and hotel itself seems very downmarket and dowdy (and yes, I have been to Eiffel Tower restaurant).I have eaten here several times, and every time it has been amazing.  First off, the hostesses are usually pretty good about seating you quickly.  I hate when I have to wait around for a hostess, but that has never been the case here.  The servers are also fast and efficient.  We ordered our food and it was ready in under 10 minutes.  Scary fast.  The servers are usually from another city other than Vegas, and are friendly and willing to chit chat a bit if you are so inclined.  The buidling itself is great.  Clean, high ceilings in one part, dark wood and dimlyl lit in other parts, and they also have a huge patio with a view of the strip.  The food is just amazing.  Is it a bit pricey?  Sure, but much cheaper than the Eiffel Tower restaurant and well worth it in my opinion. The last time I went here it was my birthday and the cook even gave me a little scoop of ice cream with a candle in it!They have the best french toast with blueberries. The fruit bouquet is fresh, beautiful and huge. Delicious food, reasonable price and friendly staffs!! Five Stars!!I had a really great time with my family dining here. Everything was really delicious. 

 We had the best view of the Bellagio fountains from where we're seated (outside patio).  We had no reservations and the wait was only about 15-20 minutes!!

The server was very attentive and recommended the right portions of food. I would definitely go back the next time Im in vegas again!Yum, yum, yum. 

It was a gorgeous day last Monday when I was on the strip, so my friend and I decided to look for a place to have lunch outside. Mon Ami Gabi looked happening, so we popped into the Paris and added our name to the list. Our wait was supposed to be 35 minutes for a patio seat, but really it turned out to be more like 15. 

The hostess told me she didn't want to be at work as she was walking us to our table, which I thought was a little odd, but I couldn't blame her. It was a beautiful day. Our waiter was on-point. He was attentive but not over-bearing. 

The French bread came out hot and delicious. And the butter was room temperature - something that is key and that most places don't do. Split the loaf with my friend and had a happy start to the meal.

The menu had lots of delicious-sounding options, but I settled on the seafood crepe while my friend ordered the open-face shrimp salad sandwich with avocado. When our food came out, my friend and I switched. She hates celery and there was a lot of it in this shrimp salad. There was also a lot of shrimp and red pepper. Yum. And it wasn't too mayonnaise-y. I thought the bread under the salad was a little useless, since it got soggy, and the giant lettuce pieces were a little difficult to eat. I also didn't quite see how the avocado fit in, but I was happy to eat it. Overall, I found it yummy. The fries it came with were more like potato crisps (like the chips in the grocery store). So-so, but nothing I'd munch on regularly.

What was even yummier, though, was that seafood crepe. Holy moly. The scallops were perfect - buttery, charred on one side, and just yum. The shrimp were also grilled yumminess. There was a fair portion of seafood on the crepe. The sauce really made the dish, though. I can't even describe it other than yum, heaven, something I'd like to drink from a glass. It was thick-ish and buttery. And the peas were a perfect touch. The only complaint: The menu said the crepe came with a salad. It was more like 3 pieces of lettuce tucked on the side of the plate.

My friend is huge on dessert, so she ordered the profiterole trio. The caramel ice cream was delicious. The vanilla and chocolate were also good. The fudge sauce drizzled over the dish was heaven. And the profiteroles/pastries were airy, crisp and yummy.

I thought the lunch prices were really reasonable for Vegas. $12 for the shrimp salad and $15-17 for the crepe. 

The view of the Bellagio water show made this lunch even better.The best coffee I've ever had. We came here for breakfast and even though they stop at 11, they allowed us to order breakfast at 15 after. The food was excellent and the price was very reasonable for a strip location.My friend loves this spot & we come each time we visit Vegas. On our last trip we did lunch one day, which was amazing....best gluten free bread!
Breakfast the next morning wasn't super amazing, so I would say lunch or dinner is better.
Last evening we went for dinner about 6:30 with reservations and waited about 15 minutes to be seated, but upon seating promptly greeted and given water.
We got the salmon appetizer to start and a round of drinks. We then got the bourdelaise steak, French onion soup, asparagus, and two sides of the cauliflower purée as it was tasty, plus Caesar salad which we all shared (3 of us)Absolutely delicious!!!  We went for my birthday dinner while in Vegas and sat on the patio for a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. I had the 9 oz steak with the bernaise sauce and it was perfect. Also the freshly baked bread was amazing. Hot and fresh right out of the oven. I highly recommend it!So far this is my boyfriend & I's favorite dinner place in Las Vegas. We were given bread & spread as we were seated, with the spread being absolutely delicious. It was sweet & tart, which went perfect with the fresh bread. We also ordered seared ahi tuna salad & mac & cheese on the side; the tuna was perfectly seared and was seasoned to go with the salad dressing, but it was a bit pricey while the mac & cheese was just okay, nothing special. 

We both ordered the steak & fries. My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon merlot & I ordered the filet mignon au poivre. His was more sweet while mine had a peppercorn taste to it. They were both delicious, but I will admit the filet mignon merlot was better. 

Service is a big deal for me and this place had great service. Everyone was friendly. 

You should probably make reservations for dinner since it's usually busy. There's a great view of the Bellagio fountains out on the patio, but seats there are first come, first serve. We got lucky and got a seat inside right next to the window, which allowed us to be warm inside and still get a great view hehe :DExpensive but the food was good.  I'd like to come back for breakfast though.This is my FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas thus far!

Best seats would be indoors, but just right beside the outdoor seating where you get a window view of the strip.  The seating inside gets a little tight, but the food definitely compensates for it.

Reserve a table, or else you will be the one  watching others with reservations just strolling across you and sitting at the table that you've been waiting for. 

Where to begin with the delicious food...

Get the mussels! They are plump and fluffy, best that I've ever had.  However, I think they were better in the summer, as I have gone back during the winter and they have shrunk significantly in size.  Not the season?

Escargot... mmmmm.. garlicky, buttery goodness.

Seared scallops were also superb.  

We haven't tried any of the meat plates because my bf and I are so hung up on the seafood that we always just end up getting that.

Oh yeah, we did try the frisee and warm bacon salad.  How good can a salad get, really?  

It's GOOOOD. and very appetizing.The restaurant was fairly empty for a Tuesday night, which surprised me because I heard reservations were pretty much mandatory. I was planning on coming for breakfast but I couldn't squeeze it into my schedule, nor do I wake up that early after a hangover. I was actually scared there was going to be a crowd as we planned on watching a Cirque du Soleil show so I made reservations at 5, a little bit before dinner time. Nevertheless, I still suggest you make reservations because although this restaurant is very big, I can see why this is one of the more popular restaurants in Vegas. They have a bar too so you feel free to order a drink while you wait for your table. And at the front desk, make sure to ask to sit outside for fresh air and a good view of the fountains!

They gave us a complementary baguette in a bag to start and our appetizer came pretty quickly but entrees took around half an hour to come out. I was unsure if everyone if my party ate Escargot so I went with the safer choice, Housemade Country Pate, which was rich and flavorful. For my entrée I got their, Steak Frites Bordelaise, or caramelized onion with red wine sauce. The sauce was a little overpowering but the steak was extremely tender. Overall, their price wasn't that bad especially since they're on the strip and I was surprised they weren't charging more for their food, especially for the prime location. Service was on the slow side but our waiter was very nice and checked up on us multiple times over dinner. When we were done, people started to trickle in and it started to get a lot busier. I definitely can't wait to come back, especially for their breakfast menu!View can't be beat. Took the advice of someone on here and opted to dine in the atrium to get the feel of being outside minus the heat. Had the steak with Roquefort cheese and fries. Delicious, but for the price I think they should throw in a salad.As I sit here watching Andrew Zimmern eat snails in France, all I can think about is Mon Ami Gabi.

It has become a birthday tradition; every year, I go to Mon Ami Gabi.  Twice.  Once with my brother, who, if possible, is even more of a Foodie than I am.  Then one more time with whomever I am in Vegas with (ex-husband, friend, friends......random stranger I met at Peppermill). 

I've tried almost everything on their menu (including things that they don't have any more and need to bring back, like the arugula and goat cheese crepes), and it is all phenomenal.   In order of how much of a food-orgasm they give me:

1.) Escargot.  I've had a surprising amount of escargot in my life, and this is the ish.  Buttery, garlic-y, AMAZING texture; one order is often not enough.  Because my baby bro and I love them so much we sometimes get two orders.

2.) Crepes.  Ohhh...the crepes.  One birthday, I did the double trip twice in one day; brunch the first time, late dinner the second.  The best crepe of my life was here, the aforementioned arugula and goat cheese crepe.  I had never had arugula cooked before, and its peppery flavor was perfectly complimented by the very mild and creamy goat cheese.  I have never seen it on the menu again, and every time I go I ask for it and everyone claims to have never heard of it.

3.) French martini (vodka, chambord, pineapple, up).  No brainer.  They do it better than anyone.

4.) Frites.  Ohhhhhhhhh the frites.  Crispy.  In large quantity. 

Their steaks are great, try one at least once, and I recommend the Dijon or Bordelaise.  I'm not saying it is the best steak I've ever had (Morton's tied with a random place in Kansas get that award) but it is REALLY good, and their sauces are incredible. 

You can make reservations online which is very helpful for weekends and busy evenings.

Make sure you ask for a spot on the patio so you can have the perfect view of the Bellagio fountain. The covered part of the patio is well air conditioned during the summer and well heated in the winter.  The uncovered part has heat lamps in winter and is near nice little spray misters in summer (they don't spray on you, but somehow help keep the air cool near you).

The servers don't wear nametags....just numbers.  Why? "We at Mon Ami Gabi think the experience should totally be about you....our names don't matter".  I do find this a little silly, because, by drawing attention to the fact that you don't wear nametags by wearing numbertags, didn't you just make it about you?  But having a server tell me about the jokes they make in the kitchen for certain servers (#69 gets quite abused), I find it fun and hilarious. 

I wish they had ranch.  Dipping my frites in mayo is not appetizing.

If you haven't tried it yet, go.  And go hungry.  Ask for an extra baguette to take home with you.  Eat as much of those carrots that they serve with the bread (on good days) as you can.   Have a martini.  Pretend you're in Ocean's Eleven.   And eat some extra escargot for me.This restaurant is absolutely fantastic. The price is very reasonable for the exquisite
Food and the spectacular view of the strip at night. The three cheeses with tomato sauce appetizer is to die for! I also enjoyed their mussel appetizer very much!  Escargot was okay. So...so.... but the ambiance was spectucular.... right in front of the bellagio with the watershow... I would dine there againI really like this restaurant. Both my husband and I loved our meal. We got the mac and cheese - very greasy but delicious! He had a burger and I had the ham and cheese grilled sandwich. It sounds pretty plain but this place gives it their own twist. The "French fries" were more like crispy fried chips - very good! We ate inside since the wait for outside was long. This was a Saturday afternoon so that was understandable. Our waitress was very nice and the service was good. I would definitely go back here again next time we go to Vegas.This is the best place for breakfast in Vegas. Sit in a Parisian cafe and watch the crazy strip world walk by. Be ready to wait 39 nuns for a table but it's worth it. Food is plentiful and delish. Cheryl was our waitress, smiling, attentive, best service so far in Vegas!The French onion soup was to die for. The broth was rich tasting and had just the right amount of cheese. The baked goat with the garlic bread was superb. The table service was impeccable . Our water glass was constantly filled and our server very attentive and pleasant.Go here for a nice dinner that is expensive but not crazy expensive. A good steak will set you back about $40. But they have other non-steak options!

We decided to go there for a dinner on Saturday night. We made reservations around 7 which we probably didn't need but it filled up super quickly after! So either make reservations or get there early, before 7.

We didn't order any appetizers because every table get a complimentary baguette with with really good shredded carrot mix. That was all the 4 of us needed for an app!

The waitresses was friendly and took our orders promptly. The food also came out super quick but that was because we beat the dinner rush. 

The food was GREAT! I loved my salmon. It was about $25 which was not bad considering a nice restaurant on the strip! I tried the steaks and they were all very good. The Buffalo was more expensive but not by much and it tasted very good! I highly recommend.

We decided to splurge and go for dessert so the four of us shared the bread pudding and the salted caramel chocolate tarte. The tarte was amazing, go for that one! The bread pudding was good too and came with amazing vanilla bean ice cream! 2 was plenty for the 4 of us to share.

I'd come back here again!Everything here is perfect. Escargot is life.Excellent service.  I like our waitress she is a sweet lady.  Good food.  Convenient location.Do yourself a favor and plan ahead! 

Try to get outdoor seating if you can, it's worth the wait. 

Everything that we've tried is pretty tasty, well seasoned, generous portions, at good prices. 

Ny strip steak! Steak n frites!Pretty good for a hotel restaurant (Paris) with a few locations.  We had a fabulous meal for our family -- scallops, steak frites, seafood platter, wine, escargots.  Great bread with a carrot/ginger/honey spread.  Only drawback was our table right next to the very loud bar.Filet mignon was delectable. Wine list was impressive, and our wine choices were delicious. We loved Mon Ami Gabi!We really enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi.  I think the view of the Bellagio fountains was definitely worth sitting outside in the cool night air.  The warm baguettes they bring out with butter are awesome, the sangria is delicious, the fries were really outstanding and the steak even though we had to switch plates because one was ordered medium and the other medium well, the service was still great.  The pumpkin soup was yummy with the nuts on it and the steaks with béarnaise sauce and mushrooms was delicious.  Great location, good service and good food.  Will definitely come back on another visit.Excellent food and great service. We were seated inside promptly. If you want to sit outside, I recommend reservations.

We'll be back.I've been here twice and I love everything about this restaurant! I went with my fiancé and friends for New Year's Day and Labor Day Weekend. We were seated in 15 minutes and we sat at the patio section of the restaurant. The service at this place is excellent! They refill waters without asking and the waiters always check on us to make sure everything is okay. My favorite is the eggs benedict and the eggs are poached perfectly! We usually eat here for brunch because we like to sit outside and stare at the Bellagio hotel with the water show and I like to people watch too so that's a plus! 

Overall, I would go back here because the food, view and service are superb!My friends & I came to Vegas to reunite & celebrate our five years of friendship that began in France.  Well, what better place to celebrate than a French cafe.  We went for lunch and enjoyed our quiche lorraines, French bread, and waters.  The spinach on the side was to die for.  Service was great.  We were a bit dehydrated from our flights & going out the night before and were chugging the water.  Our waiter must have filled each of our glasses 5-6 times.loved this restaurant.   My friends are visiting me after few days we are doing the touristy route and we end up in Vegas.  Just don't expect such fasting booking when  you just walk in.  We waited 45 minutes to get in but was well worth it.  We wanted outside section and while waiting we walked around and played a bit.  The only thing was the closeness of the tables but I guess they are trying to squeeze as many as possible.  We tried their trout and hamburger steak and corfeit and deserts were also great.  Off course parking is great we always go on top; since paris is always packed and busy.   You are paying a bit high for the view you get with bellagio foutains and people walking by.Delicious ham and cheese omelette. I added the avocado relish, Which I recommend or the omelette would have been a bit plain. The relish is big chunks of avocado with sweet grape tomatoes halved. The bread and jam is delicious!! 

My husband got their 3 egg meal. Also prepared well. Yummy, thick strips of bacon were cooked perfectly! 

Loved the strawberry-white grape and mint juice as well. Service was good but a bit slow getting your food for brunch service.Well, with 1800+ reviews, I'm not sure if mine will make too much of an impact, but here goes! 

My 4-star rating is in regards to their lunch-- I've never dined here for dinner, but I have heard good things about that as well.

No matter the day, try to make reservations if at all possible, especially if you're planning on eating around 11:30-1:00. They have beautiful seating on the patio and in the "bubble" -- like an atrium, this area is covered by glass with great views of the strip. This is our favorite location to eat in the restaurant as I personally feel that service can suffer farther out on the patio.

Into the food:
Appetizers: 
Their Sea Scallops Gratinées is a completely flawless dish-- tender scallops served in a sort of seashell presentation, topped with a carmelized onion marmalade, mussel cream, and carmelized fennel(?). While this normally would not appeal to me in the slightest, this is probably the dish I look forward to most when coming to Mon Ami Gabi! These are downright delicious and should definitely not be passed up. I believe there are 3 in an order. 
French Onion Soup: My favorite of all time. Nowhere else have I dined at has surpassed MAG's french onion. I can't even describe it anymore without my mouth watering...a ton of sweet onions throughout is what I love most about this. I can't explain anymore without saying to just get this!!

Main dish:
Warm chicken & brie sandwich: This is quite the item. The chicken is pounded flat and is incredibly tender. The brie is smooth and is a great mix with the green apple slices (also thin) and the spread of carmelized onions (notice the trend with the onions...ha! I love them.) I forget the bread it is on, but it's extremely soft and a perfect match. However, I could pass on their fries. They're so thin, they become crunchy, almost like chips. But, to each their own!
I've had a few others, but this has been my favorite by far. 

Dessert: 
Warm Apple Tatin: Extremely French taste, presentation, etc...I was transported back to France just tasting this. It's difficult to explain this item, but it is a round crust (bottom and sides) and it has baked, carmelized apples in the middle. Served with amaaaaazing whipped cream. Worth every calorie!

Bottom line: One of the best places on the strip for lunch that is decently priced. Give it a shot-- I bet you'll love it!Outdoor seating during lunch. Enjoyed the Bellagio's water fountain show with music. Food was good. Frites was the best I've ever had.My husband and I were so glad that we picked Mon Ami Gabi in the many choices of Vegas restaurants. We both think that was one of the best dinner in Vegas so far for us. 

We made a reservation originally. But when we got there, there was no line for patio seating. Because I have read so much about the patio seating, we decided to sit on the patio. It was incredible. Although there were trees between Paris hotel and Bellagio, you can still see the water show pretty well. Every 15 mins, you can listen to the music and enjoy the show without standing. 

The best part was the food. The bread was great, and it tasted very good with the carrot topping. We had the FRENCH ONION SOUP first. Unlike other french onion soup, this broth was very light. There was so much cheese, and the cheese was good. 

For main course, I had SEARED SALMON. The salmon was perfectly cooked and moist. The lemon creme fraiche was excellent! There can't be a better match. I wish I know how to make this dish! 

My husband ordered FILET MIGNON WITH BLUE CHEESE SAUCE. He put those two things together. It wasn't on the menu. When I had the first bite of the beef, the strong favor of the blue cheese hit me right away. Then, I can taste the beef. The beef was so tender. It can almost melt in my mouth. The frites were delicious too. The more you eat them, the more you like them! 

We couldn't pass on the dessert. We had CREME BRULEE. That was the BEST creme brulee that I had in my life. Creamy and sweet! 

The meal was wonderful! The service was great! And, the view was amazing! The price wasn't too scary either. It was about $80 for the two of us. 

I know that I will be coming back to this restaurant, when I am back in Vegas next time.I've been eyeing this place for years since it's located right on the strip at the Paris hotel and I've always told myself I'll try this place out. Well fast forward 5+ years and on July 4th I finally found the time to eat here! Why did I wait this long? You always see a packed patio when walking/driving down. Entrance is located in the Paris Casino (not the main entrance) but off to the side. Arrived at lunch time with hubby and was greeted by friendly hostess who sat us inside the dining area. We had the lunch menu in hand so I decided to order the lobster roll. Hubby ordered the special that was off the menu. It was some type of sandwich with goat cheese. Both dishes were extremely yummy and I was surprised to see how much lobster they put in my sandwich. Service was great, our waters were refilled without having to say anything and our waiter was friendly and quick. 

My only issue was how close all the tables were. Hubby had to move from his seat right across from me because he kept getting bumped by people squeezing through. 

Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas. I will be back to try other items from the menu.12/26/16 Monday: Arrived at 8:10 a.m. and asked for an indoor location close to the windows so we can get a view of the Strip without being out in the cold. They graciously accommodated us and the view and lighting were so nice - talk about an invigorating breakfast! We ordered the $28.95 grilled prime steak & eggs platter (with 3 eggs your way, hash browns) and the $16.95 smoked salmon platter (with bagel). Both tasted well; no complaints here. The service was nice but I wished our waitress had explained some of the items on the side of our smoked salmon platter (which turned out to be chopped red onions, chopped yolk, capers, chopped egg whites), and the condiments that accompanied our steak dish (butter, strawberry/raspberry? jam, ketchup). This is my first time eating here and I read rave Yelp reviews about their service and I was only slightly disappointed that our waitress wasn't really around during the middle to end of the meal. Overall, pretty satisfied and will revisit in the future.This is always a go to spot for me when i go to Vegas.  The steak frites with filet and red wine sauce is one of my favorite steak dishes.  5 stars for this dish only.  Its also very affordable compared to other steak houses in Vegas.

I've been here for brunch and tried many other dinner dishes.  The other food is ok and nothing special.  You can try the other sauces but its nowhere as good.This was a wonderful treat.  I've been to France many times, and this place reminds me of that experience, but a whole lot closer.  The food was excellent and the waitress very knowledgeable about the food and its preparation.  I ordered the fish ($27) and my partner ordered the steak ($23).  They were prepared to perfection with each mouth watering bite.  I had some Pinot Noir with dinner.  After dinner we had the Frommage (cheese plate) with a baguette.  We followed that with espresso.  What a wonderful and relaxing meal.  We didn't feel rushed and we thought, for a little while, that we were back in France.  If I'd been in Vegas one more day, I'd been there again.What a little gem this restaurant is, located in Paris! This is always at the top of our list of places to eat whenever we go to Vegas.  If we don't stay at Paris, this is probably THE only reason we step foot into that hotel. Food is so wonderful, I usually get the Rib-Eye & it is always seasoned and cooked so perfectly!  Price is as good as it gets for the quality of food that you are getting.  Highly recommend this place for a nice and delicious steak dinner!By far my new FAVORITE restaraunt!!

Heard tons about it so finally my gf and I tried it about a month ago and we have been back 2 more times since then.  We get a bottle of champagne, 2 orders of the Steak Frites and 2 sides dishes (Macaroni and spinach) and for about $100 bucks.  Not bad at all for the quality of what you get!

HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!We dined here recently on the 16th, a Saturday night, and it was absolutely fantastic.  We didn't have reservations, and were told that an inside table was about a 30minute wait, versus 90minutes for outdoor seating.  We chose to dine indoors.  I know that everyone is raving about the balcony seating, but the inside dining room was well appointed and perfect for a cozy dinner.  The bottles of their wines-by-the-glass sat close by at a serving station, and the server was generous with offering a taste before ordering a full glass.  The baguette in the bag was delicious and came accompanied by both butter as well as a yummy carrot compote.  The caesar salad was simple yet quite delicious.  But their famous steak frites are simply to die for.  I had the steak bordelaise, which came smothered in sweet caramelized onions and a red wine reduction, together with a mountain of frites that looked like shredded homemade potato chips -- airy and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  It was simply too much food to finish so I couldn't try any of their desserts.  Next time! And oh boy, absolutely no question about it there WILL be a next time! Each time I'm in Vegas, baby!After attending a concert, I had stopped into Mon Ami Gabi for a late night dinner.  I was greeted by the hostess was was promptly seated right away.  I had the option to sit on the patio, however, I decided to sit indoors.  I was seated  at a smaller table next to the window so I was fine.

Roxanne, server, had greeted me within a few minutes.  Since I've been to Mon Ami Gabi in Chicago, I know the menu and what to expect.  Roxanne did go over the menu and the specials.  For starters, I had opted for the Caesar Salad and for the main entree, I had picked The Bearnaise.

The food runner had brought the salad which was very good.  I'm not a fan of the warmed croutons.  The salad was the right size for an appetizer. BTW, the French Bread is a great touch.  

Within 10 minutes after the busser had picked up my dirty salad plate.  It was great to have a little time to rest between courses.  The food runner, then, brought the steak and frites.  The sauce is on the side, which I liked,  The steak cooked perfectly.  The frites were seasoned just right.  Roxanne would check in periodically.

Unfortunately, I did not save room for a dessert.  If you are near the Eiffel Tower, I would highly recommend this restaurant.Got here about 8am on a Friday morning without reservations.  We had about a 10 minute wait and were then seated outside on the patio.  The busboy that we had was wonderful, the waiter, not so much.  She had a very nonchalant, I don't want to serve you attitude but after she overheard me saying that I was going to email the manager at a later date she started to brighten her attitude.  Anyway, on to the food.  I ordered the ham and cheese omelette with gruyere cheese I don't know why but I was expecting so much more but it was a disappointment.  I've had better omelettes at Denny's.  It was a little dried out and lacked flavor.  Me and my friends have a habit of everyone ordering something different and then tasting everything.  I'm thankful that we did because what they ordered definitely made up for what I had.  Friend number 1 ordered the chocolate hazelnut waffles with nutella and friend number 2 ordered the crepe with chocolate syrup which I believe was the special of the day.  Not really sure about that because the waiter wasn't really concerned with doing her shpill of what the special was.  Anyway, the both were divine.  The coffee was very weak and lukewarm for it to have been $4.  
Still giving them 4 stars because for some reason I'm confident that when I return to this place I'll have a better experience.  Not that this experience was bad but because of the location, price and decor I expected more.  I will say that I was more intrigued with the dinner menu and when I do return hopefully I'll be with my significant other (whoever he may be) sitting on the patio eating and watching the Bellagio fountains.  Hopefully New Years Eve right at the stroke of midnight when the fireworks are released lol.  Don't judge me, I'm a hopeless romantic:)Delicious food, excellent service, great value. Can't wait to come back to try more food!

My fav was their skirt steak n Frits, the reduced steak sauce was wooh lick my plate clean kinda sauce. my hubby got the other steak--I forgot which kind which was also good but we both love mine better.

Their escargo dish was delicious too. A little different from how i usually have it but I like this version too! Kept on dipping the bread to soak up more garlicky goodness.

Scallop dish was pretty decent too.

Me and hubby loved their St Germaine drink n finished the whole pitcher :)

Afterwards or prior to dinner it's nice to lounge n grab a cocktal in the restaurant upstairs as you get excellent view of BellagioVery popular restaurant, we had to wait about 1/2 hour to get seated for lunch. The most popular place to sit is outside on the patio, because you can watch the people walking by and feel like you're in a French cafe. I had the French Onion soup, my friends had the Lobster Roll sandwich and Chicken-brie sandwich. All were very good. The service was also good, we didn't have to wait very long for our drinks and food. Las Vegas has so many fantastic restaurants and I will definitely return to Mon Ami Gabi.Everything about this place is wonderful.  First day in Vegas we went here for lunch based on friends recommendation.  We sat outside and watched the Bellagio fountains.  The wine options are endless.  We are here for 5 days.  We are definitely going back.  Highly recommend the salmon salad with blueberries and walnuts.  Service was great!another great experience here... yummy bloody mary... good crusty bread and real butter... I had the salad with poached egg, bacon, and house vinaigrette... I just wish I had more bread to sop up that yolky, vinegary goodness at the end... pom frites excellent.. oh also had the crabcake, very good with a really good cole slaw... (vinaigrette instead of mayo)... the atmosphere is really nice too, classy but not stuffy... our waiter was ok but we had another waiter coming over and joking with us, etc, so it made up for it.Monday morning brunch was lovely here on the patio. The fountains across the street weren't running, but we enjoyed the people watching. Service was very good. Food was good, but I appreciated that they allowed half orders at half the price. I wanted to try a few different things, and this feature helped! Bloody Mary was good and extra spicy! I would go here again.We had the escargot, peppercorn steak and salmon. For dessert we had the classic profiteroles. The service was a little on the slower side, but acceptable. The food was superb though.The location inside the Paris restaurant is a great Strip location.  The patio is where to be.  You can see a great view of the Bellagio fountains, however some of the trees across Las Vegas Blvd. hinder the the view of the water show.  It's a great place to dine to people watch or to just get down on the food.  I ordered a fish dish the sole (off the valentines day menu), and my friend ordered the signature filet w/merlot butter sauce which came with frites (more like soft potato-ish chips).  The steak was amazing.  very juicy and tender and the sauce was to die for.  For an appetizer we had the scallops which were my favorite and also had the jumpo shrimp which was so-so.  Wines were good and service was great!  I would def go back and dine there again.  The prices aren't too bad, dinner entrees from $17-31.The food is amazing, service is always great and the views are spectacular. I prefer to go at the later times (around an hour before closing) because it does feel crowded at times. But, overall this is a great restaurant. One of my favorites.Very nice location and ambiance on the patio.  Even though it was cold, the heaters keep you toasty warm!  Great views of Bellagio Fountains in the evening and good people watching!  

Food was very good, not the best but certainly good.  Two entrees and 2 glasses of bubbly and our bill was only $70.  Good, attentive service and food recommendations.  Can't beat the value!!The food was average, but the service was the most attentive I received in Las Vegas. For the service, price, and the view of the Bellagio fountains, it was worth making this a lunch stop.Extrem leckeres Essen hier. Hatten als Vorspeise den Ziegenfrischkäse in Tomatensauce und Knoblauchbaguette. Als Hauptgang dann den Tuna-Burger. Alles sehr gut!!Very pleasantly surprised by this place! Burnt out on buffets, we stopped here for breakfast before catching our flight home from Vegas. I found the menu to be extensive and unique, and also very reasonably priced. Our food was very delicious, the ambiance was great, the location in the Strip can't be beat, and the service was excellent. I look forward to coming back to this restaurant next time I'm in Vegas!Have I mentioned that I love this place? 

I've only been here for breakfast, so I can't speak for the dinner menu, but everything on the breakfast menu is absolutely delicious. I LOVE the chicken, brie, & apple crepe and end up ordering it every time. But based on the commentary from my dining partners, you seriously can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Even the basic fruit salad is substantial and impressive. 

When weather permits, I highly recommend sitting on the patio to enjoy the excellent view of the Las Vegas strip. 

It's also worth mentioning that everyone who works there is exceptionally nice.What a treasure to find in the heart of Vegas.  Excellent food, service and reasonable prices.

Try the blueberry French toast.  Absolutely amazing.  Everyone in the party loved them.  And corned beef and hash with poached eggs?  Doesn't sound like much but ironically it was the best corned beef I've ever had.  The crepes that my friends had were good - they rated them from good to excellent.  They have an awesome bloody mary bar for brunch as well so don't miss out on that even if you like your mary's virgin.

After being robbed in a breakfast cafe at the MGM Grand the previous day we were surprised that a place that had such wonderful service for breakfast didn't charge more.  Although pricey compared to not being in Vegas our party was very happy with the pricing considering our location (right on the strip watching the Bellagio fountains) and the service (the best waiter we could have ever asked for).  It was the perfect Sunday morning brunch to end a long weekend.  Although we ate at some very pricey restaurants the service here was the best service I have had in a long time.  The whole party was so impressed we left our waiter a 30% tip - he absolutely deserved it.  I wish I remembered his name.

Excellent service, excellent food and an excellent atmosphere deserve a full 5 stars.  Try it for breakfast, I don't see how you could go wrong.For dinner, we dined on the patio under some shade and enjoyed the Bellagio casino water show. We got the escargo for appetizer, will pass on this next time.  First time the wife and I tried Steak Frittes and we enjoyed it. Overall, a good dining experience in Vegas.Delightful food, interesting choices, attentive and professional service. We had breakfast, with delicious eggs benedict with a ratatouille, and a savory chicken, brie and apple crepe. Coffee was quite good as well.Always solid service.  Recommend reservations.  Only includes inside though. Outside patio you have to add on when you arrive.  Baguette for table amazing. Anything with bread delicious.  Great people watching.Must visit if you are in Vegas. Dinner wait time can be 2 hours. Come here at 10 or 11pm when it's not busy and sit outside in the patio enjoy Bellagio fountains and the flow of people. Food is also delicious. Free bread.Try the frangia. I saw a review that it was weak but I ordered it anyways and it was far from it! Good deal on the strip. Good place to people watch if you sit outside. Food is good too but the frangia was the best. =)This was a spur of the moment decision restaurant on a Saturday morning and I am so glad that we came!

The atmosphere of the whole place was fantastic, I loved sitting in the windowed patio because we got to see the street but still be in AC, which is very key in September in Vegas.

The food was to die for, everything was out of this world. I got the apple waffles and did not regret it! They were perfect and even better than I had imagined! The homemade whipped cream is some of the best I had ever had in my whole life, and I am a whipped cream expert!

The service was great, our waitress was super kind and informative, our drinks never went unfilled!

The reason I am taking a star off is because of their seating policy.
We didn't make a reservation and when we came up they said they had seating for us but wouldn't sit us until the entire party was present. Which makes sense, but my 80 year old grandmother was with us and she has some severe walking issues and therefore was quite slow and a bit behind the front of the group. It was just frustrating to have been made to feel we had to either rush our grandmother or risk not getting a seat. Perhaps they should consider reviewing that policy when it comes to special circumstances.Went here for Brunch yesterday with the family and had a really good time. Good food and inexpensive for a restaurant facing the strip, was a plus! We got to sit on the patio, looking out towards the strip and the Belagio water show. We came around 11:30 AM and were seated in less than 15 mins. Which was nice.  It was busy but definitely to be expected. They had a full bar that faces the strip, definitely will come back for Happy Hour one day.

Our server was great, but our bus person was just ok... He seemed pre occupied and when he put down our waters, he put them at one end leaving us to distribute them. We though that weird cause there were only 3 of us. He couldn't just distribute them to us individually...? - Trust me this was the only knock with the service. From the hostesses to our wonderful server, Emily N., they were awesome!

Both the wife and I had drinks. I had a Kentucky Mule and she had their special Cosmo, Both were delicious. 

The baguette that they gave to us was warm and very good. We started off with Escargot and that coupled with the bread were amazing.  Our son had the Mac and Cheese from the kids menu and loved it! I had the Cubano and my wife had Eggs Benedict. My Cubano was a lot better than I expected and had absolutely had no comments to have them tinker with it to make the sandwich any better. I enjoyed it very much. The Eggs benedict was just ok. Why it was just okay was that the sauce was nothing spectacular. It was pretty bland. Maybe after having something as flavorful as the Escargot numbed the taste buds, I don't know but we thought it could've been better. The pouched eggs were cooked perfectly though.

We do look forward in coming back for Happy Hour and Brunch again. I have to try the steak and frits. It is one of their most popular dishes and looked pretty amazing.Mon Ami Gabi was good, but not amazing. I went for dinner w/ my parents & and aunt and uncle. My aunt has Celiac, so she is on a gluten-free diet. They do provide a gluten free menu, and do a good job preventing cross-contamination, as she didn't get sick afterwards.

The meal was nice. I had a steak roquefort and it was quite delicious. I'm not necessarily a big steak eater but here they pound them thin before adding a sauce. My dad had the poivre which he enjoyed and my mom had the sea scallops which she loved. My uncle enjoyed the rib eye, and my aunt had filet mignon. Between us, we drank 3 bottles of wine. They have a fairly large selection, but it isn't very imaginative. Not many that were unheard of.

The dinner was for both my dad and aunt's birthdays. They brought out small cakes (gluten-free for my aunt)  for each of them. It was good, nothing special, but the thought was quite nice. I had the banana fosters crepes, which were amazing. The table also enjoyed creme brulee, chocolate pudding cake, and the chocolate mousse.

The downside for me was the ambiance. For the money you are paying for dinner, sitting inside was a bit loud. We were seated next to a register, and the wait staff wasn't too shy about talking near us. If you can, get a seat outside on the patio. They keep it well heated in the winter, and you have an amazing view of the fountains at the Bellagio.We were hungry and went there because it was the closest one by our hotel. This was our first experience of Las Vegas and we were very impressed. The food. The look. The service. All deserve five stars.I have been here a couple times and it never disappoints! 
I came here with a group of 7 girls this past Saturday for brunch. 
Since I was one of the only girls who's been there before, I recommended them try the escargot, of course, they loved it! It came with 6 pieces of escargots and we used the bread to dip with the remaining of the sauce, delicious! We went through 4 bags of bread haha.
I shared my prime rib sandwich, and that was a good size. Even sharing it, i still couldn't finish my half, so I pulled out the meat and ate that instead of all the bread. 
The steak frites that came with it was my fave part of this dish. The most intriguing part was that it was like a cross between a fry and a potatoe chip. 
The rest of the girls got their own individual plates, and said that was too much food for one person, so I might recommend sharing a plate. 
We sat outside in the patio and there was a wonderful breeze, fun for people watching and you get a great view of the Bellagio water fountains from across the street. I definitely would come again and would recommend this place to anyone. 
Dinner would be best time to try this place, and make sure to sit outside.What an extraordinary experience, right on the strip and and incredible attention. We started with the bread freshly baked, which was amazing. The burrata cheese with olives was delicious and moved on to try for the first time beef Wellington. The meat was so tender and flavorful in a merlot sauce, truly a great dish. U must visit this place if u like meat and are in VegasI've only visited Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast so far, but I enjoyed having breakfast here. They have a large amount of both indoor and outdoor seating, and the servers are very attentive. They seem to work well together as a team (enough that I actually took notice) and I really never felt like I was waiting for anything. 

The breakfast menu offers a great selection, ranging from cereal and fruit to pancakes and waffles, egg dishes, and crepes. I tried the blueberry french toast, which comes with a home-made blueberry syrup and uses home-made brioche as the bread. It ended up a little too sweet for my taste, but the dish was prepared beautifully and came out very quickly. I also ordered a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice because I felt a little under the weather, but found it a little disappointing. You get a small wine glass of juice for about $4, and it really looked and tasted more like tropicana with extra pulp than real fresh squeezed orange juice. I wouldn't order the juice again, but I could definitely see coming back here again anyway.Love!!!! Best breakfast. Had their corned beef hash. Real corned beef. Also had the nummy bananas foster waffles. Holy goodness!!The muscles were out of this world along the best seats in the house - across from the fountains, refreshing coolness in the shade, and spicy bloody marys.Dinner was nice! The waitress did everything she could to make us feel comfortable. Food was great! Athmosphere is vibrant and the interior of the restaurant cosy. 
Only downside was the cold air coming from the air condition which was way too chilly.I came back again for brunch and this time was smart enough to order the quiche right off.  It was just as heavenly as I remembered--- even more so, because I had tried to make it at home according to the recipe the chef emailed me (see last review), and I now knew that it was pretty tricky to get exactly right.

The boyfriend ordered the corned beef hash, upon recommendation from the waiter and he was beyond impressed.  Who'd've thunk that simple old corned beef with an egg on top would be so satisfyingly delicious?

The waitstaff was a little irked that we asked to move to a table with more sunlight, and I don't blame them, as we were in the middle of brunch rush, messing up their seating arrangement, but they were nice enough to still accommodate our request (it was a bit chilly that morning).

My most important tip for you:  if you so choose to order a latte (they can make it vanilla), go ahead and order the "bowl" for an extra few dollars.  A $6 latte comes in a cup not much bigger than an espresso cup, much to my dismay.  It wasn't the price so much as it was that I just wanted more coffee than that.  It was delicious, regardless.

As always, the atmosphere was charming, and the Bellagio fountains were playing at full force for us.

Remains my favorite spot on the strip to eat!Excellent food in a great setting. We came here for brunch and really enjoyed our experience. If possible sit on the patio- there is a great view of the Bellagio fountains.We had a wonderful dinner there last night ! My husband's bone in rib-eye was superb! And my blackened cod melted in your mouth. This is one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas!I came here for brunch with a friend from out of town, and we were happy to get a table on the patio (the only way to go - sit inside and you could be in any generic nice restaurant - you're paying for their location anyway, might as well enjoy it!).

I found my food to be incredibly greasy, but perhaps that's just the French way. It's was tasty, but swimming. Loved the bloody mary bar, but found the glass they gave me too small and narrow :) I had filled it with goodies and hardly had room to top off with juice! Plus I thought the shot of vodka looked a little chincy in the glass, but perhaps I'm just used to making my own at home. 

Point is, you're going for atmosphere as much as anything, and their patio is lovely. Elevated, but right in the middle of everything. I'd go back to take someone from out of town in a heartbeat.Been here many times and have never been disappointed.  Food is wonderful, would highly recommend the hanger steak or the chicken, both good.  Their bread is excellent and the wine is very good.  The atmosphere is great, if you can sit out on the patio then you can watch the fountains over at the Belagio, very nice.  Would highly recommend going here, especially for a date night.I was staying at the Paris and I would always see people doing the al fresco dining when I'd walk pass, so I thought I'd stop in and try to grab a quick meal before flying out that afternoon.

Actually because of that flight, the waiter said he'd talk to the kitchen to expedite my meal.  My seat wasn't outside, but I had a nice sunny window seat.    

I ordered the full order of mussels which came with frites.  Moules et frites are my favorite!!  What I really liked though is they dropped off a fresh warm baguette in a bag at every table.  There's nothing I like more than being able to dip bread into the stockpot of mussels.  Well the meal came out after about 15 minutes...either it wasn't expedited or I'm scared to see how long it'd take normally.  

The mussels were really good in a nice stock that wasn't too rich.  The "handmade" frites came in a paper cone on a stand and had a nice thin and flat shape, but I thought they tasted a bit stale.  I wonder if I just had a bad batch.  I'd definitely come back for the mussels.      

In the end, I jogged out of the restaurant and left the strip an hour before my flight was to depart; barely making my flight.Ordered the daily special and steak Classique. Enjoyed our food, good service and the fresh hot bread is a fantastic starter.On our last night in Vegas, on our 13-year-overdue honeymoon, my wife and I were taking one last stroll down the strip. We wandered into Paris Casino, feeling hungry and just looking for something different, so we tried this place. It was a very enjoyable experience. We ordered the cold seafood platter for two- lobster tails, oysters, shrimp and salmon, along with a glass of wine for each of us. The staff were very friendly despite our being obvious tourists, our server went on at length about the wine and she made sure we got just the right wine to go with our meal- she really knew her stuff! Service was very fast despite the place being packed, and the food was wonderful. The server was right on target with her wine suggestions, they were perfect with our seafood. The fresh bread and butter with the meal were a nice treat as well. They also found the perfect romantic spot for us to sit- a candle lit table for two indoors (it was rather chilly outside) with a clear view of the fountains of Bellagio across the street. Our quick stop to eat turned into a romantic candle-lit dinner, what a nice way to end our vacation. The only reason I gave this place 4 stars and not 5 was because it was rather pricey- our food, one glass of wine each and the tip came to $90. But  funny enough, I had just won $90 playing blackjack in the Mirage so I guess it was meant to be!Looks upscale. We went for lunch. Short menu, but I will confirm that the reviews concerning the steak were accurate. I had the steak sandwich and it was great! The steak was done medium well and it was tender. We were seated inside but in the back where there were windows so it was not dark. In fact our area was not only completely lit it looked fantastic. The waiters were also quite polite.I'm not drinking the kool-aid on this place just yet.  It was easy to get a reservation on a Sunday. The prices are reasonable.  The service was good.  Attentive servers.  I had the steak bernaise.  I never hand a bernaise sauce, so the lemony buttery flavor really surprised me and I enjoyed it.  The sirloin meat was a bit chewy, but it's thin and if you cut small pieces, you don't need to work it too hard.  They serve a boat load of fries.  I guess for the price, we got a good meal.  I'm just not sold that it's a 4 star times 2000 yelpers.  Dessert was meh.  The apple tartin was nothing we expected.  We've seen many that have the apple slices fanned out making a lot of texture. This one was just one big slice of apple baked with the puff pastry on top.  I will say the food was 3 stars and the good service gives it another star.GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Good Grief!  The ABSOLUTE BEST FILET I've ever had (butter & wine reduction).  Scallops were dreamy (the sauce was ridiculously good).  House Pinot Noir: delicious.  Flourless chocolate cake: divine.  

The bread was okay, but who cares?  The ABSOLUTE BEST FILET I've ever had.

Next time (Oh yes, there will be a next time.) I do want to sit on the patio.  I could see the Bellagio fountain from the table inside, but not well.  It was still pretty.I have been here 2 times thus far. I really enjoyed the food quality and selection, the lively atmosphere and the service. The view of The Strip is also delightful. I recommend you try it for yourself. You'll probably keep coming back as I have.Wife and I arrived about 30 minutes prior to our 10:00 am Saturday reservation and asked for patio seating.  Wait was 10 minutes and we were seated outside on a bright, cool October morning.  Tables there are very close together, so be prepared to overhear conversations on each side.

Our food was delicious, well-prepared, and service was excellent.  Started off with the fruit bouquet served in an artfully crafted standing cantaloupe with sides of mint and cream.  Wife had a good sized mushroom omelet and juice which she says was one of the best she has had.  I had a light, fluffy waffle with blueberry compote and whipped cream on the side.  Quality was outstanding, as was the service from our personable waitperson.   Coffee refills come without prompting.

It was a nice experience and we'll definitely be going back on our next trip, although we will most likely ask for inside terrace seating to avoid the close quarters on the patio.Whatever you do - make sure you order the Baked Cheese appetizer! After our first visit here a few years ago, I obsess about this appetizer until the next time I visit. They also have a wonderful patio that directly faces the Bellagio fountains - great in the afternoon or evening - and is a perfect place to have a glass of wine, a steak, and people watch.  Excellent wine selection and probably the best steaks we have EVER had. We ran into two groups of locals while we were waiting to be seated that visited Mon Ami Gabi often (and locals don't typically like to visit the Strip!). Our waiter, Martin, was extremely friendly and classy gentleman that made it such a great experience. Plan your visit accordingly though - expect a wait time of an hour or more if your visiting on a weekend evening - no reservations -  first come first serve basis. TOTALLY worth it, though!!Great food and excellent service! My brother in kaw and i got a steak each (cant remeber their names) and my wife got the half order mussels. All of them were amazing and again with excellent service.I was not really sure where I wanted to go for dinner, walking along the Las Vegas Strip, one was spoiled for choices.  After watching the fountain's display in front of the Bellagio, we stumble on Mon Ami Gabi, it was a rather warm night, but it still has the heater outside.  As it  gets chilly really fast I decided to enjoy the last bit of the fresh air and use the heater if I needed to.  Plus the menu looks appetizing.  I ordered a Grilled Salmon with Spinach Salad, it was delightfully light, with walnut, grapefruit and a lovely light vinegar dressing.  My other half ordered a Steak Classique, it was done really well, a real medium rare.  The dessert of chocolate mousse and Creme Brulee was also great.  The wine is not cheap, but sitting in the balcony you can watch the Belligio's fountain display. What else do one want?Had a great dinner here.  Started with the Potato Leek soup which was great, and then had a steak with garlic spinach.  Great food, great service, and a decent bar, though the liquor selection was limited.Great French restaurant at Paris. Excellent food and service. Make a reservation as the wait was 45-60 mins when we arrived, thankfully we had reserved on Open Table and walked right in. Ordered the peppercorn steak, it was good. My girlfriend had the roasted chicken, that was also good. It's not  THE BEST French food but the price is great. We had a shrimp cocktail appetizer, two entres, all for under $70, that's a decent deal..Lunch visit with 6 girls :) 
Walked in for weekday lunch and they were able to seat us outside on the patio. Great place to people watch and enjoy the weather. Waiter was very attentive and nice. I had the steak and fries (very crispy). Not the greatest food but good value for the strip and nice ambience.I cant begin to explain how much I love love love this place. Before you read this review lets engrain the fact that this place is the definition of AWESOME. I cant say that for many restaurants on the Strip in Vegas!

Where to begin this review is that Mon Ami Gabi is perfect for breakfast, brunch or dinner. You can not go wrong. It is located right across the street from the bellagio fountains. There is indoor and outdoor seating and also inside overlooking outside semi-solarium seating. Every time I am in vegas I stop here!

THIS PLACE GETS PACKED!!! MAKE RESERVATIONS!! On the weekend even during off season wait can get up to one hour long and if your hungry its painful! 
The outside seating is really amazing because you can watch the fountain show. During the summer they have the misters on and during the winter they have heaters so its still an option. If you want more of just being able to gaze out the window without the worry of weather sit in the solarium area. Service is extremely efficent and no matter where you sit the food is great.

THE EGGS BENEDICT IS OUTSTANDING!! Really really good!!! I love eggs benedict and its my standard brunch choice, this place delivers!! There is a jam that they bring with the eggs bendict that you are goign to try and put it in your purse inside of a ziploc bag good!!!
At first i wasnt sure where this jam should be placed but it really pays to put it on that english muffin and watch your taste buds go wild!

If your a fan of waffles there blueberry waffles are jusy so so good! Crispy outside fluffy inside just perfect. If you are going for dinner the filet mignon is a must the butter and red wine reduction is just so great! Its so soft and buttery it melts in your mouth. I ordered my filet medium it came out a beautiful perfectly cooked medium. Not to mention there filet stands up to a lot of the steakhouses in Vegas.

No matter when you go, they deliver this french long bread to the table which I think I can eat ten of them. They are baked fresh in the morning and you can tell. They come out warm and you can order them with nutella does it get better than that.

If your there, and its busy be patient waiting for food can get long when there crowded but the wait is worth it and the wasiteress appologized for the wait. Can you blame them? NO THEY ARE ALMOST ALWAYS PACKED!

This is just the perfect place in Las Vegas!! Its also so reasonabbly priced to be on the strip with such high quality food its just amazing!The best place but don't want everyone to know or else there'd be long waits!!  Steak frites was great and so was salmon. Our waiter, Billy, was the best and funny and helpful. I've stayed at the Paris hotel so many times and never got to eat at MonAmi.  So glad we did. The warm crispy bread is so comforting after a long day of sightseeing and trying to win at the slots!!  Will surely go back for breakfast lunch and dinner.Mon Ami Gabi is the Strip's best value and best outdoor seat.  Thats why they're packed 7 days per week.  Order the Goat Cheese appetizer, French Onion soup, some wine, and a steak with those amazing pommes frittes and you will be happy.  We order 2 absolute tonics.  2 salads.  2 steaks with pommes frittes.  one asaragus side.  Tax=$100.  On the strip, thats a stealWonderful breakfast - don't miss the lemon skinny pancakes.  Eating on the patio was a plus.  Service was excellent.The day core is beautiful and the service is wonderful. Not to mention the food is the best I had in a long time. Plus the view here is a great. Over all this restaurant is a great place to dine. 13 out of 10.I would ABSOLUTELY eat here again. 

FOOD - 4.5 Stars
Went with a group and had...
Ham & Cheese Crepe
Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich
Prime Steak Sandwich - Don't expect too much steak. It's a nearly 4:1 bread: filling ratio. But the flavor and tenderness of the steak  were excellent. 
2 Cheeseburgers (one with Blue cheese) - Both cooked with premium beef and cooked as requested. 

Everything was excellent. All sandwiches came with the hand-cut frites. (Though I prefer regular fries, these were tasty for what they were)

SERVICE - 4 Stars
Our server was very friendly and did his job of pushing some new vodka they were carrying on us. (Having worked in the food industry, I understand that they have to do this. But no one really likes it.) But he forgot to bring out first course salad we requested. They resolved the issue beautifully - apologized and comped it. (Good service is about doing right by your customers) 

SCENERY - 5 Stars
One of the best spots to eat outside in Vegas. Outdoors patio is cooled with a refreshing water mist. It's located right across from the Bellagio fountains and right in the heart of the strip. So plenty to see and discuss in a cool (in temperature) atmosphere.Fantastic food, service and view!  The food is amazing, and the service is exceptional!  Will go here every time I return to Vegas!This place is excellent - I ordered the chicken grandmere (a roasted chicken) and I never thought I could like a piece of chicken that wasn't deep fried so much.  It was juicy and flavorful and came with a side pr sauteed mushrooms and potatoes.   

My girlfriend ordered the salmon salad.  I hate fish, but actually considered ordering some more salmon after I ate hers.  

The best part of the meal had to be the Sangria (called Frangria there, probably becuase its a French restaurant or something).  The best part about it was that it was in a glass separate from the ice to prevent dilution, which is vital with sangria.  For $8 it was the equivalent of 2 glasses at most other places and was one of the best I've ever had.

This is a restaurant that everyone should check out while in Vegas.  It is located right across from the Bellagio fountains at the Paris Hotel so you can get a view of the water show as you eat.I have been here several times and we love it!   Great food - Awesome Service and if you can get a spot on the patio on a cool evening to see the fountains at Bellagio across the street you should love it.   Feel like I left Vegas for a while!Yum Yum Yum! This place is almost the only reason I spend 4 hours behind the wheel driving to Vegas. I've eaten here for lunch and dinner on many occasions for several years now. I've never had a bad meal here. Except the time we were seated right under the vent, which was very nippy.  Every time I go to Vegas, I have to eat at Mon Ami Gabi at least twice during my stay. LOVE THIS PLACE!We had pate followed by a hangar steak and merlot filet mignon.  
Service was excellent and.friendly. 
Great view of the Bellagio fountain and the strip.Probably the best place on the strip to get breakfast/brunch. They do take reservations and they do have an amazing patio. 

I suggest the escargot, the steak sandwich, or the croque monsieur.Cute and cozy restaurant located across the Bellagio.  If you can sit outside, you can watch the fountains while eating!

Free delicious bread! yay carbs!
First time trying escargo (appetizer.  approx $10) and lobster (came in the seafood platter for approx $50 which feeds two: two lobster, four jumbo shrimps, four oysters, seaweed salad, and two cracker baguettes with avocado, salmon sashimi, and tomatoes dip).  

Try to get reservations.  This place gets packed and I could definitely see why.Delicious, great service, fine dining experience ... for a lot less than most vegas restaurants. LOved itIf you are expecting small portion sizes like most French restaurants Mon Ami Gabi has excellent portion sizes. The service was above average for a Las Vegas strip property. The only downfall with this restaurant is that the seating is very over crowded. You are seated one on top of the other. We dined on a Saturday night and it was very busy, which is to be expected for a restaurant perched on Las Vegas boulevard. It seem as though the restaurant was focused on "turning and burning" tables. Average dinning time for other French bistros is a lot longer. We had a party of 4 and with appetizers and dinner we were out in less then an hour. Good if you want to get in a meal before a show. 
The service was outstanding. Although the restaurant in my opinion was focussed on room turnover our waiter still took the time to help walk is through the menu. Overall good experience just really busy and very noisy.Excellent service, extensive selection of wines by the glass, good food (especially the sides) and if you're sitting by the window or outside you'll catch a great view of Bellagio's water show.Came here on Sunday October 26 around 12:30pm for brunch and as a Las Vegas local I was actually impressed!

Great table service.  Tasty Food.  Great atmosphere.  Great views (from the patio).

The hostess had an attitude (if I was a manager and saw this I'd fire her) we were told the wait for outdoor patio seating was about 30-45 minutes and that we could not take the buzzer very far.  We ended up waiting about 15 minutes and played some of the machines, why they don't have more seating for guests to wait is beyond me.

We were seated one row back from the edge of where the patio meets the strip, I asked if  we could sit at a table that was clearly open along the railing and the hostess moved us over there right away.

Our sever, Emily, was PHENOMENAL.  One of the best servers I've encountered in Vegas.  She recommended a great seafood appetizer (mussels), a tasty brunch item (corned beef hash) and delicious mimosas.  All of the food was tasty!  My only con is that it did seem to take a bit longer than normal to finally receive out entrees, but the flavor made up for it!

The entire time we had a front row view to the Bellagio water fountain show just across the strip.  It was also a prime spot to people watch, which in Vegas it gets VERY interesting.  BE WARNED that on the patio it does get a bit warm sitting in the sun, even in October.  They do have umbrellas to provide shade, but as the sun moves you begin to have no control over the shade as there is really no room to move the umbrellas.

All in all my girlfriend and I had a great experience and we will be going back again in the future!I can't believe that I have never been here before. The ambience is beautiful. We sat outside and watched the sunset and the fountain show at the Bellagio at the same time. Food was amazing and service as well!What a fantastic restaurant!!! I recently stayed at the Paris Hotel and was delighted to learn they have Gluten Fee options within the hotel. I ate breakfast at this restaurant and I was blown away! I sat inside and it had a nice, classy feel. The waiter was very nice and friendly. I ordered the Gluten Free Eggs Benedict and was pleasantly surprised! The waiter recommended the heirloom tomatoes also and they were fantastic! The GF bread was AMAZING. Best GF bread I have ever tasted. I usually do not like GF bread so this was a delight. The coffee was great too. Mon Ami Gabi also has a wonderful outside patio right on the strip so you can people-watch if you like.Was real good. NiceAtmosphere, plenty of service available. Would def hit up again.This is the best so far. Services were great . Please ask mr. Bryan Rivera for you table he was awesome.Service here is awesome. I had originally made reservations for 8:15 after being told 7:30 was unavailable. We got hungry so I got there at 7 and asked them what the wait time was. The response was 45 minutes to one hour for a party of two. I let them know that that was fine and I had reservations at 8:15, so I would take whichever availability came first. The hostess then said that since I had reservations, they would take me right away because it would be unfair for me to wait. I told her we would be staying at Paris anyway so it really was fine, but she insisted and we didn't wait at all! The waitstaff is also courteous and well-spoken. Food came promptly and warm. I couldn't have asked for better service.

Breakfast: 

Special eggs benedict: consisted of bacon, spinach, and tomatoes with a side of hash browns. I didn't think it was all that special. It was good/okay, but nothing outstanding. The english muffins were very... toasted and a bit difficult to bite into. There was very little spinach and only a small piece of bacon. I think it was one bacon slice for the entire plate. The hollandaise sauce was bland and seemed watered down. The hash browns were good, however it was salted unevenly so we got little pockets of salt here and there.

Mushroom omelette with egg whites instead - consisted of mushrooms and brie cheese with hash browns and a slice of toast. Omelettes don't usually wow me since it's such an easy breakfast item to make. They didn't skimp on the brie although the brie wasn't a strong one. It was okay. I did like their bread though.

Dinner:

Dinner starts out with a warm baguette served with butter and a small pickled shredded root vegetable "salad".  Last year it was carrots, this year it was jicama.

Filet mignon merlot - The filet came out really fast this time. I would say our food came out within 15 - 20 minutes of ordering. The filets were ordered medium well and they were cooked perfectly with a nice seared crust. The potatoes came warm and perfectly salted and crisp.

Vegetable Farcis (last year) - It was so flavorful and bursting with flavors I didn't feel I was missing out on anything. I hadn't been that excited about vegetables for awhile. I was very impressed with a steakhouse creating such a unique vegetarian dish. It consisted of herbed quinoa on a bed of sauteed tomato/sauce and topped with grilled zucchini, squash, and eggplant. Some of the vegetables had a creamy stuffing that was pretty decadent.

Bananas Foster Crepe - The caramel sauce is sweet and nutty with the bananas perfectly sauteed to remain firm, yet have that nice cooked banana flavor. One mistake I find many places make when making bananas foster is overcooking the bananas to mush. I don't think I detected any rum; the caramel is very strong so if there was any rum, maybe it brought out the caramel flavors. The crepe batter they use yields a nice thin, slightly chewy crepe. I'm not one to favor the crispy type crepes so this was perfect. Inside the crepe is vanilla ice cream and on top is a dollop of whipped cream.

Star items - filet mignon merlot, bananas foster crepe.Great spot for lunch on the strip. My boyfriend enjoyed his burger with a fresh egg and bacon while I had a Caesar salad with chickpea croutons which I cannot wait to replicate. The server was very friendly and attentive. I wish I spotted the Bloody Mary bar sooner as it looked like there were some great options. For lunch on the strip and a $58 dollar tab including two cocktails I'll say we scored. I'd like to come back and try the brunch.Delicious filet mignon it melted in my mouth. Service was great from when we checked in (we had reservations) we were seated immediately to ordering, receiving our food and getting our check. Would definitely come back here again. We had the sangria and it was good- I was tempted to order a second carafe. They were busy but still did not neglect us, the bread and fresh butter they serve is also tasty.Overall, a great restaurant! Not too overpriced- of course price will depend on your hunger, pocket and taste. This is perhaps the only restaurant that allows you to sit outside & view the beautiful Bellagio Musical Fountain show (every 15 minutes or so), while enjoying fine gourmet French-American cuisine.

I'd give it 5 stars, except for the following few reasons:
1. it is slightly on the noisy side (being on the busy 10-lane Las Vegas Blvd S)
2. It takes more than an hour to get seated outside, due to the popularity.
3. Some of the waiters are not very friendly or personable. Especially this one guy called Kareem: he is too moody for a waiter at a French restaurant. And unpredictable... He snapped at me in a very unkind way for simply telling him we're ready to order "why- are you in a hurry?" No, I am not in a hurry, but we waited over 80 minutes to sit here! "Well I have so many customers before you". I guess you must be overworked, Kareem- but it is none of my business. As far as I am concerned, you still need to treat me as a valued customer! I don't deserve to be given attitude in front of my lady. At a restaurant that costs $60 or more per person...

Other than that... highly recommended!

Our favorites here are:
- Escargots Bernaise
- Warm baguette bread
- Delicious "Market Salad" with fresh tomatoes
- Belgian Endive Salad (with blue cheese and pears).
- Steak au Poivre (peppercorn wine sauce)- prepared medium
- Red wine from Burgundy (around $7.50 per glass) sorry cannot recall the name :) - goes so well with the meat!
- Creme Brulee - amazing
- Tarte Tatin - apple & cinnamon- but ummm, so yummy, so warm, so sensual. Not your average apple cobbler!Had an excellent dinner here had the fillet mignon with red wine cooked medium rare and chocolate cake for dessert of course... would definitely go back for brunch next time out on the patio.Excellent! Wish i found this spot earlier in our trip.  I had "PARIS ROMANCE" drink.  Very good.  We had baked brie app. .. my only complaint was i wish there was more.  I had classic steak frites....mmmmmm. really good.  My partner had warm goat cheese salad.  She said it was great.  Don't miss this spot!For years now we've loved going to Mon Ami Gabi. We always hit this place for breakfast when we go to Vegas (3-4 times a year). I recently broke with my ham and cheese crepe tradition and ordere the french toast. ZOMG. This is the best french toast in Vegas (I've been on a crusade to find it).Great breakfast (wonderful house-made English muffins!), and fair prices for the Strip.I have been to this restaurant more than once and it is fabulous!!! the lamb chops are great and the service is supurb. anyone who wants to have an elaborate dinner at a decent price, should go and visit them. the outside area is really nice, and the view is wonderful.It's a tradition for my sisters and I to eat here when we're in Vegas. And we ALWAYS order the escargot! It's just one of the best I've ever had!

I didn't have much of an appetite this visit, so only ordered escargot and chicken liver mousse pate. The pate was smooth and very flavorful. It was served with some toast, cornichones, pickles pearl onions, and some pickled, tiny tomato thingys.

A few people at the table ordered steak frites... I luv that they have a bunch of steak frites options! I've tried almost all :)

This will always be one of my favorite spots in Vegas!Strolled in around 10 AM on a Sunday morning. There was a wait for outdoor seating (which is great for people watching!) Since I was starving, we decided to just eat inside as there wasn't a wait.

I ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs and my fiancé ordered the cinnamon apple waffle.

We totally wanted to go with crepes or something French since we were eating here, but it's what we were craving at the time.

The corned beef hash and eggs was the best I've yet to ever have! The corned beef was sooo yummy, and the poached eggs were cooked perfectly! 

His cinnamon apple waffle was great too! It came with a side of house made whipped cream which was super light and fluffy- yum!

Breakfast here is great and next time we're in town, we'll definitely stop in for dinner!We didn't have plans to dine at Mon Ami Gabi on this night. We were gonna eat somewhere downtown, but it was scary and we headed back to Paris. I ran back to the room to drop off our box of Dunkin Donuts, and my husband grabbed a table. The wait for the outdoor seats was 90 minutes, so he just nabbed a seat inside.

Our waiter was very sweet, making a few jokes after I finally showed up. The fresh, crusty bread came with this cherry tomato/corn salad thing that was delicious. I had the half chicken & frites, while the husband had the chicken paillard. My chicken was very herby, and the chicken skin (my favorite part) was nicely crisped. The husband loved the paillard. He got a side of macaroni gratin, which he loved, but I wasn't that crazy about it. Even our glasses of Roy Rogers tasted better than most places.

My only real gripe is that it was a little too dark inside. I know it was all about the ambiance, but I still wanted to see where I was cutting my chicken.

Going by all the reviews, it sounds like we'll have to try their breakfast.The tuna burger is exquisitely prepared. It tasted extremely fresh; was light yet satisfying. The mussels were precisely seasoned, and paired well with the fresh baguette and side of pureed cauliflaur. The service and atmosphere were delightful.This is one of my favorite restaurants. It's beautiful, the prices are good and the food is good as well.  The overall experience is a great memorable experience without breaking the bank. I love the terrace and the view to the bellagio fountains. The seafood platter is a must!Love it!! Great scenery (right across from the Bellagio Fountains). We literally watched about 3-4 shows from the Fountain while having lunch. I definitely recommend the onion soup and the salmon. The salmon was so good! The sauce was interestingly tasty! Service was okay. There was no wait when we went at around 2:30pm. It's a cute place to have lunch. It is located in Paris Hotel. To finish off lunch/dinner, go get the eiffel tower drink if you haven't tried it already!Great food - Be sure to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio Fountains!I had the beef burgundy - 5 stars. My guests joked when I ordered decaf coffee after dinner, but when they tasted it they agreed it was very good. Some of our group went for  a breakfast meeting two days later and the coffee was not nearly as good. I am not sure what happened. Very good service.Enter this restaurant from inside the casino at Paris Casino. Sitting outside completely changes the atmosphere. Whereas inside it feels like a formal upscale restaurant. Outside, you get the night time atmosphere of Vegas. People watching was highly entertaining. We were also able to see the fountain show across the street at the Bellagio. They have heat lamps next to each table outside.

Bread was fresh out of the oven. Escargot was fantastic. Filet was well prepared. Service was slow even though we ate early and the inside of the restaurant was mostly empty. Wine selection was not large but varied. One bottle could be found at the local Jewel for the same price as a glass in the restaurant. Overall great place to eat great food and decompress on vacation.A cute French spin on a steakhouse. Definitely has a good romantic atmosphere, though it isn't the most quiet restaurant. Still, a good mixture of classy and upscale casual. 

I dined here with my bf on 10/16/2011, and we shared their smoked salmon appetizer while ordering some steaks for the main course. 

The smoked salmon was presented well and was very tasty. The ingredients were fresh and arranged in a way that the diner can easily craft their own smoked salmon canape with all of the fixings. It did not at all have an overwhelmingly fishy flavor that smoked fish can have. It was mild, savory, slightly sweet and buttery in texture. 

My boyfriend ordered the steak bordelaise and I had the filet mignon with creme fraiche (omg). The steaks were cooked to the proper temps and were a very fair price to quality to portion ratio. 

All in all, not bad.YUMMM !

So the last 2 times I've been to Vegas, I've eaten at this place. The first time I was brought by a Cold Tofu classmate that recently moved to the area. Its a nice French style steakhouse that serves steaks, sandwiches, seafood and the like. Walking in here really reminded me of my wonderful time in France and of all my amazing journeys. It seriously took me home :*)

The first time I was here, I tried the French Onion Soup, Moules-Frites and the Escargot.

Now, I must say that since walking into this place brought back so many intense memories of happier times, I was really setting the bar high for the food. Maybe a little too high? If I were to compare my dishes to those I tried in France, then I must say that the food was just mediocre at best. 

The French Onion Soup was definitely WAYY TOO SALTY to be consumed without the amazingly fresh bread that they brought out to our table. We asked for bread about 6 times throughout our meal, and every time, it came fresh outta the oven and PIPING HOT. THAT'S how bread should be (: On the plus side, if you're a poor college student coming to Vegas to party and want a slice of the good life, you could always come and order a bowl of French Onion Soup and dip it with the bottomless Bread they have here. That would DEFINITELY get you full while letting you basque in the French ambience for a while. Just saying (;

My mussels were also a tad on the fishy side, the sauce a bit too salty for my liking but my fries were outta this world deeelicious ! Although, I must say that they are definitely NOT French style frites. These fries are sliced thinner than usual and so they are crispy all around, and stay that way throughout your whole meal ! (Even 3 hours later back in our room at Planet Hollywood !) 

My Escargot was also on the saltier side (Seriously, I used to smoke, so I definitely don't eat my food BLAND. If EVERYTHING I ordered was too salty for my taste than something's gotta give), but I think it had to be like that to help cover the "unfresh" aroma of the actual snail. Once again, that's where the bread came in handy ! The herb butter sauce that the escargot was prepared in was SUPER flavorful, it just had a handful too many pinches of salt and so it needed the super carb of the bread to help soak it up.

That night, the friend that brought me had ordered a Steak Bearnaise on my recommendation. (It was one of my favorites in France, along with the Steak Roquefort. NOMMM) The Bearnaise was a bit thin, but the flavor was SPOT ON. And it came with a side of their AMAZING frites that just complete the meal.

Just a month later I decided to take the fam here for lunch during Labor Day weekend. There wasn't a wait, which was amazing for a Saturday at 12 ! They seated us in the BRIGHT dining area with open windows, and AC blasted on HIGH ! It felt so great to be able to be seated "Outdoors" without the 100 degree plus weather.

The menu is different for lunch, as it should be I suppose ! The entrees are a lot lighter, and there are more salads and sandwiches to choose from. We ordered the Tuna Melt, Steak Sandwich, Bacon Cheeseburger, and a Caesar Salad. Every sandwich/burger came an order of delicious fries ! I believe the only sandwich that stood out among all of our choices would have to be the steak sandwich. It was flavorful, the steak was tender and the side of au jus to dip had just the right amount of kick to it ! I believe it was a grainy mustard that made the difference ! The Caesar Salad was a total disappointment, I believe there were literally 8 bites of overdressed salad for $10 and we could have added another 2 and just got another burger or sandwich. WIll definitely NEVER order a salad form here again. I would have been MUCH happier with Wendy's Caesar side salad for $1 ! That's how bad it was :/

Anyway, I know that I will definitely be back to visit this wonderful place again sometime in the future to try their Seafood Platter ! I saw a couple eating it together and it looked so SCRUMP-DIDDLY-UMPTIOUS ! Hahahaha, definitely needa find a bf to take me here for that one day (;
Happy eating !We were quite surprised with the beautiful ambiance of this restaurant given its location right on the strip. We were expecting a loud hustle and bustle type restaurant but found it to be quiet and intimate. We had reservations and were seated promptly upon checking in. We could tell that the food was going to be amazing just from the aromas around us. Our waitress was very attentive and open to making recommendations. We both ordered the hanger steak and were happy with our choices. The merlot butter on the steak was delicious! We split an order of mac and cheese and loved it - so rich and decadent. The only minor complaint was that our entrees came with a lot of fries. They were yummy but just too much. We will definitely be coming back for dinner on future trips to Vegas. Oh...we were informed that they serve breakfast. I can imagine how good the breakfasts are. Hated the breakfast we had at The Sugar Factory so this might end up being our future breakfast place.I have been here for Dinner on a Sunday night with my girl friend. I must say it's a damn good place for romantic dinners..the ambiance is quite classy and beautiful..the waiters were very friendly......the french onion soup and the scallops entree were good...........the only minimal complaint i have is it's a bit pricey...........we finished off with a White Chocolate Bread pudding dessert which topped all the items of our dinner....I sure recommend this place for romantic dinners at least :)Delicious steak frites eaten streetside like in Paris except you're on the Vegas strip. They go to great lengths to recreate a true Parisian dining experience here and they meet their mark. Service is excellent. Sit outside if you can and watch the shit show that is the Strip unfold below.Love, Love, Love their escargot, mussels and seafood crepe!! definitely better than many Zagat-rated seafood/ steakhouse! 
Onion soup was too sweet though...
Definitely coming back.Located inside Paris. Great atmosphere, experienced wait staff, and amazing food. Make sure to get a item off the "Steak and Frites" section of the menu. My filet was cooked perfectly to what I ordered. Also, try out the "Duck Confit;" a nice dip into French cuisine. Overall, the best meal I had in Vegas.Great place in the Paris for lunch.  Wonderful food and the bartenders are entertaining.  Perfect for viewing the Bellagio fountains.Wanted a brunch place that wasn't a buffet.  This place hit the spot.  

I started with some coffee, which I desperately needed to keep warm.  We were seated outside under heat lamps but with the winter wind, it was still quite chilly.  I got the turkey and egg white omelet and added Jarlsberg.  It wouldn't have been as awesome without the cheese.  Glad I remembered to add it.  Didn't even miss the yolks, but probably negated any of the health benefits of getting an egg white omelet by adding cheese...oh well.  It was yummy.  And, I had to indulge in the build your own Bloody Mary bar.  That was delish!This place is excellent. Great service and even better food. The whipped cauliflower is incredible!Long story short, last night there was fabulous and could not have been more perfect!

My wife said all things considered, it might be the best dining experience she's ever had. That is saying a lot. We've dined at nice and quite expensive restaurants all over the country. None of them matched  Mon Ami Gabi for the totality of the experience.

My wife and I both had steaks that were quite flavorful and done exactly as we requested. I had onion soup which was rich and flavorful, and all the sides especially the pommes frites were wonderful. Ymmm...

My wife loved the Châteauneuf-du-Pape wine. Don't let the price scare you off it is wonderful and worth every cent. My wife worked in high end private clubs a number of years ago and remembered it from then. It was so good she went for a second glass.

The service was also marvelous. High marks to Matthew Dunaway our server.  He had the perfect combination of menu knowledge, timing, was appropriately engaging and completely professional. He made it a very enjoyable evening for us. Great guy, ask for him !

The al fresco dining is the best way to enjoy an evening there in my opinion. You get a great view of the surrounding area, the Bellagio fountains, the Eiffel tower and the colorful crowd walking below.

We'll make sure we go there on every future trip!

 I suggest you do as well. This business really cares about their customers and that is refreshing to find.Love love love! We made it between breakfast service ending and lunch beginning. I had the escargot and it was so delicious. I also had the tomato salad and the tomatoes were so juice and flavorful. 
My mom had the blueberry waffles with warmed blueberry syrup and said it was the best waffles she has ever had in her life. I had a bite and I agree. 
They were so accommodating since we came in between breakfast and lunch. I loved it! I can't wait to go back!Second day in LV, we started with a nice brunch at Mon Ami Gabi @ Paris Hotel. The patio was fully packed, but we wanted to seat inside anyway. Very nice, warm, cozy decor inside, it does remind us of Paris restaurant.

Nice grand entrance! Inside was pretty full too. Nice warm, cozy French decor.

Really enjoyed their complimentary French Baguette - served warm, crusty outside and soft inside, perfect!

French Toast - thick piece of french toast served with blueberries and warm blueberry syrup and whipped cream. I really like the blueberry syrup, real blueberry taste!

Egg Benedict - with Canadian bacon and hollandaise sauce. I've had better Benedict, so this one is nothing to wow.

Seafood Crepe - very very fresh seafood, especially the scallop! Not a bad choice.AMAZING food, AMAZING service, AMAZING atmosphere. We loved it so much after breakfast that we came back for dinner. We got just about everything off the menu and not one thing was less than superb.

Their portions are giant, you will definitely not leave hungry. For breakfast, our favorites were their mixed berry pancakes and the Nutella filled waffles. Their homemade whipped cream is to die for. I also got a bowl of cappuccino, which was a great deal for the price and delicious. Their eggs were cooked perfectly and our waitress was so sweet.

For dinner our waiter, Billy, was so much fun. He recommended great things off the menu and paired a lovely wine with my Filet. We each got a steak, all probably the best we have had, and a few different dipping sauces. My sauce preference was the Roquefort one. 

We were a group of five and the place was packed both times we came, yet we were seated immediately. Our appetizers came within ten minutes of ordering and our entrees within twenty.

We will most definitely be returning here the next time we visit Vegas.This restaurant was an incredible experience.  We had wonderful customer service and the food was equally as impressive.  I could have had three servings of the warm goat cheese and tomato sauce appetizer.  While telling our server how much I enjoyed it, she mentioned that I could leave my name and contact info and the chef would email me the recipe directly.  I have NEVER been in a restaurant where that option is provided and sure enough, two days after dinner, an email from their chef arrived to my inbox.  

The prices are extremely reasonable for the high quality of the food.  I will certainly dine there again on future trips to Vegas!This is a really cute brunch place, and an excellent alternative to buffets if you so incline.  We stopped in Saturday morning (OK, who am I kidding, it was afternoon) with a group of seven and were seated promptly.

One or more of us was definitely hungover.  Sat down, one quickly asked for orange juice.  And hash browns.  Cuz that's all he wanted.  The waitress must be used to this.  She put in our orders right away, and our food came shortly after.

Spinach salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=p2jfy0rIunBvoGMqsrA6ZQ) and cobb salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=5OHXWa2Qm86xSMbqOisfVQ) were both fresh, with the right amount of dressing.  Good portion if you're not super hungry but feel the need to eat something so you're not starving an hour later.

Hamburger with a fried egg on top (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=_ctKpcyf6wjYlIgGwuo87Q).  Amazing texture, cooked to order.  Comes with a side of skinny fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=EUD7yxHWUcaiZVdUyqHY6g).

The fruit platter (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=PXCW7S7UC9YorPU9rRU-7A).  Pretty to look at, hard to eat.  Definitely hard to share.  False advertisement!

The rest got the corned beef hash, with a side of hash browns (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=SMi354SDQZfhbITcvyufBQ).  Huge portions, but didn't stop any of them from wolfing it all down!

Good spot to watch the Bellagio water show, too :)Everytime I come to Vegas, this places is always busy - I knew we had to try it out. I made reservations, requested an outdoor seat and when I got there I had to wait 30 minutes. I understand that all of the outdoor seating is first come first serve so this wasn't too big of an issue. So for reference - if you want to sit outside with the view don't even bother making a rezzie, you'll be put on a wait list either way. We had cocktails at the bar right behind the outdoor patio, and the french martini was fabulous! We were sat down by a manager who was very friendly and the view was outrageous - directly in front of the Bellagio and their fountains. I ordered the Filet Mignon Au Poivre which was very good, and my boyfriend ordered the Filet with the lobter tail which he loved as well. We also ordered a very good bottle of Bourgogne, which was only 50 bucks! Such a great deal for Vegas - not the BEST steak but it was such a steal for a view, good wine, good food, and good service. Definitely reccommend Mon Ami Gabi!!!friendly staff, delicious food, reasonable prices, great outdoor patio, and clean. The location is great and the view of the Bellagio fountain show is fantastic. Inside seating is pretty awesome with the dark wood, mirror accent and high ceilings. 

It's good for a romantic date, birthday celebration, or  a quick stop to grab some apps. Dress casual or dressy, I see both. 

My recommendations; everything! I've tried everything the lunch and dinner menu.( I go that often.) have a french martini while you wait for a table.  You wont regret this place.This is probably one of the best steakhouses I have tried. Its definitely a tourist attraction, but who cares if the food is delicious and the service is great..right? 

The atmosphere is dark, dim lights and fancy decorations. To sit outside, it takes about 30-45 minutes, but we were all too famished to wait any longer. The waiters were kind and helpful. Our waiter came around every 5 to 10 minutes or so and water was immediately poured. Thats what I call REAL customer service.  

I ordered the filet minon avec de frites with the creamy  butter sauce  instead of the red wine (forgot what it was called). And I must say that the meat was perfectly cooked. It was so tender and juicy, it had the right amount of salt and pepper - you didn't need to put any more. Most steakhouses fail to cook their meat right because they usually come out burnt, overcooked and rubbery, but this place surpassed the failure. 

The fries weren't the thick potatoey kind, but they were different (in a good way). Their fries texture were somewhat similar to Potato Chips or Pik-Nik fries. It was combination of those with real fries. if that makes any sense lol. 

The portions are a lot smaller than what most steakhouses serve, but you will be very full.  I was unable to finish the rest of my own plate! The meat is cut in shorter pieces, but they are pretty thick. 

My family ordered all different kinds of steaks and tried from each one and all of them were pretty delicious. None overcooked  or rubbery whatsover. 

I will be sure to come back to this place once I come back to visit Vegas again. I recommend this place for those who enjoy steak.  I hope it remains the same.I found a great new spot in Vegas right on the strip.  The ambiance transports you to Paris and the food and wine were great as well as the service.You gotta try this place when you come to Vegas. And you gotta make sure you reserve patio seating! If you're coming for dinner, make your reservations after 7pm, that way the Bellagio Fountains will go off every 15 minutes. It's so gorgeous and such a prime location on the strip. We ordered cocktails and the baked goat cheese-- everything was fabulous! Wonderful service as well.La la la la la la La la la la la la

Mon Ami Gabi
Went here on a summer's day
Mon Ami Gabi
Loved my meal in every way
Mon Ami Gabi
Oasis on the Strip in Hotel Paree
Your food and atmosphere filled me with glee
The experience was oh so fine!

Sat in the café room, enclosed by walls of solid glass
Saw views of Bellagio and people watched as they walked right past
Mon Ami Gabi
Orange juice and coffee made us all happy
Served the most delicious waffle with sliced strawberries
What a delicious dandy delight to dine!

La la la la la la La la la la la la
La la la la la la La la la la la la

Corned beef slightly tough, but it wasn't canned they made it fresh
Over easy egg and potatoes, peppers...flavors meshed
Mon Ami Gabi
Crusty bread so tasty with blackberry jelly
One of the best breakfasts ever eaten by wifey, mom, and me!
Service good and oh so kind!had brunch at Mon Ami Gabi. Great bloody mary .. .the crepes were delicious (if not a tad sweet for my taste.. not a complaint, just a comment) and huge!!I don't know why I haven't checked out this place sooner but better late than never. Went on a Saturday night around 9:30 and it was packed. We couldn't get a patio seat due to wait time but that didn't deter me from having a wonderful experience. Our server was a friendly older gentleman that had to have been there a while. He answered all our questions about the menu without batting and eyelash and steered me towards one of the best scallop dishes I've ever put in my mouth. Nice sear, tender and buttery with a hint of sweet from the pureed butternut squash each scallop was nesting on. My date had the steak with blue cheese mousse that I didn't get to try. I didn't want to mess up my tastebuds with heavy cheese and red meat because I was enjoying my sumptuous seafood so much. We both shared the banana fosters crepe and was surprised how large the portion was. So delicious and not too too sweet, perfect ending to our meal.We went back to Mon Ami Gabi last week and our expectations were exceeded yet again.  The food was impeccable, the service was spot on, and the prices continue to be just right.  The dining room is charming (we've never been seated on the patio) and this is definitely our regular Vegas restaurant.  Bravo!My friend and I made this our first stop when coming to vegas last weekend. We arrived at 11pm, an hour after our reservation but hostess seated us outside right away. We loved the view of the bellagio fountains outside on the patio. 

We ordered light and went with the parsnip curry soup and the escargot. The soup was rich and very delicious, though small portion. The escargot was chewy, but equally as good with lots of garlic and butter. The leftover sauce from the escargot goes awesome with their fresh bread. 

Even if it's cold outside, they still have the heat lamps so you can still be comfortable and enjoy the people watching and fountains at night.Good food and loved sitting outside with my family.  It was only a 20-30 min wait, because it was Monday.  Food was really good and the view was awesome. The pagers don't work outside of the casino, so make sure you don't go out of range.This place always seemed so touristy and theme-park like that I was reluctant to try it. I didn't expect to find such a gem! 

The food: 
I started with onion soup, one of the best I've ever had. It was comparable to those I had in Paris.

For the main course, I had salmon with terragon sauce on a bed of pureed peas, topped with arugula. This is one of the best salmon dishes I have ever had, very well done. It was flavorful, complex, and well-balanced. This was like Spring on a plate. I loved the fresh terragon cream sauce, it was zesty and refreshing. The salmon was cooked to perfection, slightly crackly and crispy on the outside, moist and tender inside. I have tried to replicate this a couple times at home unsuccessfully. Oh well, guess I will just have to come back here! 

For dessert, I had a warm pear and rhubarb cobbler a la mode. It is possibly the best non-chocolate dessert I've ever had. In classic French style, they had poached the fruit in red wine, which gave it a wonderful flavor. Also, I like my desserts very sweet, and this cobbler hit the spot.

Ambience: We chose to sit in the covered/indoor patio. It is beautifully French. Very classic bistro style. They also have a very French cafe-style outdoor patio overlooking the sidewalk. The view of the Bellagio fountains across the street is also memorable. 

Service: friendly, but often hard to get your server's attention. Maybe they should have more servers working so they can be more attentive.

BOTTOM LINE: amazing fresh modern French cuisine and wonderful ambience make for a memorable experience. You'll think you've been transported to a Parisian bistro/cafe (seriously).Breakfast here was amazing!!  Everything fresh and delish..  Service was in point and fast..  Loved the outside seating and the incredible view..  You must go!!  Had a great time there with awesome friends..A weekend jaunt to Vegas with friends to celebrate a birthday weekend ended up with dinner at Mon Ami Gabi. I love this place. We had a reservation, as there were about 12 of us. They would not seat us til all of the party was there. We opted to wait in the crowded bar and have frenchy little drinks til we could be seated. The waitress was awesome! I have multiple food allergies and she first took down, patiently, what they were, so that no cross contamination would occur in the kitchen process. This was a Saturday night and it was packed! She gave me pointers on what to order and there was also a gluten free menu. The menu actually had more than just a few items too and gluten free bread was served with olives just like the other gluten lad bread. Gotta say, I was impressed. I had the filet au poivre ; so good and tender. We had mussels for an app, duck confit and cheeses, as well. Everything was amazing. The creme brulee was a bit boring. All in all its a great place with a great view of the fountains if you get the right seat in the dining room, as we did OR out on the patio. There are warmers, in case of chilly nights. Make a reservation! This place gets busy!We stopped for breakfast and it was wonderful. The Bloody Mary was picture perfect. I had the chicken Brie apple crepe and it was phenomenal. My husband had the French toast and it was delicious. I would definitely go back!Service was good, restaurant was very cramped inside. Food was average. Appetizers were good i got the cheese plate with crackers.  Probably will not be going back but good to experience at least once.Soo good, and affordable.. Definitely my favorite restaurant in the city...I get shrimp cocktails and frites, and they each are very affordable for the portions you get.My family & I had such a great time at Mon Ami Gabi. They have a very nice outdoor seating right on The Strip, so we had a great view of the Bellagio fountains (right across) and the interesting crowd milling by.

We were lucky to have such a great hostess. I love their bread, French Onion Soup, Escargots, Duck Leg Confit, and Prime Rib. Didn't get to order dessert because we were pressed for time.Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #24 - #365

If you want to experience French cuisine in a romantic or casual setting, than, "Mon Ami Gabi" is the perfect choice for you. This restaurant is located across from the Eiffel Tower ride in the casino and along the Vegas Strip where you can watch the Bellagio fountains from the outdoor patio. Everything here was exquisite, from the staff, restaurant decor and of course the French FOOD!

I came here on a variety of occasions; wedding receptions, birthdays, family and friends. Every time I dine at Mon Ami Gabi, it always works out to perfection and it's hard to fault on anything except for the wait, but that's minor. 

Some of the items I've ordered in Mon Ami Gabi:

+Oysters  Du Jour - $15.95
+Wild Escargots De Bourgogne - $13.95
+Onion Soup Au Gratin - $9.95
+Caesar Salad - $11.95
+Filet Mignon - $35.95
+Au Poivre Burger - $13.95

Everything here was delicious and the service was 5 stars all the way. If any of my friends of family were visiting Las Vegas for the first time, than Mon Ami Gabi would be on my, "Must Do List!" Especially the patio seating because it offers some of the best views of the center strip and it can be hard to get a table there. 

Tip: Book a table in advance!

Bon Appetite!!One of my favourite breakfast dishes is the classic corned beef hash and eggs. Luckily, this meant I was ready to order after seeing the menu at Mon Ami Gabi for literally 3 seconds. Although this was definitely more of a hearty brunch than breakfast, it was exactly what we needed after the afternoon drive into Vegas. The corned beef chunks were perfectly seasoned, eggs properly poached and the buttery potatoes were sufficiently crispy. I also liked the addition of smoky red peppers to this already awesome combination of flavours. I was still avoiding bread like the plague but still found the meal to be supremely satisfying! The restaurant itself is right bang in the middle of the strip opposite the Bellagio, making it optimal for people-watching over a meal. It was absolutely roasting outside, so we opted to sit indoors but the patio area was very tempting. For $15, this was a great shout for reasonably priced AND delicious food in a very touristy area. Overall, highly recommended - hungover or not!steak is 4/5, I had better steak in LA
price is reasonable, 40$ for 22 oz bone in new york steak
I'll pump up to 5 stars due to the patio view.We were staying at Paris Las Vegas and decided to try this adorable restaurant in the hotel (out front, you can sit on the strip and watch people walk by and have the Bellagio fountains as your view, it's pretty awesome).

When I checked in around 1:00 or 1:30, I was told there was a 45-60 minute wait.  No problem, you get a beeper and it works anywhere in the casino/vicinity, so we could gamble or hang at a bar in the hotel.  After 10 minutes of waiting, I needed to run to the room to grab something, thinking we still had at least 30 minutes.  While I was gone, the beeper went off and my husband went to get our table.  They were really difficult wtih him, saying that he couldn't sit down until I was there, too.  My husband essentially said, "she'll be right back, I'll wait for her at our table", and didn't take no for an answer, so they sat him.  I was back in 10 minutes, but my husband was going to go ahead and order a bottle of wine for us, but the server never stopped at the table until I got there!  Not sure if he was just that busy, or if they were trying to prove a point about our entire party not being there, but at any rate, it kind of sucked.  

We had a great bottle of French chardonnay and a loaf of their hot french bread.  The bread was awesome but sitting outside, it was so hot that the pot of butter completely melted!  Most of the tables had umbrellas and were shaded, but were sitting right in the sun and we were burning up.  I had a salad and my husband had the mushroom soup to start, the soup was amazing.

For entrees, I had a cold crab and shrimp salad sandwich, served with homemade chips.  It was wonderful, nice and cool and refreshing when sitting in the hot sun!  Delicious.  

My husband had the croque monsieur with fries.  The fries were tiny strips of potatoes, fried until crispy, and really good.  His sandwich was good, but a little boring.  There is normally more bechamel sauce on a croque monsieur, this was pretty dry with very little sauce, but it did have nice flavors.

Overall, great lunch.  It was hot, so if you get stuck sitting in the sun, you might be miserable (I have no clue how people eat here in the middle of summer!), the view is amazing! I really want to come back for dinner, when it's cooler, and the Bellagio fountains are all lit up.Eating in Las Vegas isn't cheap and any place that serves an entree in the realm of $25 can be considered a bargain. We decided to come here for a pre-show dinner. We hadn't eaten anything French recently and being from a backwoods town in the South where French isn't something you see very often, we were ready to try this place. We got reservations and had to only wait about 10 minutes for our table. We got an authentic French waiter but the poor thing was confused for most of the night. I am sure our Southern accents scared the hell out of him. He couldn't remember the specials but that was ok since he seemed like a pretty nice guy.

We were starving since we had skipped lunch that day. I ordered the Onion Soup which was very good. They give you a fairly large portion which could be easily split between two people or eaten as a meal in itself with a salad. Our table also ordered the Baked Cheese as appetizer which was delicious. I ended up getting the Steak Bearnaise with hand-cut fries. Not a big fan of the fries. They were cooked properly but I like my potatoes cut thicker. The steak was cooked perfectly and tender. The Bearnaise sauce was very good and probably the highlight of the entree. We passed on dessert. 

Service was good but not exceptional. The food was good but nothing was spectacular enough to warrant a 5 star consideration. This place is probably more of a 3.5 stars but I will round up due to the appetizer and nice atmosphere. I will be moving to the DC area soon so I may have to hit up the one in Bethesda. For the price you can't beat it though.I've been a regular here for a while.  When I say regular, I mean more like a "been coming here a few times a year" type of regular.  There's not much more that can be said about this place other than it's awesome.

Service is consistently great, and the food is always very good and a great value considering the atmosphere.  I dove in to the bloody mary bar on my last visit, and though I'm not a huge bloody mary type of person, the selection of ingredients and selection of whatever quality vodka you'd like makes it something anyone can enjoy, as long as they're in to having a drink with brunch.  

This is one of those most stop kind of places if you're a local and have some visitors in town for the first time.  The patio is nice, but really anywhere in the bar area is just as good and usually a much shorter wait if you're coming in on a whim.Two Las Vegas regulars recommended this place to my friends and I when we asked for a cute place to have lunch where we could sit outside.  Well, we put our name on the list to sit outside and the wait wasn't that long... but when we go to the table, boy oh boy, were we outside!  Smack in the Las Vegas heat and sun.  Strangely every other table was under an umbrella, except ours.  We couldn't do it.  So we asked to be moved inside.  Luckily, they had an indoor patio, which was still nice.  They were very accommodating, our server was a sweet lady.  She took excellent care of us!   We of course started with a pitcher of FRANgria!  You got that right... Frangria!  It was interesting... had a hint of Rosemary.  And they serve you a loaf of fresh warm french bread for the table.  So good!  We ordered the Brie as an appetizer, that was AMAZING!  Our lunch itself, it was okay.  The Kale salad I got, nothing spectacular, but it wasn't bad.   And the server was so sweet, she heard I was celebrating my bday so she brought out a little cream puff with a candle and had everyone sing for me.  Totally special and sweet!  The location of the restaurant is so nice, right on the strip across the street from the Bellagio fountains.  Right after lunch, we all stood outside and took a selfie in front of the "Eiffel Tower!"  Our little trip to Paris... on a budget of course!!!Had the steak and frites several times.  It's always consistent and tasty.  Definitely a winner in my book.Every time my friends and I go to Vegas, dinner at Mon Ami Gabi is an absolute must. We always request a table outside on the strip because it offers a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains. I always get the filet mignon with steak frittes, which is easily the best choice on the menu. They have professional servers who really know their stuff, so you'll always get excellent recommendations on the menu choices and how certain foods should be prepared. Prices are reasonable for that area of the strip.

They offer a wonderful array of desserts as well, from profiteroles to tarts to crepes. If you're in Vegas for a few days, you should definitely consider having dinner here one night.GET A SEAT ON THE BALCONY, PEOPLE WATCH! AND SEE THE WATER SHOW!

Not much else I can say for a place thats got 1000+ reviews. Just wanted to bumpity bump and mention the french onion soup was very salty on my last visit. But definately a staple when I hit up Sin City.We had brunch and everything was great and it was a refreshing change from the standard Vegas fare. I'd go back again for sure.Beautiful location, great service, and great good. The wait can be a little long, but there's plenty to do (gamble) while you wait. The dishes were all a little bit overpriced, but I'd say it was worth it considering it's Vegas and has a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.It's really hard to find restaurants on the strip that are 4 stars or more on Yelp, have entrees around $20 or less and aren't fast food or a buffet.  This is actually the only place I know of that completely fits that description.  Although I wasn't a huge fan of what I ordered, the other 3 people I was with all really liked their food and I liked the tastes I got of their meals.  We had: a lobster roll with homemade chips, steak frites classique, steak sandwich, and a chicken, brie and apple sandwich.  The lobster roll and steak dishes all got rave reviews.  My chicken/brie sandwhich was ok but the apples had a sour taste and I thought the filling:bread ratio was very low.  I loved the frites that came with it though and the bites of steak I had were great.   Service was good (although they were out of the first entree my mom wanted, the trout almondine, but she loved the lobster roll so it was ok) and the ambiance is pretty nice too.  We ate inside so we didn't have much fountain view but it was still a nice setting.  They serve a warm, crusty French bread before the meal that is just great.  Definitely a good meal and a very good deal for the strip considering the quality of the food and the ambiance.I had checked previous Yelpers stating how wonderful the food was here. And they were most definitely right.

The service was top notch, we got seated almost right away even though the place was packed. Great portions for being French cuisine. The ah loved streak was divine. The peppercorn sauce complemented the steak. The fries were amazing due to the extra crisp texture. Best breakfast I had hands down.

Will recommend and will come back soon.Es war super! Das Essen ist klasse. Ich hatte Fisch und mein Freund einen leckeren Steak. Wir hatten schon lange nicht mehr so etwas in sehr sehr guter Qualität gegessen. Es ist echt das Geld wert! Und das Personal ist auch genial! Ich kann's nur weiter empfehlen.My favorite restaurant when I want to spend some money on good food.  Love their French Onion Soup; Escargot, and their bread.  Usually have steak which is always cooked to perfection.  They need to add some berries on the Creme Burlee.Expensive but about average for a Vegas restaurant. The server was very friendly.

The most important thing is, they will put a fried egg on a burger. BAM!Mon Ami Gabi, located in Paris Casino, is a little expensive but oh so worth it. It's just lovely. The patio is the only place I recommend sitting, with its awesome view of Bellagio and a palm tree lined street. Service was friendly and quick. Recommended!All the glowing Yelp reviews about Mon Ami Gabi are true. (Unlike others such as Del Friscos and Delmonicos that completely defy logic or reason).

It's a great restaurant, with great food and excellent service, and an almost Parisian-atmosphere....but....but...but....

But....the girls at the front; the ones who decide where to seat you...the ones who make you wait at the bar no matter how busy they are....those girls are abominable. They almost ruin everything that is good about MAG. They undermine the great business that it is.

I wish the guys in Chicago, who created this concept, would find some hostesses....maitresse d's.....who were a little more hospitable, and a little less premenstrual.

I'll keep going here because I think it's one of the best all-round restaurants on the strip....but I'd go a lot more if the she-devils weren't waiting to shred me and everyone else once we arrive.Went here for breakfast which was wonderful!  Was a bit disappointed because we had read that it was across from the Bellagio fountains which it was, but they were not on.  That would have been even more incredible, but they don't start until 11am.  We were going to wait for a table outside, but noticed the enclosed patio/bar area was quite lovely and it was a bit windy, so we ate there by a window.  We split the eggs benedict which was on a homemade english muffin that was really good.  We then split the bananas foster waffle which was out of this world awesome!  The crisp waffle with bananas and that incredible warm, bananas foster syrup with the cool homemade whipped cream was beyond words!!!  
The only somewhat negative was our waitress was a little snooty... maybe that's the french way, although she wasn't french. Lol!  The other places we had been to in Vegas, the people were so kind and fun, so we had been used to that.  Would highly recommend this place and also the bananas foster waffle, though.  Also, wanted to mention there's a bloody mary bar which we didn't try, but it sounded interesting.I have eaten here a number of times (now it is a regular stop each time I come to Vegas). I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal and the prices I find very reasonable for what you get. By no means is this gourmet dining, but I do have to say it is as good as it gets for the price you are paying in Vegas. It is a lively atmosphere with a friendly waiting staff.

The last time I was there, I had the flattened pepper steak and their Steak frites (I cannot remember the exact name off the menu) with a side of green beans. That was plenty for me. They have a very nice selections of wine by the glass, and again, fairly reasonable. The service is great and I  strongly encourage anyone coming to this restaurant to have a reservation as there is a line up to get in and you will have to wait.How many times have you walked past this restaurant on the strip? It's visibly beautiful and always busy it seems. So I decide to take my girlfriend here since it was here birthday weekend. We didn't have any reservation since it was kind of on the fly. However the wait wasn't too long, I was actually bummed that we just missed out on brunch. Anyways after a short wait we were seated outside on the beautiful patio, next to the strip. A friendly server brings us a baguette to start, has a couple recommendations  for us, then we proceed to order.

Food 
*Mussels Mariniere - Excellent mussels. Flavorful dish with the white wine sauce, it was also cooked perfectly.

*Onion Soup Au Gratin - Good, not great. The cheese was the most memorable Ingredient of the soup.

*Seafood Crepe - A deliciously Savory crepe. Usually I only stick to dessert ones but this is a must order. The scallops were cooked perfectly, the shrimp was succulent, and the cream sauce complements  the crepe with the seafood nicely. 

*Lobster Roll - Loved it, coming from the Bay Area, there are a lot of great places to grab a lobster roll. And this one is a great one. A hearty amount of lobster, not stingy on the meat like some other seafood places would. My favorite part about the roll is that it is moist and packed with flavor. Some places just throw lobster inside of a roll and call it a day. Not here though. They've done a great job with it. 

What can I say, Mon Ami Gabi has my heart. It's difficult to dine in at a restaurant in Vegas when you have so many options, but this is one I would love to come back to. The food is appetizing and delectable. The service is genuine, although it is very hectic, the servers still find ways to connect with their customers. Next time I must try their brunch! They also have a amazing view of the Bellagio fountain which shoots up a amazing show every 15 minutes. With all things consider this is a great place to dine at.My friend and I, after a long day in conferences were looking to chill, have great food, ambiance etc. Of course after looking at its great reviews, and me being french, I figured why the hell not! 
I had made a reservation earlier in the day since the night before we swung by and the wait was well over an hour. We arrived right on time. The 2 reasons why I did not give it 5 stars is the following:
1- you cannot make a rez on the patio
2- the A/C is too high inside! Yes it's scortching hot in vegas right now but food, especially great food, does not like A/C!
Our waiter was great, maybe a smidge too "buddy like", but both of us really enjoyed our food, the fact that we could hear each other speaking and the lack of greatly needed sensory overload. After all isn't Las Vegas a luxurious version of ikea, aka the rat trap. Clearly you can tell Vegas is not my scene necessarily but would recommend Mon Ami Gabi to anyone, including the typical french man. So thanks to you yelpers in making what could have been an impossible task in finding good dinning a painless and enjoyable experience. J.I was so excited to meet some friends for dinner at Mom Ami Gabi. I had tried the Chicago location and I loved it. We made reservations early but by the time we arrived all the outside sitting (in front of the Bellagio Fountains) were all taken. The staff is very friendly and professional. They had some excellent wine selection. The menu has a great variety of steaks. I had the bison ribeye which wasn't on the menu but it was on the specials of the day. 
The bread they bring you is really good so are the spreading dips!! I didn't get any soup because I was saving some room for dessert!! But everybody that had one commented how good the French onion soup was. 
When the main course arrived oh my gosh!! I didn't think I was going to be able to eat all that meat but I did and I was glad I didn't get any other side because I don't think I could possibly eat something else. The steaks were cooked to perfection. Good flavor, really tender and so tasty! It was definitely one of the best Bison steaks I have ever had. 
I could not leave this restaurant without trying their banana crepe with ice cream. It's delicious!! I do recommend to split it. This restaurant it's great! Excellent food quality and service. Call in early and make reservations so that you can see the fountain show.I rarely give 5 stars...and I'm really picky about my steak. I was in Vegas with the bf, decided I'd turn to Yelp for some good dinner recommendations. Yelpers, you didn't let us down. We came here for dinner our first night in Vegas.

We had escargots as appetizer. My first time having snail so I had nothing to compare it to, and I tend to get hesitant about unusual/exotic foods...but bf said it was really good so we'll go with that.

For dinner, I had the Filet Mignon Merlot Steak, medium-well, came with their fries. It was AMAZING, cooked to perfection, full of flavor. I like my meat to be juicy and tender but not very red. At a lot of places, if you request your meat to be well done, the meat comes out to dry, and if you want it juicy, you have to go with medium or rare. But this place did an amazing job at making it perfect - cooked well enough for my taste but still juicy and FLAVORFUL. Bf had the Steak Bordelaise, which he was very happy with as well.

Great experience, will definitely be back when in Vegas again!Went to Vegas for a bachelorette weekend and first restaurant we stopped into is Mon Ami Gabi.  We didn't have to wait at all since we didn't request for outdoor seating but to our surprise, where we were seated was just as good.  We were just in between the outdoor/indoor seating so it was perfect.  

The food and service here is top-notch.  And for brunch, I would consider the price relatively cheap.  My table ordered:

chocolate-bacon waffles - YUM! the sweetness of the chocolate complements the saltiness of the bacon very well

2x fruit pancakes - these bad boys were ginormous and I would consider them more as crepes than pancakes

corned beef hash w/ potatoes - best dish of all the things we ordered.  everyone was taking a bite of this plate because it was so irresistible.

I can't wait to check out the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant in Chicago now.  Woohoo!Great service, food, location and view. We were fortunate to get a seat outside which overlooks the Bellagio hotel and water displays. The food was amazing and staff were patient with questions about menu and Vegas in general!Very grateful to Mon Ami Gabi for accommodating my group of 12, and placing us in one of the private side-rooms! The service was very friendly, and the food and mimosas came out quickly

I went for a very savory option in the seafood crepe, and I didn't know how tasty seafood could be in the morning! The scallops and shrimp were very fresh and cooked to perfection. I did feel that the crepe itself could have used some seafood in it. With just cream and peas, the crepe felt a bit empty

A couple people in my party ordered the avocado toast with a side of grilled salmon, and that seemed to be a big hit as well...the potato chips that came on that dish were delicious and so crispy!My boyfriend and I came here for a late dinner. We sat at the bar. The food was very very good and it wasn't that expensive which was nice after already being in las vegas for almost a week.The food and view are great. Breakfast here is a good idea for the tourist. The Brie and Apple Crepe is not something to pass up on. Soft flavor that is just perfect. I could have done without the fake accents, but after a while it normalizes. For dinner I got the Seared Salmon. The sweet pea sauce is delicious. And to top it off, Bellagio Fountains are right in view. For dessert, stay away from the Apple Tarte, it was soggier than expected and the vanilla whip only made the sogginess worse. Would have preferred a scoop of ice cream or something similar. 

Overall, great place, great food, great atmosphere. Cafe Mocha is delicious too.Had brunch with the mushroom/chicken crepe with brie in it: very delicious. Easily one of my all time favorite crepe restaurants. Also had their Creme Brulee: quite nice too. 

The view outside is perfect: it is just by the Strip and across the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio Hotels, you can enjoy the live atmosphere of the strip while enjoying your food.

The service is pretty upscale. 

Overall, highly recommended.I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT. If you go to Vegas and don't eat here and sit on the patio at least once you are missing out. We went here once for breakfast and then came back the next day for lunch. I would recommend making a reservation from OpenTable.com and then showing up a little early and letting the hostess know you're willing to wait for a table outside- SO worth it. Even if it's cold outside they have heaters that will keep you warm. The service is impeccable, the food is delicious, and you can't beat the view. For breakfast I had the eggs benedict which were cooked perfectly. I also had some of the coffee which was delicious & seriously the second I finished a cup the waitress was back to pour me a fresh one. For lunch, BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP OF MY LIFE. HANDS DOWN. I swear heaven opened up and the angels started singing as soon as I poked my spoon through the massive layer of cheese into that delicious broth. And - $7.50 glass of chardonnay. That is unheard of along the Strip, at least to my knowledge of any decent restaurant. Usually you are paying $10-12+ for a glass. Plus where else do they give your table it's own fresh, hot baguette?! I cannot wait to go back to Vegas and force everyone who is with me to eat there multiple times.Pros: Great spot at Paris near the front of the hotel. I ordered a Eggs Benedict and it was pretty delicious. Great balance with sauce, eggs, and bread.
Cons: Server bumped into me a few times but no other cons than that.
Overall: Great French spot on the Vegas Strip with a front row seat of The Bellagio Fountains.We were back in Vegas 3 weeks after our first trip and we went again.  French toast was terrific as was everything else.  The waitress says the OJ is fresh squeezed, just pulp free, so I'll believe her.  You really won't be dissappointed for breakfast. Go!Solid food and a great value considering the location and view.

We were able to get a patio table dining late on Thursday July 19th (around 10:45) and only had to wait about 30 mins.  I even won about 100$ waiting for our table!!

The food was good..not amazing best meal of my life good but still exceeded my expectation especially considering the price.

Steak, salmon, whipped cauliflower, and the brie cheese appetizer were all shared at our table and all were consumed with little conversation .

It did take a too long to get our check and while I wasn't expecting a genuine french server we had one that would have looked at more at home in a truck stop diner.   Overall though she was friendly and let us enjoy the view. 

I will definitely return in the future.My favorite French restaurant in Vegas (: I think lunch menu is much better than the dinner. If you go, try getting the steak sandwich they have and get it with the fries. Great service, friendly staff up front. Definitely recommending this to everyoneThis place is the cutest!!! French toast is the bomb! OMG!! I absolutely have no words. Just the right thickness, blueberry syrup, sweetness and taste! I could go every day for it.I went here for a valentines date and not only was our food delicious, but the service was impeccable. Our server, Sharon V was on top of everything and Jossy never let our glasses go empty. Gabtini cocktails are to die for! Perfect food and service made our evening flawless. Worth every penny!One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. And yes, it has a lot to do with the location. Best patio dining in Vegas! The food is very good. Maybe not world class, but excellent. I also like it bc of its casual atmosphere. Their baguette is amazing!  Also good are the cappuccinos, their quiches, filet mignon, and the white chocolate bread pudding. Go here if you want to slow down, sit on a patio and perhaps read, and see the fountains across the street at the Bellagio.I had a $25 lettuce entertain you gift card so I brought it with me to Las Vegas and had a very pricey breakfast, but ... no complaints, it was good.

We got seated right away outside, it was still reasonably comfortable enough to eat outside in July in Las Vegas.  We were told the specials, I opted for one of them - a fancy eggs benedict and apple juice, which was a lighter color as it was REAL apple juice, not the kind from a machine or bottle.  We also started our meal with a blackberry bran muffin which was super yummy.I came here for lunch during the holiday weekend and the wait was about thirty minutes. I wish I made a reservation for the balcony because it overlooks the beautiful, Bellagio fountains! 

They start you off with complimentary bread and it is really good, I'm surprised they didn't make me pay for it at all. (We asked for extras, two times.) I ordered the salmon with quinoa - beautiful! Cooked to perfection and seasoned beautifully. The frites here are amazing, I still can't forget how delicious they were! There were only a few left on the plate, and being rather greedy, I had to snatch them up to bring home. It was that good. The steak is also cooked beautifully and wonderfully flavored. 

The service here is really friendly and I was expecting them to be not as friendly (because it was Christmas day and most of the service I had encountered throughout the day at several other locations was rather unpleasent), so I was really surprised at how happy and patient all the servers were! Really professional! Only thing I wasn't so pleased was the time it took for my server to take our order, she came in about 20 minutes after we were seated! But the food came out rather quickly, so that's a plus.Absolutely outstanding. From drinks, to bread service, to entree, this place was incredible. The food was impeccable and the drinks were delicious. Couldn't recommend more!!This place doesn't have over 2000 reviews and 4 stars for no reason.  Service is great.  Food is great and location is wonderful.  

Very romantic and enjoyable dinner was had here!As good as it gets in Vegas for people watching paired with great food and excellent service.  The outdoor patio is the place to be anytime of year,  heaters when it's cool and misters in the heat let you enjoy the views of the Bellagio fountains as well as the variety of strip goers.  Can't miss with the French Onion soup.So I finally got to try this place out today.

Came here with the boyfriend around noon. We started off with the duck. 5 stars. The meat was so delicious and tender. It fell right off the bone. Neither one of us are a cherry fan, but we liked the cherries that came with this appetizer.

For the entree, I had the classic steak and fries. The fries were very thin and crisp, almost like fry chips. I enjoyed these a lot. I ordered my steak medium, but it wasn't pink at all. However, still tender. The steak, in my opinion, was just okay. I would not pay $25 for it again. 

My boyfriend ordered the patty melt. He likes almost everything in the world, but did not enjoy this meal at all. The party melt came with a thousand island dressing, which he hates. I can't recall if it said this on the menu....

The bread that they serve is just like in France. It was warm and crisp, even the butter was delicious.

The service was very good, our server's name was Katherin. Our waters were constantly being filled.

I loved the environment. It was super windy today so we sat inside near a window, right by the bar.

I would come back, but next time I would like to try breakfast.Love love! 

My brother and I went on a sunny day in Vegas. It's beautiful! Great people watching, and lovely to sit outdoors (I came from freezing NY and he came from Montreal, so the weather was definitely a plus). 

The food was great, I had a chicken salad, and my brother had the burger. They serve a loaf of bread in the beginning which they don't slice. Found that a little odd.

Otherwise the service was quick and polite, and our server doled out tons of recommendations. A must do especially for lunch!We had reservations at 7 PM on a Tuesday night but as the weather was nice we decided to head over early and attempt to grab a table on the patio since you can only make reservations for inside the restaurant. We were given a 15-30 minute wait time, went to grab a drink at the bar facing the strip, and our buzzer went off about 5 minutes later! The bartender was very nice and contacted the reservation desk to let them know we were at the bar and they could come meet us there- excellent service!

If you are looking for an appetizer I'd highly recommend the Goat Cheese, it was amazing!! I ordered the fish of the day- sea bass- and it was cooked perfectly! My husband got the steak with peppercorn sauce and loved the smokey flavor! 

We also did not feel rushed by our waitress which was very important as I know with the view of the Bellagio fountains the patio tables at sunset/evening are very popular! I'd suggest to get there before 7:30 because when we left around 8/8:30 the inside was completely full and there was quite a line to get in!I'm a huge fan of Mon Ami Gabi - great food, great view, excellent prices.  Delicious doesn't have to break the bank.  The french onion soup is excellent, as is the escargot.  I always get the steak frites - thin cut of steak, cooked to perfection (often, you find the thinner cuts of steak come out well done, but not here; medium rare, as requested).  You won't be disappointed with a meal here, give it a shot.Awesome place for enjoying breakfast. Delicious food. Outstanding service and courteous and friendly staff. Excellent value.  Get an outside table and enjoy the views while dining on great food. The outdoor heaters make even a chilly morning pleasant.Portion sizes are smaller but every bite is heavenly. I got the special, lamb Benedict with mushroom while my husband got the French toast. Both dishes were amazing but the French toast was certainly memorable, it had a buttery crust with amazing whipped cream and blueberry sauce really complimented the whole dish. The Benedict was great too...especially as the lamb soaked the gorgeous yolk and you took a bite of it with the mushroom....mmmhh.Met up with friends I haven't seen 10+ yrs and we act like we just hangout last week. We sat outside with wow spectacular views of bellagio. The food wasn't my favorite not really into French food so I picked something safe corn beef breakfast. Which was not bad. But definitely get outside seating worth the wait.I had fillet mignon, salmon salad, and scallops. They were all amazinggg. Every food has a hint of sour taste. Even though I don't like anything sour it was still good. The only thing that wasn't so good were the fries that came with the steak. They were extremely salty and couldn't eat them after couple of them. Other than that, the food was amazing. Can't describe it any other way.I wish Seattle had brunch this good. I've never met a crepe I liked until I came here. It was absolutely delicious, and the coffee? Ugh. So good. 

Sitting outside is totally worth the wait too, quite a well-rounded experience before leaving the city.I absolutely LOVE this place!! My friend took me here for an early birthday treat and we had the best experience anyone could imagine. Our server, Billy, was so welcoming, down to earth and funny, I wanted him to be my bestfriend! Haha

Anyways, the food was amazing. I don't remember what I ordered exactly but I know I got a medium rare steak, my friend ordered a steak sandwich with fries and both were cooked perfectly. Everything about this restaurant is perfect to be completely honest. The view, food, and customer service. I HIGHLY recommend and I will definitely come back!J'aime Gabi!!!

This restaurant has the best outdoor patio on the strip!   I truly enjoy dining here because of excellent food,  excellent service,  and the excellent ambiance and feeling I get.   It really does remind me of happy memories from France a few years ago. 

I like this casino a lot,  I've been up to the Eiffel Tower view and I have also dined at Eiffel Tower restaurant above,  but there is just something special about Mon Ami Gabi. I highly recommend coming here for breakfast ...  preferably if you can sit outside on the patio and enjoy the view of the strip, Bellagio Fountains across the way!We ordered snails for appetizer. The meat is tender and good to eat with baguette.
My order was salad. Love toasted baguette added in the salad.
Didn't try my friend's steak. Looks nice thoughThe food is always good. The service has always been outstanding. The prices are very reasonable for the area. Waiting to sit on the patio is definitely worth the wait. One of the best places to people watch in Vegas. Also, you are right across from the fountain show at the Bellagio.Ambience good.  very large, noisy inside. Entrance via Paris casino. Try the patio.  At night you get to see the Bellagio's water dance show while you eat.  They have outdoor heaters for the chilly nights.
Escargot - ok  have had better.
Lamb - good. Would not call it extraordinary but, good.  Split the dish.
Garlic spinach - very good. Not garlicky. Spinach was cooked just right.
Banana Crepe desert - very good.

Good value.  Looong wait, not much different from any other restaurant in casinos. Put our name at 8:30pm, got seated at 9:40 on a Monday.Our favorite place on the strip.  Great food, great prices and great staff.  Especially Billy, Robert and Diego.  Thanks guys!  We like the bar counter next to the outside patio.  Always great service and get to hang out with locals. 

D & SI went for breakfast and I loved the food. I had eggs florentine with a side of bacon, everything was delicious. My friend ordered the mac and cheese which I got to sample, which was not a breakfast item but they made it for her anyway - cool. 
Good food, the service was not the best.... I asked for ketchup and tabasco and my food got cold that's how long I waited - bummer. but I would go back.I just ate here Friday evening, and the food was delicious!  The sourdough bread was warm, and this carrot dressing they give you to put on it is delicious.  I ordered the seared scallops, and it was good.  I even got a chance to try the steak (stole a little piece from my friend), and that was delicious too; very tender.  I'm not even a big steak fan!

We sat inside, and the decor is very nice, but sitting outside would have been cooler on a nice warm evening.  The patio has a good view of the Bellagio watershow, but I'm still not disappointed.

I gave it 4 stars because although the service was fine, our waiter could have been friendlier.  I think it was cause we were young!Took the family here for lunch and everyone loved it!!! We got a table facing the Bellagio fountain. Food was delicious and don't miss out on their steak frites! 

Ordered the escargot also and I wish they had left the shell on. It's so much fun taking out the snail from the shell. 

Service was decent and all the staffs were friendly. 

Overall, everything we ordered were delicious and definitely would come back again.Great restaurant. Good food, awesome atmosphere. You should wait for a outside table, the view of the strip is fabulous. We have been to Vegas twice and to "Mon ami Gabi" as many times.

The Filet Mignon will melt in you mouth.

The only down side, if you are sitting outside it can be loud, but well worth it.yummmyyy!! :) 

my sister suggested i try this place for my birthday trip to vegas this past weekend. i decided to go with mon ami gabi because she said it was really good, the prices were reasonable, and there were a lot of great reviews on yelp. 

because i was wearing such a tight dress...i didnt eat too much lol -_- but i did try the mussels appetizer, the onion soup, and the mussels. mussels were AMAZHINGG *drool. must try them. the onion soup was really salty...i couldnt even finish it because it was just way too salty. the scallops were reallly good.....very juicy fresh and tender :) 

the waiter was very helpful in suggesting good wines for us. and he was also able to cancel the salmon salad i ordered because i was just at my limit. 

we were also really late for our reservations. originally supposed to be at 6 but we werent able to make it until almost 7. they were very nice about it and were still able to hold our table for us. 

definitely try this place if you have a big group of people who dont want to spend too much but still want to have a nice dinner :)This place has a great location along the sidewalks of Paris. I've heard great things about the food, and was able to work in a visit for breakfast one morning. I made a reservation on OpenTable and we were seated in a semi-outdoor area. The coveted spot in this restaurant is the outdoor patio, but they also have a room next to the patio with glass windows all around it. It was great to be inside while enjoying the views outside. I ordered the Big Skinny Pancakes, which were actually crepes. Amazing. It came with a side of fresh whipped cream. I also had a latte, which was delicious, but had I known it was Intelligentsia I would have ordered a regular coffee. On my next visit to Vegas I'll have to come back for lunch or dinner to try the onion soup au gratin.delicious! delicious! delicious!  I still crave the asparagus soup.  I came for brunch on a Sunday morning.  I would highly suggest making reservations.  Service was awesome and the food was tasty.  I will def be back!Thanksgiving dinner. 1400 reservations in this restaurant today. Service was exceptional and  food was even better. My wife had onion soup which she said was best ever. Her steak was cooked to perfection. I had scallops which were great. This place has it all over Gordon Ramsey at half the price. If you are in Vegas make sure to eat here.I've gone here so many times! It's a wonderful place to spend your birthday, anniversary, or just a romantic night out. I once heard that the darker the lighting is at a restaurant the more expensive it is. That's not the case with this place. It's actually a really good deal, considering being on the Strip. You can sit out on the strip itself, watch tourists or sit inside with the look of the beautiful restaurant. Very classy. Love this place!I never have a bad time here. The food is consistently good, the ambiance is fun and the fish is great along with the bar area on the patio.Great food and great locations especially if you want to sit outside on the patio, adjoining the Las Vegas Strip, and hear/view the Bellagio Fountains. Getting on the patio can be difficult, but if you are going for an early evening arrive around 5:00 when the sun is still somewhat intensive and its easier to get a table. Within a short while the sun goes behind the Bellagio Hotel & Casino and it's perfect!Ummmm why did I not come here YEARS ago?!!! I've probably been to Vegas nearly 10 times since Mon Ami Gabi opened and always figured this was a tourist trap and therefore the food would be meh. WHOA was I wrong! Okay, well it still is a tourist trap --- BUT a DELICIOUS trap if I may say so! My gays and girls went to Sunday brunch here on a whim. They immediately sat us at a fantastic table facing the Bellagio fountain in the atrium. The dining room is so dark, but that atrium is where all the light is held hostage! 

Our friendly server explained the menu and we got to ordering (because we were STARVING after a night and *ahem* morning of drinking)... My friend and I split the french onion soup since it looked massive and decadent (and it was!). It was just right! Cheesy, ooey and gooey, and just salty enough. Mhmm! Oh and since they give every fresh bread to start off with, the soup accompanied that just beautifully. Yay for dipping it in the soup! My girlfriends took advantage of the Bloody Mary bar. OMG the fact you can make your own Bloody Mary is reason enough to come! They have hickory sticks!! I don't know why that got me so excited, but it did. It made me want to run to the Hickory Farms store and get reaaaall with buying some! (I know. Sounds kinda sad. Guilty food pleasure...) 

I ordered the steak sandwich which sounded "ordinary." Well, hell to the no it wasn't! WOW. That cheesy bun, the mayo sauce, the steak, the jus... and fries?!?! SUNDAY FUNDAY FOR SURE!! I also ordered a Republic of Tea for an iced non-alcoholic beverage. YUM. 

While I know this is not necessarily the most authentic French bistro food, it was still dang amazing! Perhaps that is still the post-partying foodie talking in me, but hey, if you want something satisfying and reasonably priced (especially for Vegas!), this is the place to go.... oh, and the Strip view from the atrium (or patio) during the meal? That's half of the experience right there! I have to return!We had an amazing breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi....so good that there was no question we would return for breakfast again the next morning! I used the Open Table app on my phone to make reservations and it was easy to alter them if we woke up earlier or later in the morning. I do recommend reservations or going before 9am to avoid a wait. Sitting outside is great, but there are also lots of seats on the patio where you are still basically outside. The inside decor is a little dark so it would be fine for evening dining, but not ideal for breakfast. There is no wait for breakfast inside though so if I was hungry, I'd go for it!

I had the scrambled egg platter both mornings. Eggs cooked perfectly, shredded hash browns, and toasted thick bread. One morning I had bacon, which was the thickest cut bacon ever and was delicious. The other day I opted for sausage, which was great too. My husband had the Quiche Lorraine and an omelet on our second trip and was very happy with his meals too. 

Service was excellent from the hostess to the manager, servers, etc. Everyone was incredibly friendly. The coffee mugs were tiny, which concerned me, but our mugs were literally refilled every few minutes....it was amazing! I felt the prices were reasonable for Vegas and for the two of us we paid $30-$40 total. If we had been in Vegas longer, I would have loved to try their lunch or dinner.Service was top notch. My server was very friendly, knew the menu well, and did everything with a smile.  Wish more places served trout, so when I saw this place had it, I had to try it. And I'm glad I did, it was delicious. The trout was perfectly grilled and topped with what I believe were shaved almonds, and green beans. Green beans were fresh, not canned, so there were slightly crisp like I like them. Will definitely come back.A wonderful gem with prime location in Paris Hotel & Casino on the Vegas strip and a gorgeous patio overlooking the breathtaking Bellagio fountains, Mon Ami Gabi serves up a delicious French menu. I have had the pleasure to dine here on multiple occasions both inside the restaurant as well at the outdoor patio seating. 

Steak frites - they have a great selection of different preparations of steak frites. I really enjoyed this dish, the steak was cooked well and enjoyed the crispy frites.
Escargot - it was a treat to enjoy these piping hot snail appetizers. Cooked in butter and fresh herbs.
French onion soup - one of the best French onion soups that I have had. A savory flavor with sweet onions, bread and melted cheese.
Chicken liver mousse pate - this dish is my favorite. creamy texture and delicious flavor. Served with tasty burgundy red wine mustard and cornichons, which add a nice sweet and sour touch to the pate. Comes with delicious crispy bread slices, also goes great with complimentary baguette and butter.
Sangria - cool, sweet and refreshing. Perfect to enjoy while dining out on the patio on a warm and sunny day. 

The service is professional and prompt. They checked in with us regularly to make sure we are doing ok and asked if we have additional requests.

The restaurant is spacious and it gets very busy during lunch and dinner time. Make sure to arrive early to avoid long wait times. You can make a reservation on open table and Yelp!

Overall I love Mon Ami Gabi. Great French bistro with a generous menu of delicious food and drinks, amazing views of the Bellagio fountains from the patio. I could sit there all day. I will definitely return in the future.We have been here about 10 times and it is a must when we are in Las Vegas. Yesterday my wife had the seafood crepe and I had the steak sandwich. both we excellent as was the service. The steak sandwich is actually roast beef that is quite tender and the bread it is on is to die for. Sit on the patio, it is worth the wait.Oh God, where do I start?

This place is utterly delightful. My husband and I have been at the Paris Eiffel tower Restaurant before and loved the view of the Bellagio fountains. Little did I know we could have came to this location and asked for patio seating and we could enjoy the fountain view fully.

Food is delicious. Service is outstanding. Definitely recommend the BLT salad! Two thumbs up!!!Great place for steak without spending an arm and a leg like Ruth Chris or Morton's.  We request to be seated outside in front of the restaurant so we can see the Bellagio water show. Waited was less than 15mins on a Monday around 7pm. This place gets super jammed packed but i guess we just happen to beat the crowd and got seated very fast.  Very friendly staff and noticed each server had its own assigned duty, from being a waiter, to a busier to bread & water guy.  Service is very fast yet still able to maintain that upscale class.  I swear i saw around 30 servers just in the outside patio area. 

Now comes down to the food:

Complementary fresh bagget with homemade slivers of beets.  Bread and butter is great and the Beets are awesome which complements the bread very well. I hate beets in the first place but they tasted like apples. 

I tried the Steak Au Poivre with the Brandy Peppercorn sauce which is awesome and very tasty. Also tried the Hanger steak with the Merlot Butter which was to die for.  Hands down on the sauce as it complements the steak very well.  Classic Bearnaise Sauce pretty good too but I'd prefer the Merlot butter sauce instead. In my opinion,  Mash potatoes were delicious and I would substitute it instead of the Frites because they go a little over board on it.  Reminds of a over cooked shredded hash brown. 

There is no dress code, but people that are dressed up are usually placed inside while the casual wear customers were placed outside. 

I'd definitely my make rounds back her for a nice dinner out in the patio watching the Bellagio water show.This place is amazing. Get the escargot and a steak with some nice wine.  Perfect romantic dinner with the wife last time we were in Vegas.

Tip: if you don't want to wait the extra time to get an outside seat to see the water show, ask for a table inside but near the window. We had a perfect seat to see the show, but also had air conditioning!

10/10 will go back EVERY time I'm in Vegas.Amazing place for tourists, special occasions, or just an afternoon​ snack. 

I often eat at the back bar no line no wait just roll in past the hostess desk. Head for the rear of the restaurant when you see the Bellagio keep walking that direction until you make it to the patio then the bar will reveal itself. The steaks are always a success. Appetizer that steals the show is the scallops must have make sure you save baguette for the dipping in the trays. Also a favorite is the sliced carrot dish served with the bread. 

Deserts have gone down hill I'm price have gone up hill but still relatively reasonable price point for the location and quality. 

Service is always perfect or close to it,  the lettuce entertainment brands crown jewel.Review is for brunch on the patio on a Tuesday morning at 9 am.
Service was great, french toast and quiche were awesome!! St. Germain drink was awesome, I even googled the recipe for it.  Price is VERY reasonable Vegas, I would defiantly come back here for again for lunch and dinner.Really great breakfast item selection and I love sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountains.  I've also enjoyed a nice steak dinner here, but found the absolute value proposition to be a little questionable. I'm not a big fan of Paris, but I have no problem coming this way to a great breakfast occasionally.  I recommend the Benedict.This was a fabulous place in which to dine. The food was succulent and the wine was spectacular. I cannot emphasize enough the importance however of having a reservation beforehand. Otherwise you will find yourself waiting in a long line perhaps as long as 45 minutes to an hour to get in. Once inside however you'll find that the environment is cozy with appropriate ambient lighting and reasonable isolation from the nearby casino floor. A great place to go for a date dinner for sure.Had breakfast here because I had read that the French toast was amazing. I was not disappointed. The brioche bread tasted so good and when topped with the fresh cream I feel that it made the dish. My husband had the eggs Benedict and he was happy with how everything tasted. The coffee was also very good. Add to that a wonderful server and a great atmosphere and you have a great little restaurant that I wouldn't mind coming back to.Again, my favorite Vegas resturaunt. Directly across from the Bellagio fountains. Sit on the patio even in cool weather. Plenty of heaters to keep you cosy. A must visit. Enjoy.Yummy!! Been to Mon Ami Gabi many times and it never disappoints! Some personal favorites of mine include the onion soup, filet mignon merlot, and the profiteroles!! If you get a change to sit in the patio section,it is lovely. I would totally recommend this restaurant!I went here with a group of 12 (Bachelor's party) and we were not disappointed! I made reservations on the phone. We arrived and were seated immediately. The french bread was warm, soft on the inside, and crispy on the outside. We had to ask for more.

Pretty ladies greeting us in the front and gentlemen serving us at the table. The service was excellent. Majority of us got steaks which were cooked to perfection. Their frites that came with the steak were something new to us-- crunchy and not salty! Overall, this place was enjoyable and I got compliments for choosing Mon Ami Gabi.I love Mon Ami Gabi! This is my favorite restaurant on The Strip. We started with the escargot as an appetizer. The garlic butter sauce they're in is beyond amazing! We kept it around just to dip our bread in :) my boyfriend ordered the filet au poivre, and dug in so fast that I couldn't get a picture. He claims it to be the best steak he's ever had. I stuck with the oysters as a meal, which were small, but very delicious!

If you're planning a trip to Vegas, make reservations at Mon Ami Gabi!Always our first stop when we get into town. Great Breakfast/Brunch & Dinner. As a friend has mentioned one of the best European dining experiences to be had outside of Europe. Fantastic service with great attention to details & timing to suit your needs. Outside patio is great for an early breakfast before the heat sets in although the misters do help. I prefer inside for dinner.Ahh, this is why I live in Vegas:  to be able to visit Paris, New York, and Venice, all without a single TSA body-cavity search!

We had tickets for Anthony Cools at the Paris, and a $30 coupon for Mon Ami Gabi, courtesy of - -  I have no idea why it came in the mail.  I'd been wanting to try it for a long time, so it was the perfect opportunity to sample the restaurant on the cheap.

I called for reservations at around 6 pm, and when I was told their first available was at 9:15, we decided to take our chances with the line.  We got beepers for both the patio and inside, and the 45 minute to one hour wait turned out to be pretty accurate.  The patio beckoned first, and I sure was happy about that!  No matter how many times I see the Bellagio water show, it never ceases to delight me.  And though it was a chilly night, all the propane heaters blasting away kept my left side warm enough to remove my jacket.

I ordered a glass of rosé, and it was great that the waiter brought out a bottle and poured a taste for me.  I hated the rosé, since I'm not a fan of dry.  So much better than having a bartender do the pour, and then have to send the whole glass back or tough it out.  The waiter asked what kind of wine I like, and came back with a fresh glass and a bottle of Vouvray.  That wine was perfection!

Hubby and I shared a hanger steak and a salmon/spinach salad.  I ordered the steak medium rare; he likes his steak cooked to the consistency of shoe leather, so I knew he'd be sending his half back.  Turned out he had to:  the steak was still mooing.  It was on the live side of rare, but it was so delicious that I forged ahead.  He sent his back to be cooked medium, and it came back the way it was originally ordered, i.e., medium rare.   In an attempt at health-consciousness, we had asked if we could substitute the garlic spinach for the frites, and the answer was "yes, for a two-dollar upcharge."  The spinach was so good we were happy we'd done that.  But when hubby's steak was returned, it was garnished with that big portion of frites that we'd spurned.  There went the New Year's Resolution, and they stayed crispy down to the last one.

The salmon was a rather thin portion, and a bit OVERcooked.  Though many people don't prefer it, a really good restaurant will undercook salmon.  But the flavor was delicious, and the citrusy dressing on the spinach was delicate and not drowning the dish.

Though the food wasn't cooked to the highest standard, it was terrific, nonetheless.  Add a great baguette, wonderful service devoid of any hauteur (our waiter was Mexican), a fabulous glass of wine, and a sublime, even romantic ambiance, and you have the reasons for my five stars.Had an early dinner here yesterday. Food was great. Ordered bone in ribeye with bernaise sauce ($39.95), really good and tasty. Sea scallops gratinees ($12.95) it's amazing. Escargot de bourgogne ($10.95) tastes like regular escargot fr a french restaurant. Dining experience was great! I'm glad we made a reservation since it gets packed at night. Nice view of Bellagio fountain. :)If it was just for the French Toast, 5 stars. I'm not including Creme Brulee French Toast, or Brioche French Toast.  That stuff is awesome, but I'd put that in another category.  Gabi just has the best straight up French Toast I've ever had.  The inside is nice and eggy, but still relatively light and fluffy, so it's not waterlogged.

The whipped cream is delicious, although, if you're concerned about overdoing it, I'd ask for a lighter serving.

The other dishes are really good, and are worth coming back for, but don't stand out quite as much as the french toast.

Didn't like the coffee.Great ambiance, great service , great food. Love, love this place. I also appreciate that they have a gluten free menu and gave gluten free bread with the best olives I have had.
I ordered the strak classique with cooked spinachand it was really tender and absolutely delicious. I will come back and try their other dishes.Went here with group of four. We were in town for a conference.  Had no reservation, and there was a long line.  We went to the bar and waited.  The bartender was great!  Made jokes, chatted, mixed drinks proper.

We get seated in less than 20 mins and our server Benoit took care of us.  

We did a few apps of scallops, duck con-fit, baked goat cheese.  These were phenomenally tasty.  The fresh crusty bread that was served with these app was great.  Our server recommended a wine (think a Bordeaux) and he was spot on.

The 4 dinners we had were spot on.  Its rare to say that but everything was just how it was supposed to be. I had the  Sea Scallops ratatouille w/basil oil, and the others had a Steak Classique, Seak Au Poivre and the Skate wing.

Not one person had a complaint, the portions were well sized but not so huge you needed to waste food.

Service all around was wonderful during our visit.  The staff was all great, friendly and helpful.  Benoit are server was hilarious and did a great job of ensuring our table was well serviced.Shockingly surprised at how great this place was!!! Service and food were outstanding! Noise level is extremely high but it has great energy. Our server, Colby, deserves a special recognition. He was attentive and super nice. Spoke with passion about the courses and specials. Even went out of his way to get me a Rockstar energy drink (off menu). 

Tip: Make a reservation!!!! Don't wait for the patio seats, you might starve to death!What a great breakfast!!!  Blood Mary was the best I've ever had!  The salmon eggs Benedict was absolutely amazing.   The staff was lovely ...service excellent.  Will definitely come back her on our next visit...or maybe tomorrow ;)My husband took me here for our anniversary and this place is wonderful! He made reservations and when we walked up we were seated almost immediately. We were offered water right away and our waiter came only a minute or so after that. 
Our waiter was Jeremy and he was wonderful! He helped explain menu items, told us the specials, helped us pair a nice wine with our dinner and was on top of it. 
He also brought us an anniversary dinner which was really thoughtful. 
The food was absolutely delicious! I ordered the steak bearnaise and the sauce was creamy and delicious. Not to heavy but just right for the steak. My husband ordered the steak bordelaise and he was really satisfied with his steak as well. 
I think next time the only thing I would change is ordering an appetizer before. I could have used a soup beforehand but that was my own fault. 
Perfect place for dinner! Great and friendly service and wonderful menu items! We will definitely come back when we visit. 
Thumbs up!!My wife an I were staying at Caesar's and were starving, but decided that we did not want to eat there, so we went exploring down the strip. We looked outside at the menu, and thought it was okay so we went in.

We were seated outside on Friday around 3:00 PM. Excellent table and excellent view of the Bellagio Fountains. 

We both had a craving for standard fish and chips, so we ordered Gabi's Fish and Frites (at least I believe that's what it was called). I asked the server if this was just regular fish and chips and she said it was.

When our plates arrived, it was not a beer batter like we thought, but a large size grilled cod, without any batter. The fries came in a cone shaped wrapper and were more like shaved fries.

So now onto the eatin'. One thought - OMG, it was superb. The fish had a coconut flavour to it that was just perfect. While the fries were not quite what I expected, they tasted exactly like I wanted. We finished off with a creme brulee which was great.

Would definitely go there again!

NOTE: Gave it $$$ by Vegas strip standards, but it would be $$$$ anywhere else.Been twice. 1st time we were seated in outer area where longer tables are. The smoked salmon was so finely cut we enjoyed it quite fast and in larger portions. The dip it came with was a bit too tart. Well balanced mimosas and all perfect medium raresMon Ami Gabi(Paris hotel) The restaurant is nice but you'll want to
be either on the patio or at one of the window seats as that is the
true charm here. They have taken full advantage of the fountains
across the street at the Bellagio and this is a great viewing site.The
food is excellent and price wise compares with other steakhouses
in town. The steaks are served with FRITES which can best be
described as flat french fries. Beware the bleu cheese new york
steak as it is loaded with bleu which tended to drown the flavor of
an excellent steak. The butter enhanced steaks seem to be a
favorite and I enjoyed that as well. Nice romantic and worth a date
night. Again it is to your advantage to be able to view the fountains
otherwise this is just another restaurant. AuRevoirCame here for brunch - would recommend the French Toast. I usually don't like it at most places because they taste too bready - but Mon Ami Gabi does a good job in capturing the moist texture in their French Toast.Guys. House made waffles. Fresh squeezed juice. An incredible patio with a view of the Bellagio fountains. What more can you want?

We got a variety of food, and everything we tried was amazing. I had the house made waffles with blueberries, and they were some of the best waffles I've ever had. They also had fresh made whipped cream, which normally I don't love but this was incredible. 

I also had an apple juice- sounds so simple right? But it was so good! Natural and freshly squeezed. Unbeatable.On our last night in Vegas I took my wife here for a late dinner. This location had been recommended by a local for the romantic atmosphere. We sat on the patio which sits facing the Bellagio. We didn't eat until almost 8PM, the fountains where putting on their show every 15 minutes giving it a little extra to the atmosphere.

 The Service was remarkable. Our waiter was very helpful and friendly, answering my questions. He asked if we wanted a bottle of wine. At first I said no, but changed my mind as it was our last night in Vegas and I wanted to have a special dinner with my wife. Of course I know nothing about wine. My palette is mainly attuned for beer and spirits. The waiter asked some questions then made a recommendation. His recommendation was spot on. I really wish I could remember the name of the wine as we both loved it. 

For an appetizer we ordered the Country Pate. We both enjoyed it. It had a rich flavor, but it wasn't overpowering. It was a great way to start the meal. 

The main course my wife wanted the Seafood Platter for two: Lobster, shrimp, oysters, tuna tartar and seaweed salad. The shrimp were huge. The lobster was delicious and cooked perfectly. My wife didn't like the oysters, but I enjoyed them. The tuna tartar had a great flavor and was combined with avocado that helped balance out the tuna. Neither one of us liked the seaweed salad, but I think that's a personal taste issue. The best part of the meal was the sauce they provided for the lobster, it was like a horseradish mustard. The tasted fantastic! Definitely worth a try. 

We contemplated ordering dessert, but we were both full. 

If you go, and the weather is right, I would recommend sitting on the Patio. The combination of the fountains, the décor and being able to watch people walking up and down the strip made for a fun evening. 

Overall the entire experience was amazing. I would definitely go back if I ever go to Vegas again.Loved sitting outside in the patio overlooking the Bellagio water fountain and the music that goes along with it.  It's also a great place to people-watch, just like you would in Paris!

Even though my party went to eat a late lunch at 3pm, the place was still packed.  So prep yourself for a short wait, just in case you are extremely hungry and need food in your stomach right away.

Dishes I loved:
- Baguettes that they give you for free!  So yummy.  My friends who spent some time in Paris said they taste just as good.
- Mussels Mariniere had really good white sauce that goes well with the baguettes
- French onion soup was pretty decent too.

Dishes that my friends loved, but that I thought was okay:
- Steak Sandwich

They also have such an extensive menu that I will for sure come back to try other dishes.

If you are in town and feel like some french food but don't want to pay the Bouchon price, check out Mon Ami Gabi!Mon Ami Gabi, located in the Paris Las Vegas 

My husband and I decided to come here on our most recent trip to Las Vegas before catching Jersey Boys (now at the Paris.)  Reservations, while not required, definitely expedited our wait.  

Yes, there was still a little bit of a wait, even with reservations.  Probably about 15 minutes on a Saturday night, so not too bad at all.  

The bottled beer selection is pretty extensive as is the cocktail list.  

My husband was happy with his steak bearnaise and we both loved the fries.  I had the caesar salad, which was tasty.  The dressing was light and mild and my only complaint was that the salad was very small.  It should be listed as an appetizer salad, but I was under the impression that it was entree sized.  

The service was a little bit slow, but our waitress was adorable, friendly, and helpful when she was serving us.  

Make sure you follow the dress code, I saw some people being turned away for dressing too casually.  

Overall, good food, great location, and I would dine there again.Always love this place.  Year after year...you can't go wrong with any item on the menu.

Best kept secret: puréed cauliflower...Wow!  I wanted to take gallons home with me last time I went, and I'm not even a cauliflower fan!Nice atmosphere, quick service on New Year's Eve afternoon.  We got the seafood crepe, split it, and that was enough with the complimentary baguette and butter.

Nice place, pretty high prices.Came here with group of my gfs during one weekend for a bachelorette party. 

I ordered the "Hanger Steak", it was the butcher's cut with merlot butter. So good. It also came with some signature hand cut frites. Nice and crunchy just how i like it. The Garlic Spinach and the Sauteed Mushrooms were great compliments to the steak.

Service was excellent. There was always someone around ready to fill up our glass. My friend had her french onion soup taken away prematurely during the first course plate clean up and the waiters were so nice about replacing it. The quick service made the experience quite nice.Sitting on the patio nibbling away at some good food and people watching is the perfect break from the masses on the Strip.   Bonus is you get a great view of the Bellagio fountain show.

We dropped in for a mid-afternoon snack and glad we did.  The baked goat cheese app was nicely done.  The goat cheese is in a sea of rich, creamy tomatish sauce.  The garlic stick for dipping was nice and fresh but overall, wow was it rich!  Definitely a dish for sharing.
The profiteroles are disgustingly decadent.  Gobs of cream on lite fluffy rolls.  The excellent cappuchino was the perfect accompaniment.
Caution about the mid-afternoon sun though.  Even with the umbrellas, as the sun dips lower in the sky the patio can be very very hot.$20 for half a chicken, mashed potatoes, mushrooms and bacon? Done deal. Amazing.I enjoyed a private business dinner at Mon Ami Gabi a few weeks ago while in Las Vegas.  We were seated in the semi-private room and my seat faced the Strip and the beautiful fountains of the Bellagio.  I started with a perfectly mixed French Martini and then moved on to my dinner of french onion soup, dijon steak frites, chocolate mousse and the raspberry & shortbread galette - all so amazingly tasty and flavorful!  This is a great spot on the Strip to enjoy a consistently good meal.One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, because of it's fantastic patio seating and views of the water show at the Bellagio. I've always got reservations here every time I visit Vegas, twice a year, or so.

I had my first escargot experience here and it was pretty tasty. I'd definitely try it again. Their warm breads are pretty yummy, too. While their steak entrees are decently done (not too much of a fan of the potato strings, aka fries, that overload the plate), they have an immaculate French onion soup, with ooey gooey cheese bubbling all over the cup and then, there's this dessert...

Thanksgiving of 2011, my family and I ordered off a special Thanksgiving menu they had created for the holiday weekend. They had a pumpkin bread pudding (and I'd never had bread pudding before), which I tried, and literally stood up out of my seat. It was THE SINGLE MOST BEST DESSERT I've ever had in MY LIFE. If that thing was on the regular menu, I'd be in Vegas monthly, or shipping it to my home in LA. So if you're there during Thanksgiving and see that very special menu item--ORDER it!The view

The food

The Service

All great

What else do you want in Vegas!!

Had breakfast... Eggs Benedict, Salmon bagel well worth

Had Lunch: awesome Sandwich Sangria...fresh

Service was fast always, plenty of aidsThe food was very good. The fries were a bit too salty though and my meat was too cooked to be called rare as I asked. Also we were in the terrace as the view is amazing facing the Bellagio. It was cold and the server didn't switch on the heater even after we asked him.
Good restaurant not to expensive !Mon Ami Gabi is a slightly lit restaurant in which I almost tripped (jk). I came here for a friend's birthday dinner. I ordered the Steak Classic - medium rare - it came with really thin cut fries and the steak was topped with a pesto butter sauce. My only qualm is that the piece wasn't as tender as I had hoped for MR. For appetizers, we ordered escargot, mussles, and crab cakes. The crab cake was a little dry but the other two were fantastic.

There are so many other restaurants in Vegas I want to try so I probably won't be back for while. I'd recommend you give this spot a shot if you're in the area (Paris Hotel).This is consistently a great restaurant to go to on The Strip: the service is great and the food is fantastic.

The typical thing to order are the Steak and Frites, which are always a great option.  There are plenty of great steak options and all are great quality beef.  Even the bread that arrives with dinner is fresh and steaming and perfect when you add the butter to it...the bread also arrives with a brined/pickled carrot slaw/salad that is surprisingly good - tangy with a bit of spice and perfect with buttered bread.  The wine list is great and one can find something that suits their palate - I had a Pinot Nior that was delicate, but stood up to the strong flavor of the beef.  The desserts are also really good - profiteroles, chocolate cake, bread pudding.I love this place.  I have a lot of really good memories at this place.  I was here when I turned 21.  I was here for a girls clubbing marathon weekend in my mid 20's.  I was here before I eloped with my hubby and Elvis walked me down the aisle.  A lot of major milestones in life was spent here.

The wait here isn't bad but definitely make a reservation.  They seat you within 5 min of your arrival if you make a reservation.  The service here is always immaculate.  Food is always amazing.  The french bread they serve is always the right amount of soft on the inside and crusty on the outside.   I always get the steak and pomme frites.  They offer it with different kinds of sauces so there's always something new to try even if you're mostly a carnivore like me.  Love love love this place.  I always eat here when I'm in Vegas.I went here while on vacation and had a wonderful experience here! The atmosphere is great and the dining was fantastic! I definitely recommend it!One of my favorite Vegas destinations to people watch while enjoying a meal. The food is amazing for the price. The outdoor seating gives you the best view of the Bellagio fountain show, and so much interesting people watching right on the Strip.Fake French with the exception of slow service.  I really did enjoy my waffle, it was perfectly prepared.  Skimpy on the strawberries but delicious.  Make your own bloody Mary bar was a fun idea.  Good view of bellagio from Atrium like dining room.  Nice change from the rest of Vegas.Super late review, but had to since this place is AMAZING

Went for a solo breakfast on a memorial days weekend (my friends could not wake up), and it was the best meal I had all weekend. 
I was sitted at terrace after a 5 minute wait, just enough time to walk around the hotel. 
My mushroom omelette was absolutely best and so was my savignon blanc. 
Only downside was that a server forgot my wine order, but it was hardly anything to get angry over since the glass was served in next few minutes. Plus how can I even try to get angry when 4 different servers come and apologize for such minor inconvinience? 
Great service, great food. 
Can't wait to go backgreat place for a romantic dinner if in Vegas - food was perfect, ambiance, etc...5 stars!!!We went here for our anniversary and all that matters is that my wife really liked it!

The patio is worth the wait because of the view of the Bellagio water show and the weather is great outside in the summer when the sun goes down. Inside is darker and cold.

The warm bagette is very good...with shredded carrots...well, it kinda grows on you.

The warm brie cheese was very tasty and it came with roasted garlic cloves. Good thing we are married so we don't have to worry about scaring anyone off with our breath afterwards. It was a small portion tho.

We both got steaks. Now one thing you should know is that a French steak is pounded flat like Carne Asada. It's not bad, but I like a thicker cut. The fries were tasty, but they lacked something.

I know it's not a glamorous review, but I'm just trying to keep it real (about the food).

I'd go back again because of the view, location and the fact that my wife loved it. If the atmosphere was worse, I'd probably pass.

Note: It is a reasonably priced steakhouse compared to the $50+ steakhouses in Vegas!The service was great. The bread was really good, loved the pickled carrots, the combination was probably my favorite part of the meal. I ordered the Classique steak which was good. The fries are amazing!I had not been back to Mon Ami since Dec. 2004, but it was as great as I remembered it to be. The steak sandwich is a deal at $16, and my friend got a chicken and brie sandwich for $14, I believe - both were delicious. We sat on the patio and you have a great view of the Bellagio fountains (minus the palm trees on the Strip in between) and it's a great way to people-watch as well. They also gave us warm, freshly baked bread (at least it tasted like that) and it was delicious. I will definitely be back to Mon Ami next time I'm in Vegas.Great atmosphere, excellent service, oh yeah and the food was really good too! Our dinner started with a warm baguette served in a paper bag along with a celery root confitte, compliments of the Chef. A nice touch. The roasted chestnut soup, creamed cauliflower and seared scallops were real standouts. The only suggestion I have for those who want to make their dinner a long leisurely experience, would be to tell their waiter up front. They don't at all rush you here, they just seem to know what they are doing and thus are very efficient. 

Next time in Vegas we will definitely plan to stop here for another dinner.Loved it! We made a reservation and were seated right away. I love that you enter from the casino but then it's like you're in your own little world. Quiet and cozy, with beautiful decor, you instantly relax - the perfect escape before you head back out into the craziness of Vegas.

I ordered probably the best soup I've ever had, a creamy pea and leek special, and our table shared the ricotta and olive tapenade appetizer. I had an endive salad, my friend had the vegetarian dish with goat-cheese stuffed vegetables and her husband had steak. All great.

I notice they have a big patio outside, too, which would be a totally different experience and an awesome place to sit during the day for wine and lunch.My go-to place for steak in Vegas.  Love their Fillet Mignon with merlot butter reduction.  Served perfectly cooked and oh-so-tender with each bite.  The pomme frites are consistently crisp every time!  If you go for brunch, their bloody marys are a must try.Eggs Benedict where amazing service fantastic great table in the glasses in patio.  When in Vegas will definitely be backAte here last night, everything was great!  Had a steak, baked Brie and sangria's.  Great view of the bellagio's fountain show, if you site outside or close to the outside area.This was my first time at Mon Ami Gabi. I wanted to go because of the good reviews and wanted a view of the Bellagio water show during lunch. Unfortunately,the water show did not happen while I was there. The decor of the restaurant is nice.They served bread which was hard on the outside but soft on the inside. I ordered the Seak Frites Classique and was impressed. However, when I ate this one fry,there was a piece of metal in it. Thankfully I didn't swallow!I showed my server and she said she will show it to the manager and bring me a new plate. After waiting for about 10 minutes,the manager himself came with the new plate and apologized for the mishap. Thankfully,the new plate had no problems. Overall,it was a nice restaurant and plan to go to the one near where I live.The only place we HAVE to go when in Vegas. Sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains across the street and catch a glimpse of the occasional Elvis passing by. Must have - French Martini and the crepes.I love the views here because I can people watch all day. That is probably the very best thing about this restaurant. The food is good too and I like the steaks with fries. The meat was a little over cooked but the sauce and fries were great. I also tried a crepe that had bananas, whipped cream and vanilla ice cream that was so good! 
I recommend this place to all because on a nice day with the sun shining this is a prefect spot to relax in and just watch all the people and cars going by.Best meal I had in 5 days in Vegas!  

Arrived at 8pm on a Sunday night without reservations.  Waited 45 minutes for a table inside, but it was well worth the wait.  We were seated at the front of the restaurant with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains - Amazing. 

We ordered the seafood platter (lobster, ahi tuna tar tare, jumbo prawns, oysters, seaweed salad) ($25), and some house "Frangria" ($4.50).  Both were delicious, and we felt it was very good value (for Vegas).  Wanted to try the creme brulee but they were sold out, so skipped dessert.  

If I'm ever back, I will eat here again!With over 2,000 reviews and a 4 Star Rating, Mon Ami Gabi is doing things right and deserves a visit from you!

They have quickly become a Vegas Standard.  You can check out all the reviews to get an Idea on what to eat, but I'll share a few insights if you have not been.

Come here for the patio seating!  When the weather is nice the patio seating at Mon Ami Gabi...on the Strip...is an easy 5 Stars!  Directly across from the fountains at the Bellagio, the patio is superb for people watching and taking in the sites.  I would not eat inside.  The food is all above-average, but for me it's the patio that sets it off!

We come here for brunch on special birthdays and other special occasions.  They do all their meals well here, and just being here elevates the mood, and meaning of the special day!  You will pay more to eat on the Strip, but the food is spot on and the venue is outstanding.  In addition to the food the service has always been excellent here!

Come here for patio!
Come here for French wine!
Come here for Steak Frites!I just love this little place! Perfect location, perfect menu, wonderful service and superior cocktails! .... All while people watching and enjoying the Bellagio fountains! It doesn't get any better for a nice afternoon or evening!Been here twice; one for dinner and one for Brunch.  The dinner was ok, nothing memorable but the brunch was a bomb.  

Came there on a Saturday around 1:30pm.  The patio seats were full.  Since I don't like the sun, indoor seating was totally fine for me.

I had Fresh Toast with Whipped Cream and it was so good........amazing!

My friend had the corned beef hash and poached egg.  The portion was great and tasted very good too.  

We also got the Orange Chocolate Chips Muffin.  Again it was perfect.  Not overly sweet.

The (free) french bread was very good!  Fresh and warm.  My friend and I finished the whole bread in 5 minutes..............

The service was excellent too.  Everyone was friendly, attentive and polite.  

I can't wait to go back again!!!!!!!Recently in Las Vegas and decided to come here for brunch on a Sunday. *Note* if you want to be seated outside you should call ahead and make a reservation, they will not seat you or put your name on the list unless your full party is present.

We put our name down to be seated inside, it was only a 15 minute wait and outside was 45-60 minutes. We sat at the bar and ordered mimosas, when they were ready to seat us we paid for the drink, the bartender gave us our bill then started up multiple conversations before getting us change! He knew they were trying to seat us so I found this kind of annoying. 

We were seated at a corner table near the waiter station. If we were trying to have a quiet brunch that table would have been a disaster, but it was perfect for people watching! 

Our waitress was wonderful and the food was delicious! We had bacon - thick and crispy, just the way I like it, blueberry waffle - the blueberry sauce is seriously so good!, and three eggs plate. 

Loved this place and the interior!I was on a Vegas business trip and found good reviews of this place on yelp. Even on a Monday night they had over an hour wait, but I was able to get immediately seated at the bar as a solo diner. 

I had great service from the busy but efficient bartender. I really liked the grand marnier infused manhattan - a strong drink with just a touch of sweetness - very good. For dinner I had the pork medallions based on a recomendation. I was welcomed with the chef's carrot slaw and warm bread. The dinner was beautifully presented and delicious! The pork melted in your mouth and had a very flavorful wine sauce and was accompanied by an equally delicious stuffed tomatoe. The dinner was very reasonably priced. I almost ate there again on night 2, and went someplace with higher prices and not as good of a meal - so now I wish I had returned!I'll keep this review short and sweet. I went here for breakfast on June 4, 2013 while on vacation.  GREAT ATMOSPHERE, GREAT LOCATION, GREAT SERVICE, GREAT FOOD, GREAT PRICES.  $12 for breakfast on a patio overlooking the Bellagio's lake, just amazing.  I wil dine there for all my breakfasts the next time I am in Las Vegas.  Just splendid.I love this place, me and the gf went here and it was awesome. We sat inside and the atmosphere was crazy. Just buzzing. We both had the classic steak frites and it was an awesome piece of meat. Next time I would love to sit outside across from the Bellagio. I put in the reservations that we were celebrating our anniversary and the waiter gave us a free cheesecake. It was an awesome experience.We try to stop by here whenever we are in Vegas.  The restaurant is located in the Paris Paris, just off the main casino floor.  If the weather is nice, try to get a table on the patio, or the windows near the patio, as they overlook the beautiful Bellagio fountains.  The patio is raised above the busy Las Vegas Boulevard sidewalk, so all those inebriated tourist don't get in the way of the view.

In my opinion, the food at most of the restaurants on the strip is overhyped and overpriced; this is NOT the case at Mon Ami Gabi.  The food here is excellent for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and appropriately priced.  My personal favorites are the Escargots De Bourgogne, the Warm Chicken & Brie Sandwich, and the Filet Mignon Merlot Steak Frites.short and sweet ..Perfect lunch spot for people watching. Not expensive and everything seemed nice and fresh! I went here like 6 months ago so i forgot what it was but i had a sandwhich with apples in it and a nice glass of chardonnay. The cheese was perfect and the bread super fresh . would return ;-)I had heard great things about this place and finally decided to try it for my husband's birthday weekend. It was fantastic! We ate outside on the patio around 10pm on a Friday night and it was still fairly busy. It was cold, like 40 degrees, but the patio had heaters everywhere and that made it comfortable enough to eat (with your coat on). It is arguably one of the best outdoor eating spaces on the strip. You can easily see the fountains of the Bellagio shows and watching the people on the strip is always entertaining. In fact, next time my friends and I are going to play some people watching Bingo while eating dinner here!

While Mon Ami Gabi could rely solely on its location, the food is actually quite delicious and the service was fantastic. My husband had the bone in rib-eye steak and it was cooked perfectly for him. The Bearnaise sauce was lemony and a perfect compliment to the steak and a great dipping sauce for the frites. Oh the frites! They don't look like much at first but they have the flavor of a fry with the crunch of a chip! A delicious pile of perfection. 

I had the chicken Paillard with their mashed potatoes. The waiter suggested one of us try the mashed potatoes instead of both of us getting the frites and I was so thankful for that recommendation. The mashed potatoes were impeccable. I think I ate almost the entire pile before my husband got a bite. They were creamy and delicious and most likely overlooked since everyone raves about the frites. The chicken was also very good and served with fresh lemon and herbs. 

Overall, we had a great experience. The service was some of the best that I have ever received, our server was funny and made helpful suggestions. The view was fantastic and the food was delicious and affordable by Vegas standards. We will definitely be back!My friend and I went to dinner here to have a great view and a nice meal. Our server gave us just the right amount of attention which allowed us to relax but feel taken care of as well. We ordered a large sangria carafe(30$), a shrimp cocktail, steak frites with a peppercorn sauce, the snapper and a delicious chocolate mousse. We asked the server for recommendations and honestly his choices were our favorites by far! So listen to your server and expect to drop at least 100$ for a nice and memorable meal for two.I been to Mon Ami Gabi before and their food is really good too and i want to come back its just i don't really go to the Strip much but once i go to the strip again i will come back and try new menu.Consensus is that Mon Ami Gabi is the best brunch spot in Las Vegas. Located right on the strip, the expectations were set high. And a New York brunch palette is easy to displease. 

Drinks
Gabi didn't disappoint. The Frangria (the French Sangria) was one of I believe two drinks that came in pitcher sizes, and was adequately sized and quite quenching. 

Appetizers
We ordered Escargot (buttery snails) and the Baked Goat Cheese to start. While the Escargot is always a fun dish - new to some, icky to most, but uniformly just tastes like buttery mushrooms. It's not the restaurants fault - the dish is more of a conversation starter than food. The goat cheese and garlic bread, on the other hand, was pure BLISS. I'm not sure how something so simple tastes so magical. Perhaps we were hungry. We devoured the dish in minutes and were debating cancelling some entrees to get more. 10/10 would recommend!

Entrees
I personally love quiche Lorraine and was unfortunately very disappointed with the dish. Thats the reason I'm taking a star off. Not much to say - it was dismal and unappetizing. The crust wasn't crunchy, the insides felt try and rubbery. A disaster.
A friend got the French toast, which came with blueberries on top. A standard dish that was as expected.
Another buddy was and has been on a life long quest for maximum fitness and decided he'd only let a fruit salad accentuate his otherwise soylent diet. And this is Vegas we're talking about. Ugh.
The eggs Benedict is a brunch classic. I'd say New York had definitely treated us to better, but all in all not bad. The yolk flowed, but the bread wasnt crispy. Two people got this and were fairly pleased.

Overall
The place is expensive some entrees ranging to the $25-30 range. It's clearly a $$$ place, and expectations are pretty high at that point. If this were in New York, I'd give it a 3 star, but because good dining is rather rare in Vegas (from the few places we went to), and because the goat cheese was some ambrosia-ass shit, 4 stars is it.The wait to get in was not too bad at all.  Once we were seated, the service was good and efficient.  The food is quite good, but I'm not sure it is worth what they charge.  You can be seated right on the strip in front of Paris Hotel Casino.  My and my daughter had dinner and a drink and it was a little over a hundred dollars.  I wouldn't go back just because the expense did not match the quality.  But, if you want to sit in a nice restaurant, eat good food and be on the strip, and you have some money to burn, this is a good place to go.  It is always busy, so make a reservation.Great food !  My husband and i had the french onion soup ( It was great) , the oysters ( super fresh and good) and the steak sandwich ( very delicious) !  Has a great view of the vegas strip ! Overall a very nice placeTheir steak MELTS in your mouth. The dinner menu could have a larger selection. I had higher expectations but I didn't experience anything extraordinary.We got a seat on the patio with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountain show! Seating outside is first come, first serve but we came in the afternoon so there was no wait. The food was amazing. We got the chicken pate to start, and it was excellent. I had the chicken and Brie crepe, which was delicious as well.The restaurant is very beautiful with a spectacular view. The food is delicious, very tasty smoked salmon eggs Benedict. Bloody Mary was the best I have ever tried. I think it's one of the best breakfast places in Las Vegas.The best breakfast I have ever had. Amazing french toast.  Large slices of bread that are crispy on the outside and doughy-rich on the inside. Covered with like two cups of just-softened blueberries and a large dollop of freshly whipped cream. Pour the warm blueberry syrup over it all. Heaven.  Attentive service. Seemed like they refilled our coffee every 90 seconds.  Cute atmosphere -- the atrium is light and airy. It seems like a French bistro on Las Vegas steroids.Amazing food with a beautiful view of strip right across from Bellagio fountains! Def get the onion soup as a starter and a glass of wine with your preferred entre, very delicious food and amazing location.First of all, it's in front of the Bellagio where you can watch the water show while dining. (Well if u're seated outside) I love the food. The waiter recommended a drink and it was delicious. Will def go back here next time I'm in Vegas.This was a perfect spot for dinner before a show on Saturday night.  We had a 7pm reservation, and had to wait a few minutes while they caught up, but we were in and out within an hour.  The decor was very understated...I can't say that it resembled Paris, but it looked like a nice New York steakhouse in the early 20th century (in my imagination, anyway).  Sadly, we could not see the Bellagio fountain from our seat inside the restaurant, despite asking for it on our www.opentable.com reservation.  But our experience was otherwise very positive.

Wine by the glass was reasonably priced, and earned a hefty pour.  The bottles were familiar favorites, well chosen.  The menu is very traditional - your steak house usual suspects.  We both got the filet mignon, so I cannot speak to their standard steaks.   The filets were more than 8oz each, and perfectly cooked (my medium rare was like butter).  The hubby got his with bleu cheese - I order with the merlot butter.  Both were delicious, perfectly seasoned options.  The steaks themselves were unadulterated.  The fries were nearly flat - somewhere between a potato chip and a fry, as other reviewers have commented.  I personally loved them (and you get a ton), but I suppose it's a matter of taste.  They were very crispy, and not at all oily.  Give 'em a shot!  We also got an order of green beans, which my husband totally ignored, but were perfectly cooked and an excellent vegetable accompaniment.  Bread was lovely and warm, and served in a paper bag with butter and some sort of slaw that we overlooked.  It was OK (the slaw, that is).

Our waiter was extremely efficient and still affable, though not terribly friendly.  He was kind enough to take a photo for us, and made sure we were comfortable.  The people next to us were very odd, and one appeared to be obscenely drunk, but hey - it's Vegas.  Had they had a few more vegetable sides available, and perhaps a few original steak preparations, I would have given them 5 stars easily.  As it was, Mon Ami Gabi gets my full recommendation, and though Las Vegas is full of tasty restaurants, this reasonably priced and delicious steakhouse gets an honorable mention in my book.Ate here for the first time and it was an amazing experience! My boyfriend had the bison and I had the classic steak. Both were amazingly good!!! I'll definitely come backService is great, food is great. If you can try to be seated outside, excellent view of the strip. The baked goat cheese is fantastic and the steaks are amazing.Upon arrival at our reservation time we were immediately shown to a table in the inside area which is pretty dark and tends to be noisy. Additionally it was located adjacent to a door (I think of the swinging type) with a serving cart occupying some of the table space. Rather than sitting down I asked for another table. We were shown to a table in the atrium area (brighter and quieter) which while smaller was significantly better situated. It turned out to be very fine. Both couples shared Caesar salads which were ample and very tasty. The baguette bread they make in house is wonderful and always served fresh and hot. For entrees we ordered two Steak Frites Bordelaise, one Hanger Steak, and the Caramelized Sea Scallops. While the Steak Frites were good, the Hanger Steak my wife ordered was tastier. The Sea Scallops my friend's wife ordered were very good and of course their signature hand cut fries are outstanding. My friend ordered the green beans but after the salad course was told they were out. He then ordered sautéed mushrooms which arrived halfway through the entrée. Five minutes later they brought a second order of mushrooms. When we informed the waitress that we already had one order she took the second order back. I'm not sure who those belonged to or went to. They formerly offered a plate of three small profiteroles (cream puff pastry filled with vanilla ice cream and covered in warm chocolate sauce) for dessert but now it's a single grand profiterole which looks like a chocolate covered jumbo burger. We shared one and thought it was OK but I recall the smaller ones they formerly offered as being more tasty thanks to a softer puff. All in all a good meal at a reliable, fairly priced Strip restaurant.My bf and I came to vegas for a few days of vacation.  Thanks to Yelp reviews, we discovered this little gem.  We even came here TWICE for dinners during our trip, that is something considering how many restaurants available in Vegas!

The bread was awesome, crispy but not hard, warm and soft in the inside.
Scallops were de-li-cious!
Steak frites were good.  I tried the bordeaux sauce, bf had the peppercorn once, and the hanger steak the second time. The meat is hammered to a thin slice so it is wonderfully tender. Sauces were appropriate. It wasn't the skinny fries that we like, but it was not soggy, so its fine.

The best part is the price, its a steal for the quality and location! We will be back!We went there with a couple locals and enjoyed the meal very much.  I had the Beef Wellington - something you don't see very often, and it was absolutely perfect.  Even the spinach that it came with was good, and I hate cooked spinach.
Service was excellent.
Only issue is the price - hefty, but by Las Vegas strip standards, it was a good deal.The food was above average and the service was decent. Most of the restaurants at Paris seem more like tourist attractions than restaurants, but the inside dining area here was a bit nicer and not so crowded.

The Patty Melt was quite good and the Chicken Brie Sandwich was not bad. The fries, a cross between french fries and chips, were actually very tasty.

Like most casino restaurants, the sodas were flat and too syrupy.You can never go wrong at this place. I've been there several times and always delicious! Great wine list (prices all right), my fave is the filet mignon au poivre which is to die for. The service is great. Just make sure you make a reservation and enjoy the best French restaurant in the Strip!My friend Gabi!

I don't have a friend named Gabi, but My Friend Gabi (Mon Ami Gabi) was so yummy! 

It's located in the Paris Hotel near the front. For dinner, the ambiance is very French and romantic: dim room with candles at all tables. It's not quiet, but the place looks so romantic. For food:

They provide complimentary RADISH SALAD and BAGUETTES with butter. I loved the radish salad. It was refreshing and a bit sweet. The baguette was yummy too. They serve it warm and comes in a paper bag. Every time I think of baguettes, I just wanna get into a sword fight with it. I didn't do that of course, gotta be a lady.

For my main course I had the SALMON and LEEK QUINOA. So yummy! The salmon was cooked just right: a bit crispy but tender. My mouth is kinda mouthwatering because of it. The quinoa had a little too much sauce in it but I still liked. For a side dish, I had the RATATOUILLE. Not bad, I just wish it was a bit more creamy.

Beth, our server, even hooked it up with a complimentary dessert: vanilla ice cream in a profiterole? Not sure but it was yummy!

Merci beau coup Mon Ami Gabi :)Great ambience, patio seating is worth the wait.  Been here many times and love it.  Great for people watching (so French) and viewing the Bellagio fountains (so Vegas). I take all of my out of town friends here. Service is excellent.  

What's best: 
-Steak frites classique or the one with caramelized onions
-Baguette and butter
-Warm Brie
-French onion soup
-pate

What you can pass on:
-Butternut squash quiche

Tips:
-Arrive 30 minutes before your friends arrive to put your name down for patio seating.  There's always a wait for patio seating.
-From the parking structure, walk into the casino but stay to the right (keeping the tables to your left), past Gordon Ramsey's Steak and past the Eiffel Tower tickets line. Mon Ami Gabi is towards the front of the Paris Casino and Hotel near the valet.
-Patio seating is the best view for the Bellagio fountains show. Best when viewed in the evening.
-Bring sunglasses for daytime patio seating
-Reservations are only for indoor seating.  PATIO SEATING is waiting only!An absolute must when visiting vegas!  Great view, delish food, amazing service.I went here at the end of June this year with my family to celebrate my parents' 28th wedding anniversary with them. The wait to be seated inside was long so we decided to be seated in the patio area, even though it was a typical hot summer day in Vegas. What was nice was the table umbrella kept most of shaded and the breeze was nice that day. The four of us who got steaks loved our plates. My parents also enjoyed their seafood plate. The bread and paste that we had for starters was also delicious. The overall ambience was nice. It is Parsian themed afterall! What made the evening even more special was the water show going off at the Bellagio. We had a pretty nice view of the show. I would definitely eat here again.Get the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter. Rare.
You will get a taste of heaven.Our waiter was laying on the French accent thing really really thick. I thought he was faking it for the benefit of the tourists, but when he started conversing with the Québécois to at the next table i realized he was legit.  Food was great, the fries that come with the steake frites are a thin chip like version, I'd prefer thicker shoestring ones, but a small quibble.Oh my heavens... One of my favorite places to eat on the strip! Starting with the atmosphere, Mon Ami is located in Paris and the view across the street of the Bellagio fountains at night really sets the mood right. If it's warmer, I highly recommend sitting outside. The service is always very good and the waitstaff is extremely knowledgable.

Now onto what's most important: the food! Beginning with appetizers, the duck confit is to die for! I've had lots of duck in my life, but this is by far some of the best. It's extremely tender and melts in your mouth. Main course: Get the bone-in ribeye!! I have tried a few different steaks here, but this one tops it off! The bone just adds SO much flavor to the already amazingly marbleized piece of steak! It is cooked to perfection every time! And lastly, dessert: the French sure do know what they are doing!! The bananas fosters is DIVINE!! It's the perfect balance of sweetness to top your meal off. An amazing meal with a wonderful wine selection to go with a great view... What more could you ask for?!When asked the locals for food recommendations, this place was high on the list. I was not disappointed. 

It was busy but you can call in and make reservation. The only thing in you can only reserve inside seating. 

Started fresh warm bread, then I got onion soup was decadently cheesy and tasty. 

I also got a salad that had fresh poached egg with bacons that was decent.We could talk about the great service, or the pop in your mouth oysters, or we could even talk about the melt in the mouth steak but if you leave this place without the chocolate pudding you are insane. Special shout out to Irish Sean, our waiter and know that it was super gay friendly as I was there with my gorgeous girlfriend and her BFF gay boy friends.I've dined here multiple times and enjoyed it both times. Most recently I had a casual lunch with my sister. The atmosphere is wonderful, staff is attentive and friendly and the food is fantastic.So, just visiting las Vegas and ended up having lunch at this place. My family was very pleased with their food (mussels, macaronni gratin and quiche). Im vegetarian and my options were more restricted, their onion soup was awesome (with a lot of cheese) and salad (kind of simple).Outstanding restaurant!! Great views of the Bellagio fountains and climate control was flawless. FOOD- Filet Mignon was perfect. Just absolutely enjoyed our dishes and wine. Tried some great soup. Overall, I will come back to this restaurant and dine with my wife. Kudos to Mon Ami Gabi!Eating dinner at the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant was one of the highlights of my Vegas vacation.  The dinner prices were extremely affordable (especially considering the location and the pricing of other nearby restaurants) and the food was excellent.  Each couple in our group had to pay $100, but this included 2 bottles of wine (approximately $64).  You can't really get much better bang for the buck on the Las Vegas strip.  I will say that the Sea Scallops were perfectly cooked and my mouth is watering just thinking of it.  The escargot was also very tasty (although I am admittedly not an expert on that particular appetizer).  And of course, as you will see from other reviews, the views from the patio (where we ate) are spectacular.  Not only do you get amazing views of the Bellagio fountains, but you also get spectacular views of the heart of the Vegas strip.  This would be an ideal place to bring a date or loved one, as the location is about as romantic as it gets.  It was a tad bit cold at night when we went, but the outside heaters helped a little (although if you sit near the street you will be outside the range of the heaters).  The one slight downside is that it did take a while for our food to come to our table, although to be fair they were jam packed.  Highly recommended and I would definitely go back again on my next trip to Vegas!Absolutely superb bread! I think the baguette and butter could have sufficed as a meal, for me. 

The steak au poivre was large, tender, succulent and peppery enough for my taste. The crunchy frites served with it I'm not really a fan of, essentially because of the texture. If your palate is not sensitive to crunchy food then I see no reason why you shouldn't enjoy them. 

Service was excellent; received multiple re-fills of water with my meal, and later, coffee (re-fills free, too).  Staff is very attentive, overall.This place is a gem on the strip! I've overlooked it in the past thinking it was just another tourist trap and the food couldn't possibly be that good.. but boy was I mistaken and am I glad I've rectified that mistake now!

I was scrambling to make a reservation for 9 people on my drive to Vegas from LA on a Saturday morning. There are not many brunch places that would take a reservation for 9 on such short notice, but Mon Ami was really great about arranging a table for us. They weren't able to sit us outside, which was a negative (at first), but I was just so thankful they could seat us at all that I accepted their offer!

When we got there and they took us to our table, we were pleasantly surprised. We had an awesome table in their semi-private room in front of a large window overlooking the entire strip. Given that it was summer in Vegas at noon, it was blaaazing hot outside and we were glad to be inside looking out.. so it all worked out anyway!

Our waitress was lovely. We ordered a couple bottles of champagne for the table with the pomegranate juice and orange juice.

The cinnamon pancakes came highly recommended from the waitress, so I had to get them. THEY WERE AMAZING. Soft, crunchy, warm, sweet - it was the perfect sweet component of my brunch. Of course I couldn't just get a sweet item (if you've read my other brunch reviews, you know I've got to have savory as well). I built my own crepe with artichokes, spinach and goat cheese. It was absolutely delicious - the crepe was perfect texture and left nothing to be desired.

I will come here again and recommend this place to everybody I know. I can't believe I've been overlooking this place for the past few years.. can't wait to try these items again!!

(Not even joking, my stomach just rumbled thinking about the food)This place was wonderful!! Came here with a group of 11 girls and we were running late which can easily spell disaster for a group with a schedule.  So, on a busy Saturday night we feared that we wouldn't be seated, let alone get quick enough service to allow us to keep to our schedule.  Thankfully, they were able to accommodate us! They seated us within about 10 minutes of arriving and our waitress (I feel terrible that I forgot her name) accommodated our every request!! She got us our food quickly, efficiently, and perfectly. She definitely deserved a five star rating on her own!! And the food...it was delicious!! Everyone was happy with their meal (a rare feat).  I ordered the steak...so juicy, tender and tasty!! I loved this place! Totally worth the price (which was reasonable in my opinion).  Great for groups ( also so rare!) based on our experience.This was my first stop arriving in on my early morning flight from the east coast. What's not to love about a charming Parisian style bistro for a spot of brunch? 

The atmosphere here is the best, the closest I've seen to France outside of the country itself. The service was quite fast but extremely courteous.

There is a wide selection of fresh espresso ($4), coffee ($4), orange juice ($4) and other juices, as well as a well procured drink list that I didn't partake in so early, even though people nearby definitely were.

For a light meal, I chose the yogurt parfait ($5.95) and pan au chocolat ($4). The parfait was made fresh, and not something that had sat in a fridge somewhere. The pan au chocolat was fresh baked, and tasted like it was fresh out of the oven, still warm with a slight chew. I believe it had some caramelized sugar on it, but all in all it was delightful.

Overall a great place, and probably my favorite in all the places I stopped at in Vegas.During the height of the "Bennifer" madness, back in 2002, I was having dinner here with my family and SHE came in to eat. It was neat watching the buzz spread around the restaurant, seeing the waitstaff all whispering, and then her being whisked into the patio room. Ahh memories. 

Well, the food was good then and it's still good. We have a Mon Ami Gabi in Chicago, but my husband and I had a $25 gift card and were trying to stay under budget in Vegas so we decided to come here anyway.

Where else can you get an awesome perfectly-cooked (medium rare) hangar steak with MERLOT butter (yumm) for under $20----wait, what!? Oh it's $10 more in Vegas. 

Since we were there for brunch anyways, we decided to skip the big steak. We still got the steamed artichoke (excellent as always) and tried the potato and brie soup. The soup was awesome! We also had the eggs benedict on steak which was really tasty, if a bit overcooked. The steak was really thin so it came out pretty well done. 

We also indulged in the blueberry sage martini which was fantastic. 3 drinks and all that food ended up at about $70. Not too bad for Vegas.Everything great, from the coffee, orange juice and the eggs simply amazing.

Very beautiful and Cousy. You feel like in Paris.Amazing gluten free eggs benedict! And amazing service! :) always a favorite when in town!Seriously delicious. We went here 2 days in a row for breakfast because it was soo good. Try the bananas foster waffles or the blueberry French toast. The nutella waffles didn't have as much nutella as they should have. Also, The "Big thin pancakes" are crepes, not pancakes just FYI.Had the Filet Mignon Merlot. Was so good it tasted like candy. Only downside was the fancy fries they put with the steak, keep it classy Mon Ami Gabi and get rid of that.food is good here, and a good price. The only complaint I have is that the tables are to close together. Our dinner included a little scene from a soap opera.. we had the front row seats. the couple next to us were arguing the whole time. but the server was attentive, customer service was good.We sought out a lunch place for after our Vegas arrival so we thought the view and food of Mon Ami Gabi would be a nice way to start the weekend. For the most part it was. We were told that if we wanted to get started now we could sit we could sit inside or wait 30 mins and sit outside. We were hungry so screw it we'll sit inside...we walked..and walked...and walked and found ourselves outside much to our surprise! So we were in the covered patio. Perfect - just barely under the awning, avoiding the scorching Sun. 

This is definitely a place to be seen...especially if your penchant for attention-whoredom is working on whatever day you're there.

The service here is pretty good - despite forgetting a beer that got hidden behind several other drinks, our waitress was very knowledgeable about the wine selections and even let me taste before deciding. I think that deserves some merit. Their wine of the week was a Layercake Cotes-du-Rhone. Apparently the wine maker came from Barossa valley in Australia but started a vineyard in France. Very good with the food.

On to the food! Started with the butter lettuce salad with citrus vinaigrette. There is something that feels sophisticated about cutting your lettuce up rather than just constantly stabbing at veggies. My girl thought the dressing was too oily. I liked it and thought it was pretty good but nothing that would blow you away. It was a bit too warm for soup but the french onion soup looked as good as the Yelp reviews made it sound from looking at what others were ordering. For our main courses we shared sandwiches - they had a special which was a turkey sandwich with brie and orange marmalade. Sounded great so we got that. Everything was pretty good except the turkey. I thought it was a bit of a step up from butterball. It wasn't bad, but I thought they should put a bit more effort into that turkey.

The Croque Monsieur here is AMAZING. Holy crap - I've had these several times before...maybe at 4-5 different restaurants but this was far and away the best. The cheese gratinee on top was great - the ham was very flavorful. If you're in the mood for a sandwich you need to try this sandwich. They'll do it "Madame" style if you prefer as well.

Great lunch spot - comparing it to something more local to me, like left bank, I'd say this appears to have much of the same appeal - (what is supposed) standard french fare with the to-be-expected American concessions. Definitely a relaxing, memorable experience.I LOVED this place. Came here for my birthday dinner with 12 other of my friends. Be sure to reserve early for a big group. We didn't get much of a view since reservations are only for indoor dining, but the experience was still great.

The steaks are so tasty.

Rib Eye with au poivre instead of the bearnaise sauce. Boyfriend's dish. So glad we switched the sauces! The peppercorn sauce is so tasty, the sauce complements the steak very well. It comes with a side of fries that are more like chips! it's so crunchy, my boyfriend finished his whole portion.

Sea Scallops - My scallops could have been seared a bit more brown, but still well cooked. It came with a side of asparagus and butternut squash puree. The puree was just okay, not as flavorful. I used my boyfriends peppercorn sauce to make up. :p

Steak Bordelaise - i tried this dish from my friend and YUM! The onions were very sweet and savory. Really good balance with the steak.

I was able to try most of the other sauces and they were all very tasty. My favorite is still the peppercorn sauce.

Overall, this is one restaurant in Vegas that I would definitely come back to. The prices are reasonable and the food is wonderful.Had a great time here. I ordered the French onion soup because I heard it was great. Normally I don't like French onion soup and while I didn't love it I liked it more than any other I'd ever had before. For dinner I had steak frites au poivre with a glass of Beaujolais. The pairing worked well and the food was tasty. The steak was cooked just as I had ordered it, and despite being pounded VERY thin (something I usually don't like) it was actually very well done (medium rare but prepared like I want it). The frites were quite good as well and there were a ton of them. The coolest part is that you can sit out on the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains. Cool atmosphere. Good food. If you can get on the patio do it.I don't know how authentic is the French cuisine is here. It is Las Vegas after all but I had a nice dinner here. I had the Caramelized Scallops and it was delicious. We also shared the Warm Chocolate Cake and it was really good.  You can taste the chocolate flavor and the warm chocolate sauce in the middle of the cake. I highly recommend that you should have your meal outside unless it is raining.  You will have  a great view of the fountains from the Bellagio Hotel across the street. The place offers great food and good service.Dined here recently with a group of five.  Had an excellent waiter, that was always present without being overbearing.  Most of us had the steak frites, and everyone was generally impressed.  I went with the Steak Roquefort, which was thin and tasty and had a large helping of fries.  The fries were a little on the thin cut crispy side for my liking.  The prices were good for Vegas and the meal was accompanied by wine, a decent chocolate mousse and coffee at the end.My girlfriend and I opted to dine here Christmas night, and are SO glad that we did. Talk about a wonderfully-appointed restaurant with a polite, professional staff to match. The food is absolute bliss in your mouth, and sitting on the patio, we were treated to a multi-billion dollar view. 

Being that it was Christmas night, the restaurant was fairly busy, and so, even though I'd made reservations a week and a half early, we still ended up waiting about 20 minutes extra to be seated; no big deal - it happens. However, it would have been a different story had we needed to get to a show or something. 

We were seated on the outside patio, which was very chilly, but under heat lamps, our table was very comfortable. The patio of Mon Ami is directly across from Bellagio, which gives you a tremendous view of the fountains - the classiest thing on the Strip. The way the buildings are situated, it's relatively easy to hear the soundtrack for the fountain show, which is really cool. 

Our server was really nice; attentive, very personable and professional. She was friendly and not overly chatty, and made us feel very welcome, even though the restaurant was packed. 

The bread that is brought to the table is wonderful; fresh, warm and baked just right. The butter served isn't very soft, but it wasn't concrete either; what a yummy appetizer! They DO bring more bread if you'd like, so don't be shy. 

I had the Hanger Steak, which comes topped with a merlot butter and a mountain of Mon Ami's signature fries - "frites" - which were simply amazing to begin with, but when used to mop up the steak's juice and left-over butter... beautiful! The steak was prepared medium-rare and was a TAD on the chewy side; but that was the cut, not a ding toward the cooks. It was very tasty and absolutely filling.

My girlfriend had the Steak Classique, which came topped with maitre  d'hôtel butter as well as a mound of frites. Hers was also cooked medium-rare, and was perfect. In fact, the taste was so rich, she barely used any of the butter at all. 

I had a Blue Moon beer and she had a glass of Mon Ami's Frangria, which she adored. 

We didn't have dessert because we thought that would come elsewhere (which it didn't - damn that booze and gambling). 

All in all, the bill came to about $70 bucks for the dinner. For a great meal, I'd say between $70-150 should be expected at Mon Ami Gabi. However, with the amazing ambience, incredibly nice staff and outstanding food, it's a price gladly paid on a special occasion, and we WILL be back again. 

Definitely wait to sit on the outside patio if you have the time; it's absolutely worth it. Pure magic!Love,  love this place!
Best spot for breakfast in Las Vegas.
Friendly, attentive service and a great innovative menu.
Try sitting outside and people watch while enjoying a wonderful Bloody Mary and even more 
wonderful egg's benidict.Mon Ami Gabi is located in Paris hotel and it looks like a pretty traditional French restaurant. It's very spacious on the inside with lots of tables. Don't worry about not being able to get one.

== Food ==

Mussels and fries. Delicious sauce! Creamy with a hint of wine in it. Bread's free here so dip that into the sauce! Mussels were decent size and were pretty good.  French fries were some kind of criss-cut fries.

Oysters. Nothing special about these guys but they are delicious. The oysters were interestingly pretty fresh considering that it's in the middle of no where...

== Service ==

Service was good. Tentative and friendly. The food take a while to come out since they bring everything at once.

== Overall ==

My stomach is really happy but my wallet is really sad. Doing a mussel and oyster combo is a big drain on funds, but it was great food.Great experience and excellent food! Sat out on the patio for brunch, perfect weather.Being a new resident of Las Vegas (Previously residing in Los Angeles) & a major Brunch foodie I was really excited to try Mon Ami Gabi!! 

It offered great view of the strip (Patio seating offers view of the Bellagio Water fountain and its glory) Unfortunately we sat inside the restaurant, which was still really nice. 

My friend had the Salmon, Leek & Quinoa which was delicious, perfectly seasoned and the Quinoa was also on point. (a friend suggested that ordering salmon is a waste of an entree being extremely easy to cook) good tip? what do you think?

I had the Gabi Fish(breaded) & Frites which was OKAY, everything i order seems to be breaded these days (accidental) i will definitely ask for details next time, the frites were delicious!

Service was phenomenal, our waitress was extremely friendly (i hate not remembering names but thank you!) 

Being a major coffee addict, I was really excited seeing intelligentsia beans and that they sell them by the pound (20$) but my iced coffee was watered down (boo) if anyone knows of a good coffee place off the strip please let me know!

Overall a good brunch place and very inexpensive by LA standards, will come again for dinnerfirst of all I should tell you this French restaurant deserve a lots of credit since they offer the fantastic and tasteful food exactly the way you get in Paris France. The mussels and escargots are to die for combined with the hot Baguette, then you can have multiple choices of steaks with different sauce. And don't forget to order crème Brule and profitrolles.What a great restaurant! Inside and out has great ambiance! We made a reservation for dinner and were seated inside but were just at the big open doors for the patio with a view of the strip and Bellagio, great spot!!! Our table enjoyed the Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce), Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction) and Steak Bearnaise. Everything was delicious but my personal fav was the Filet Mignon Merlot, delicious and highly recommend!!!! We substituted our side for the Whipped Cauliflower and the Sauteed Mushrooms, both excellent choices!!!!This place has NEVER done me wrong! Best bistro in town. Gorgeous views of the Bellagio fountain and the hustle and bustle of the strip. They have an amazing wine list, and make FRICKIN amazing French martinis.The steak was excellent, but in the end the bill can reflect the fact that the restaurant is on the Strip!Mon Ami Gabi has a fabulous location on the strip with Patio seating for fun people watching, glass house seating to avoid harsh weather, or indoor seating. 
This is one of the only French restaurants on the strip that is NOT incredibly expensive. 
With that being said their menu offers more casual french cuisine. 

I recommend Mon Ami Gabi for brunch over dinner. Their brunch menu has a wide variety of savory and sweet dishes. I was satisfied with everything at brunch. 
Their dinner I was not impressed with as much. 
I ordered the liver pate, escargot, steak and frites. 
The highlight of my dinner was the escargot. 
I felt the entree left more to Desire in quality and taste. Perhaps next time I will try a different steak. 
Definitely go for brunch, dinner I might pick somewhere else.Had a great meal. Got the Dijon Steak Frites. The only issue I had was that when they say the plate in front of me something splatter on my shirt. So my recommendation don't wear a white shirt. But go, you will enjoy it. Service was great.I decided to give Mon Ami Gabi a try last week, when I had to cover a conference on The Strip. I needed a decent brunch, and Paris was nearby.

Fortunately, Mon Ami had an appetizing brunch menu ready. I decided to try the mushroom & leek omelette. The mushrooms & eggs were cooked quite well. In addition, the dish came with a side of beautifully roasted cherry tomatoes that added an extra kick of flavor. On top of that, the rosemary toast rounded out the plate quite well.

When they say they'll serve you a bowl of cappuccino, they mean it! That "XL cup of joe" definitely helped in keeping me alert throughout the day, and the coffee was good quality as well.

All in all, I was quite content with my weekday brunch at Mon Ami. I might have to return soon to try the lunch or dinner menu.Great for date night, sit outside, sip on a glass of wine, enjoy an amazing meal and watch the beautiful bellagio fountain do its thing. 
Can't wait to go back ...I've never really had French food so it doesn't take much to impress me!!

The Duck Confit was so crispy and good, the Croque Madame was just perfection! Happiness in every bite, cheesy, crunchy, egg yokey good.

The Pomme Frites were on point, super crispy just the way I like!

There happened to be a theme at this restaurant - CRISPY!

Husband and I had a great time, admiring the view of the strip and eating our crispy food.This is the best steak house that I've been so far! I found this place by checking Yelp while my hubby and I were spending a few days in Vegas. We got there without a reservation. It only took 15 min to get a table. It was too hot to be in the patio from where you'd had a nice view of the Bellagio's water show. We stayed inside, our table was right at the corner by the main entrance. It was just perfect spot. While we waited for our table, we decided to get a cocktail. The bartender recommended us a refreshing, sweet, bubbling drink St Germain spritz cocktail, perfect to have on summer nights. We took our drinks to the table. The waiter told us about the additions to the menu they had but we already decided what to had. 
Fresh baked Baguette bread in a paper bag arrived first to our table, I loved it. It took another 15 min to have our entrees, I had a au provie brandy peppercorn sauce medium well term, it was cooked to the perfection, mash potatoes and water crest, loved that combination and my husband had a Bone-In Ribeye
22oz with bearnaise sauce. Absolutely delicious  dinner, great location, casual environment with a touch of fine exquisite taste. I recommend this place for a casual dinner with friends or romantic dinner with your partner. Prices are $$ 
I'd loved to go again on my next trip to Vegas.French toast is like a dessert, hash browns are delicious, and the view is great!  (Try to get a seat by the patio)The waitress was so friendly! Me and my friends ordered NY steak and fillet mignon.
Both were delicious!!! Our table was by the street so little bit noisy but great view from Bellagio fountain show! It was a nice restaurant but they accept our casual attire. We just came back from Grand Canyon so our outfit was like athletic style but it was no problem. We had a great time at here!!You will have a good time at Mon Ami as long as you remember to:

Ask the waiter for bread, they charge for it. (waiting for bread on an already served plate is annoying)
If you like coffee, be sure to let them know to keep your cup full or you will have to wait a long time between refills.
Be patient, it is always crowded and service is not that good (the food is, though).
Make a reservation if you are going in the weekend.
Outside tables are not guaranteed, even with a reservation.

If you remember the list above, you can't go wrong!I am really pleased with this nail salon. They are always very sweet and enthusiastic. Really enjoy this salon and will be a valuable customer.This is my go-to restaurant in Vegas! I eat there at least on every time I go. You really can't beat the service for the price and the food is amazing. There is something for everyone on the menu. I felt like I was at a fancy 5 star restaurant. Amazing!I love this place! I will definitely come here again if I ever return to Vegas. I cam here on a Wednesday morning with my mom. I heard about this place through Yelp. At first my mom did not want to come here, but we were so hungry we settled for this place. I had the strawberry waffle with a side of bacon while my mom had a market berry waffle with a side of bacon. I love every single thing about my order. The presentation of the waffles was so nice. Rather than serving a whole waffle, the chefs cut it up and arrange it in a beautiful way. The whipped cream came on the side. The waffle was so light and crispy. The bacon was amazing! It was thick, yet crispy. And there was a sweetness to it. My mom loved the bacon as well saying "I'd go there again just for the bacon!" This place is a bit pricey, but it was well worth it. I wouldn't have gotten full off of the waffle alone, so that side of bacon was necessary. The staff is very attentive as well.One of my lovely coworkers brought me here for breakfast and we were seated on the terrace overlooking the strip on a warm sunny day. The atmosphere was wonderful! 

We both had coffee and shared a coffee cake. They give you a generous piece which makes it a great item to share as it's delicious with the coffee.

We were both in the mood for eggs benedict, so my coworker had a regular Eggs Benedict and I had a Crab Cake Eggs Benedict. The food was fabulous. The quality of the food for the price is great, especially considering the location!

The reason I didn't give a 5-star review is because of the service. It wasn't bad, it was just too casual for the restaurant and the waitress seemed rather unprofessional.Best Eggs Benedict EVERRRRRRRR, house made fresh english muffins and talk about atmosphere, sitting outside in of the Bellagio fountain, PERFECTION.As we arrived we were greeted by employees. As you should in any restaurant. Water was immediately offered. Bread was dropped off which was warm, crispy and chewy in the middle. We ordered the patte, it was not have much iron flavor. You could barely tell there was liver. Still tasted great. Atmosphere was very enjoyable. Ordered the steaks and was cooked correctly to our liking.  Overall great experience, great service, great food. 

What i loved most was my glass of water was never empty. 


Hanger steak 27$
Beef wellington 40$
Prime steak 29$
Patte 17$
Ex. Of what we ordered.My friends and I came here. It was very busy, luckily I made reservations. We were sat out on the patio. It does have a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. I had the steak frita with the brandy peppercorn sauce and it was amazing. I am not sure if the lunch menu is different from dinner but the steak is not a traditional size. It's very thin but the meal is very filling. I would like to go back and try their brunch and dinner.Delicious food with a view :))

Great food, watched the Bellagio's fountain shows; chatted with happy tourists... Can't ask for more :))I'm so happy that I finally try this place. The escargots are amazing. Crepes are just phenomenal. I love love love this place~My wife and I just celebrated our seventh anniversary at Mon Ami Gabi.  The food, service, atmosphere, and wine selection are among the best in a city that is not hurting for good restaurants.  Breakfast and lunch are quite good here but for a special night out, a bottle of French red on the table and the spectacular water fountains of the Bellagio hotel just across the street - it is very hard to beat.  We had the goat cheese appetizer and shared the chilled seafood platter with a couple of vegetable side dishes served a la carte.  I want to go back and try the Grandmere chicken specialty dish some time.  Service was attentive and prompt.  The dining room was bustling but never felt too loud or crowded and every table had a great view of the fountains.  Couldn't ask for a better night out.  We will be back.had the chicken grandmere and a side of sauteed mushrooms.  mushrooms were awesomeeeeee.  the chicken was ok.  it was a little dry but some parts were so juicy.  my friends had the filet mignon and one of the steaks and they loved itExcellent service. Food was great. We sat outside and got to see the fountains at the Bellagio several times.Really enjoyed their special crepes w fresh berries today. Also had the breakfast trio which was refreshing and the classic breakfast w eggs, bacon, and hashbrown. Beautiful view of Bellagio but we were having breakfast so didn't get a chance to see the water show from here.Enjoyed the patti melt burger, but the white chocolate bread pudding was a bit of a let down.Had another great meal. Service was great and food was delicious. 

For breakfast we had:

Warm baguette. Amazing.
Chicken, apple, Brie crepe was delicious. Savory and slightly sweet.
Also had an amazing omelette. 

We'll be back.
Consistently knocks it out of the park. Went back and had another amazing breakfast. Try bananas foster waffles. Not overly sweet somehow and so delicious.Excellent bread, scallops, wine, and profiteroles!!!!! Great ambiance. Wish I could eat there every day! :)I wish I could eat at Mon Ami Gabi every day! I absolutely adore food, service and atmosphere there.Mon Ami Gabi made me reminisce about all the fabulous times i had in Paris. The layout of restaurant is almost exactly like the bistros in France. Our table had the best view of the Bellagio water show and on a warm summer day.. ah.. it was so chic (=
It was a really busy night and thank god i made reservations on yelp earlier in the day! Even though there was so much people, our waiter was still very accommodating. This is what we had for our dinner:

Grilled pork tenderloin - The pork was so tender! (= and the sauce that came with it was divine. The caramelized onion sauce had the sweet aroma of onion with a little touch of wine. The tomato-bacon farci that came with it was light and crisp, which paired perfectly with the pork.
Filet Mignon- Oh my god! this must of been one of the most tenderest steaks i have ever eaten in my life! It was cooked perfectly medium-rare just like how the French do it. The Filet mignon basically melted like butter on my tongue. (=Yesterday, my wife, Fran and I went back to celebrate her birthday.  We last went to Mon Ami Gabi in August of 2014. We waited to long to return.

Some people call me a "foodie". Basically because I love to go to different restaurants. Fran and I have been to several different places along Las Vegas Boulevard. Today the weather was perfect with a good strong breeze. I suggested we try someplace with patio dining. Fran, who was driving decided we were going to Mon Ami Gabi.

In all the places we have eaten, ZACH was easily the most professional of servers we have ever encountered. I honestly hope he sees this review, he does deserve the praise.

Okay, on to the meals...

Fran ordered the Prime Steak sandwich with caramelized onions and peppercorn mayo. 
She enjoyed every last bite. The first time we went to Mon Abi Gabi, I ordered the Steak sandwich and immediately took note of the long cut made through the sandwich. I the meal was "just what the doctor ordered." I am kinda surprised I didn't order it a second time. But since Fran ordered it I decided to try something different.

I ordered the Pulled Pork Brisket Banh Mi sandwich. Served with sriracha mayo and pickled vegetables, and cilantro. There was a little more mayo then I like, but it was easily overlooked after a bite or two, It's a sandwich you will have to lick your fingers while devouring.

We both had hand cut frites with out meal. So far only a few places on Las Vegas Boulevard would I say were better than these. (Feel free to ask for the other places)

In closing I would just like to say...

I work in a casino and when people ask my advice for a good place to go eat. Mon Ami Gabi is usually one of the first places I would suggest. 

Great place to feel that "Las Vegas experience".

Great view for the Bellagio Fontains, people watching, or maybe even that significant other sitting on the other side of the table from you.

Great selections on the menu. Decent prices that won't empty your wallet or purses.

I would suggest, when taking a trip to Las Vegas, put Mon Ami Gabi on you bucket list for places to go eat. Read lessStill amazingly consists and delish after all these years! The warm baguette with butter and a glass of wine always hits the spot!
The chicken liver pate and steaks are still a way to go! Love this place!Great experience for brunch. Since I went there by myself waiters didn't pay much attention to me and my drinks were taking longer that other bigger tables that ordered after me. 

Had the caramelized apple waffles with a side of country sausage and it was amazing... Waffles were crispy and flavorful, the apples' tartness complimented the maple syrup so well! Whipped cream was so fresh and light, yet with a very rich flavor. 

Definitely a must when visiting Vegas!I've been wanting to go to Mon Ami Gabi for a long time now, especially since my last visit to Vegas was a stay at Paris. I know all my friends always stop here, so I just HAD to check it out.

Anyway, we came here for breakfast on a Friday morning around 10:30. The patio looked full when we got there, however, we got seated right away! It was low 60s, maybe mid 60s, but the heated patio made it an absolutely amazing experience! Our table was directly across the Bellagio fountains, so not only were we enjoying the delicious food and great weather, but we also had a fantastic view! At that moment, life could not get any better ;-)

I ordered a mimosa and the smoked salmon eggs Benedict. I don't know if it was the mimosa, or just my mood, but it was THE BEST Benedict I have ever eaten ANYWHERE! mmm... My boyfriend had the ham & cheese crepes which he also said were amazing. Our server was very attentive and was super pleasant, so no complaints there! The prices were absolutely reasonable considering the fact that it is Vegas after all.

I know there is a M A G in Chicago which I will def check out soon, but nothing beats this Mon Ami Gabi's location on the strip... I will be back here next time and try their dinner menu. I want to give it 5 stars, but I will just have to wait and write an update :)Came here before going to see a show at the MGM.  Loved it!  Had a scallop appetizer, endive salad, and fillet Mignon.  

The Gabitini (vodka martini with blue cheese olives) was delicious. 

We were lucky and got to sit right inside the windows facing the Bellagio fountain.  (Would have wanted to sit outside but it was COLD in Vegas).

The service was charming and the food was wonderful.  I look forward to coming back someday!Came here for breakfast and had one of the best omelette's I've ever had. The eggs were fluffy and cooked perfectly. My gf had the Benedict with chive hollandaise. We added a croissant that was crispy and buttery. It's a little pricey but it's Vegas so what do you expect. Can't wait to back for dinner!!!!!!! Oh the hash browns were some of  the best I ever had.Okay... I B Messi-can....
and mexican food to me is just what i eat at  home...
Very few places have great food...
This is one of those places...
LOVE this place... Great food, 
If you want good Food you won't be disappointed....I have to say, I was wayyy impressed!

The BF and I arrived in Vegas Saturday morning and the first thing we did was rush our asses to Mon Ami Gabi because he has been raving and ranting about how delish this place is. I was skeptical, but his stomach has good taste, so I went along.

We got there around 10:15am and was told we'd have a 30 minute wait, which meant they couldn't guarantee us the breakfast menu (which ends at 11am). Poo. He really wanted the eggs benedict.

BUT we were seated in about 15 minutes in a cozy little corner of the patio. Our server promptly got our drink orders (coffee for me and mimosas for both). She took our orders and didn't even flinched when the BF asked for smoked salmon in his eggs and I replaced the turkey in my omelette with mushrooms. 

The omelette was AMAZING! They put chives and cilantro on it which gave it an extra kick and made it tastier than I could've possible imagined up myself. Apparently the BF's eggs were so good he polished off his entire plate (what a fatty =P). 

To top it off, the waitress gladly gave me a to go cup of a refill of coffee to send us on our way.

Great food, perfect service.. this place definitely deserves 5 stars!!Amazing Steak Frites!!!  Great bread!  Saving my carbs for my next visti....Probably the best Steak Frites I've had anywhere, and the staff is usually darn great... not always...but mostly.... don't love the selection of white wines but you'll always find a good red on the cart....Mon Ami NEVER disappoints me
Large wine list ,,,with a good selection of reasonably priced wines
Salads always fresh and inventive with the seasons...same for soups....Cream of mushroom rich and creamy 
Frites always crisp and tasty..not greasy
Complimentary bread always warm and FRESH and CRISP....
Accompanying tapenade tasty and fresh
My favorites: any of the fresh fish
                      Hamburger moist and well-seasoned
Breakfast menu has plenty of reasonable entrees
Professional, friendly,knowledgeable servers
Fun to sit on the patioWhether it is la petite dejeuner or dejeuner, Mon Ami Gabi is a consistent imitation of a classic french styled bistro. A must under the faux Tour de Eiffel on the strip, Lincoln Park Chicago or home for us in Bethesda (DC area). Je voudrais Le Pan, French Martinis, Les Moules, Frittes, Seafood Crepes, Profiteroles (a must dessert) or Skate (yum). Do not sleep on their Happy Hour either!I was really excited to eat here last weekend while I was in Vegas with my girlfriends. I had come here back in June with my boyfriend but I happened to get super sick that day, so I couldn't eat anything. I wasn't about to let anything stand in my way this time! It was my best friends birthday celebration so we made a reservation and headed over to Paris. There was a wait as they said they were running behind, so we grabbed a buzzer and waited about 5 minutes. We were shown to our table which was right next to a window (and a vent)...us being girls and ready for a night on the town, our party dresses weren't exactly adequate for the temperature in there. We were frozen but determined to enjoy ourselves. We actually ended up asking if we could be moved because the inner part of the restaurant was a lot warmer, and there were some empty tables. Our server told us that the restaurant was full but she could bring us napkins/tablecloths to wrap ourselves in. WTF??? We ended up moving to the table right beside ours which offered some mild relief. We ordered drinks and started with the warm brie as an appie. and it was amazing. The bread brought to our table was rock hard and difficult to eat/cut...after we had a few pieces, our server took our plates before we got the Brie so we had nothing to eat on. For our mains I ordered the beef medallions wrapped in bacon, they were awesome. All of the food tasted heavenly, but our server never once returned to our table to ask how things were. We actually had to flag her down at one point because we were finished and one of us wanted to order something else. They did bring out a little dessert with a candle for my besties birthday, which I thought was sweet. The food was truly exceptional but the service was pretty brutal. However, I'll likely come back to sit on the patio for that gorgeous view. Perhaps we just had an off night with a bad server.After visiting a few times, the verdict is..this restaurant is definitely mon ami!

The first time I went was for brunch. I made a reservation in advance so I was able to request a table on the patio. It was wonderful to dine outside with the sun shining, a front row seat to the Bellagio fountain show, and a great view for people watching. 

Now for the food..they served baguettes as the free bread! They were all warm and toasty in cute paper bags, like something you'd get from a bakery. I ordered the croque monsieur, which was pretty good. What I really enjoyed was the french fries that came on the side. They had an interesting flat shape which made them super crispy on the outside but still soft and chewy on the inside.

The next time I went was for dinner. I had the steak frites which was perfectly cooked and it was a very generous portion for the price of $25.95. The best part was, they let me have multiple sauces on the side at no extra cost. I tried the peppercorn sauce and the caramelized onion, red wine sauce; both were delicious. The baguettes were still free, unlimited, and just as good as I remembered.

The third time I went was for happy hour. I had 2 glasses of sangria, pate, and yes I had me some free baguettes. Then, I ended my very happy two hours with a warm chocolate pudding with salted caramel cream. It was absolutely decadent.

Au Revoir mon ami, until next time!It was my birthday and at the advice of his brother who had been in Vegas the weekend before us, my husband decided we should have dinner at Mon Ami...and I am SO glad we did..We both had the filet mignon merlot and I am still remembering the taste now two days later...lol...It was SO good and the red wine reduction was perfect. Next time we're planning on trying their breakfast/brunchWow! Great restaurant. My wife and I reserved a table for two for breakfast on a recommendation from a local. The breakfast was absolutely off the hook. Everything was great, I had eggs and hash browns and my wife had crepes. Mmmmmm! The fruit platter with creme fraiche and mint syrup on the side was a great way to end our brunch. The staff were very nice and helpful and knowledgeable. The food was so delicious we decided to have our last dinner there, which between my wife and I is very rare since we love to try new restaurants every chance we get and there sure is a huge variety to choose from there in Las Vegas. Dinner for two with appetizers and a bottle of wine was very reasonable and the food soooo delicious. Try the French Onion Soup, best I've ever had. Complete dinner for two with a shared dessert and a shot of espresso was well south of two bills. Coming from San Francisco, this caliber of restaurant would have been over two bills.

You gotta make reservations if you want to be seated right away. The best part, it was so easy to do so over yelp, made our reservations the same day a few hours before we went. This was on a week day so I recommend advanced reservations on a weekend or busy day.This is one of my mom's favorite restaurants in town, so we all went there for her most recent birthday party.  The service was great, we enjoyed the waiter's enthusiasm and courtesy. The meal was also very good.  First time trying escargot and I have to say it was quite a treat. The onion soup was also a hit, great flavor with a perfect amount of cheese baked over the top. The only reason I am not giving this 5 stars is because they discontinued my mom's favorite dish, so she was somewhat disappointed.  We all ended up having a great meal and a great time nonetheless and will come back.Had lunch here which was really good. The atmosphere of the restaurant is great, busy but comfortable. saw carrot top and george wallace at a table next to us.  went here for breakfast the next day which again was really good. We had reservations for lunch but did not for breakfast. For lunch we waited about 5 mins to be seated.  People who didn't have reservations were waiting for awhile so make sure to make reservations for lunch especially on the weekends. for breakfast we were seated inside with no reservations, which wasn't that bad, but sitting out in the patio is much better especially on a nice day.Everyone in your party must be present before you can be seated. Luckily, they don't have some odd policy about showing up late for a reservation.

I already liked the place as soon as I walked in... a candle at every table created a relatively peaceful environment as opposed to the noisy and busy Las Vegas lifestyle.

I started off with soup du jour (soup of the day) which was chilled potato soup with bread crumbs. It did not suit my taste at all. I had 1/3 spoonful and that was the end of it. I feel terrible for wasting food like that, but I couldn't stand it, and I'm even a huge fan of potato-related food!

For my entree, I ordered Sea Scallops, and I must say it was delicious. It was a plate of 5 or 6 pieces of baked scallops in veloute sauce, mushrooms, and asparagus. Though the portion was quite small, I enjoyed every bite.

Unfortunately my friends didn't have a very wonderful time with their steak orders, two of which were Steak Au Poivre and Bearnaise. On the bright side, those orders came with their signature hand-cut fries. And man oh man, those were crisp, chew, and addicting!

Also, we had a pretty nice view of the Bellagio fountain!I'm sure my rating won't contribute much to the huge pool of reviews this fancy pants French bistro has amassed over the years...but I don't give a French. 

I came for lunch, although I intended to drop by in the evening because everyone raves about the spectacular views of the Bellagio Fountains show across the street. However, time did not permit so I decided that I would come for the food, not the views. Don't get me wrong, if you sit in the patio during the daytime, there is still plenty of pretty scenery for you. It's just easy to imagine how much better the views are during the night. 

Anyway, onto the food! My partner and I opted for two sandwiches: Maine Lobster Roll and the Sandwich Du Jour (sandwich of the day). Quick tip: warm sandwiches are served with Mon Ami Gabi's renowned hand-cut frites, while cold sandwiches are served with gaufrette potato chips (AKA waffle fries). These are less acclaimed but still great.

The Maine Lobster Roll is served on a toasted brioche roll, accompanied with a side of red cabbage salad. If y'all did your research, you would know that Maine (and Northern New England) generally serves their lobster meat cold. Thus, our lobster roll was served with the gaufrette potato chips. I was expecting the hand-cut frites. It's no biggie though because I'm an equal opportunity fried potatoes consumer. These waffle fries were crisp and tasty. I didn't like the lobster roll because it was too buttery and rich for me but my boyfriend had no trouble devouring it. The roll was also smaller than I expected--hence, less lobster meat than what I anticipated. 

Our Sandwich Du Jour, on the other hand, was sensational! It was a seared ahi tuna sandwich served on a baguette with hand-cut frites. The ahi tuna was delicately seared on the outside, and left rare in the middle. It had a velvety texture. The mayo sauce contained a bit of zest and a lot of flavor. The baguette was hard but also packed a crunch. Now to the famous frites! I understand why they're famous: perfectly thin-cut slivers of potatoes and lightly seasoned with salt. These babies were fried to a beautiful golden brown. 

The patio seats are highly touted so the restaurant doesn't accept reservations for outdoor seating; they're on a first-come, first-served basis. Yes, the views are lovely but don't forget about the dishes! It's definitely one of the best meals I've had in Vegas. Service was all right. Prices are on the higher end but totally worth it--whether you're there for the view or the food.The food was good! I'll admit that it didn't blow me away, but it was still very good food. Our server was charismatic, talkative, and overall awesome, which made it a great experience. One of the best parts of the experience was the view: right in front of the Bellagio and it's water show. You can't beat it. Overall great experience.Love this place!  Great location overlooking the Belagio water show. A great romantic and relaxing environment, great service and great food!  Make reservations!  This place is always busy! Be brave and try a new dish! Dress how you like but dressy is more appropriate for this restaurant!Some stuff like our cheese appetizer was a bit pricy, but the food and service was excellent. We would definitely eat there again.I've waited years to experience this restaurant, and I can't believe I waited so long.  Everything was scrumptious.  Party of four, we started with the onion soup, escargo, hand cut potato chips, and baked scallops.  The potato chips were served with a side of bleu cheese, the escargo (to my liking) was unaccompanied by their shells, and the scallops - wish there were more than 3 on the plate.  The onion soup - WOW!  The best french onion I've ever had in my life.

Our courses includes Steak frittes, chicken palliard, and a fresh sea bass (which always troubles me - Las Vegas is a desert - how fresh could the fish really be?)  The steak frittes is a chopped steak with one of 3 sauce choices, we went with peppercorn, the frittes - eh not so good - basically they were really deep fried potato sticks.  We ordered a side of mashed garlic potatoes instead.  The chicken - great lemon flavor, a bit dry on the edges, but the french beans were crunchy and perfect.  The Sea Bass (I heard) was tasty.  

DESSERT - bananas foster, bread pudding, and profiteroles.  Every dish had ice cream on it (which was kind of boring).  The bread pudding was the table fave - very light, with some caramel, and golden raisins.

Service - was great, no complaints.

I do advise - all the food is heavy, so definitely allow yourself some recovery time from this enjoyable food.   Our meal lasted 4 hours - all of the food was timed perfectly.

For a light refreshment try the Sage tea...I had it iced.I'm giving it 4 but I want to give it 3. The Eggs Benedict was blah. Based on the reviews I was expecting it to be good. I went for breakfast with a child. The child breakfast menu is actually a dinner menu. Obviously Paste for breakfast wasn't going to work. The waitress recommend waffles for our kid then charged us the full adult price for it. Why not just make a kids menu?We went to Vegas for a four day, three night birthday vacation. I had done some research online about restaurants offering gluten free options near Bally's Hotel and Casino. Nothing could have prepared me for how amazing the food was. We went on a Monday mid morning with no reservations (that's just how we roll), and we're told it was a 15 minute wait. They gave us a buzzer which worked out nicely because we had just gotten to Las Vegas the night before and we're eager to gamble. 

The patio is awesome in the morning. It was just my boyfriend and I, and it was super romantic. I'm sure it is even better at night!

The champagne Bellini's hit the spot, and the coffee I had was the best of the whole trip. My boyfriend had a latte, which was frothed to perfection. 

The gluten free bread was delicious. Where most alternatives to flour leave you wanting LESS, this definetly left me wanting more. It was a great addition to my 3 eggs and bacon breakfast. And it wasn't dry at all!!

Zach had the smoked salmon benedict. The salmon was soft and literally melted on your tongue. Also, a very generous portion of salmon!

We definetly spent more time here relaxing and people watching than we intended too. It was such a treat, we ate here AGAIN for breakfast on my birthday! 

That's when the corned beef hash changed my life. If you like corned beef hash, this IS the dish for you. The beef was so soft, but lightly crunched on the outside. Giving it that perfect bite. 

French atmosphere, people watching, gluten free dining not your thing? The food speaks for itself. If your looking for quality service and consistently good food, this is your placeWow. Amazing Service. I came for my birthday with a party of 13 and they got one of my friend's orders wrong. Not only did they take his meal off the tab, they gave him a free appetizer to munch on while he waited. So considerate. I wish more restaurants would treat their guests this way. 

Everyone enjoyed their meals and the group consensus was that this was a great place. I highly recommend it.OH MY GOSH........ :)))))) YUM!

Every time I visit Las Vegas (at least once a year) I have to eat at Mon Ami Gabi or I'll get EXTREMELY GRUMPY AND UPSET.  The taste and price for the courses are unbeatable!  If you get a good seat on the patio you could watch the water show at Caesar's Palace - really romantic!  I've been here for anniversaries, birthdays, New Years, and well... any time I can actually.  

My two favorite must-have dishes are:

FILET MIGNON MERLOT
For steak, you MUST order this particular entree.  It is the only one I love to eat and only $35.   Compared to the other steak restaurants in Vegas this is a fantastic deal and the red wine reduction sauce is savory and not too heavy.  All steak dishes come with some crunchy thin steak frites that were kind of weird at first but I eventually learned to love.  Please order this!  I've tried almost all of them and the Filet Mignon Merlot is the best!

BAKED GOAT CHEESE
I recently had this dish and for something so simple I was blown away.  All it is is delicious goat cheese in a warm tomato soup served with fresh garlic bread.  I was so heartbroken when I couldn't eat this again because I was short on time my last trip :(.  This is an amazing starter/appetizer  I am determined to order it on my next visits to LV.

The free bread and dip they serve at the beginning of the meal is delicious as well.  Almost everything I've tried here was made to perfection and I was never disappointed.  

CHEF TERRY LYNCH... THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for your expertise and wonderful talent.  You are truly a culinary genius and it's no wonder this place got such rave reviews.  The truth is.... I FREAKING LOVE YOU!  There, I said it.Nom nom nom. Mon Ami Gabi offered awesome hangover food. :) The Blueberry French Toast and Smoked Salmon Hors D'oeuvres...woah. The former was bursting with fruitiness, not only through the topped blueberries but with the blueberry syrup. The latter was creamy and tender. It was a bit overkill with all the complimentary bread preceding our selections (more self-control) but I'd recommend both. The Fresh Toast was definitely the best I've had. The outdoor patio was a treat. People watching on the Strip always entertains (and the heat lamps are a great backup!).Breakfast to die for!!  The blueberry French Toast is delicious. The bread in all varieties - toast and baguette - is incredible - and even better with the wonderful jam and butter.  The coffee is outstanding - a perfect French press.My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)

Go or No?  Go.

Tease:  Mon Ami Gabi is a nice French café/restaurant in the Paris hotel on the Vegas strip.  It has outdoor seats that have a full on view of the Bellagio water fountain show.

Why I went:  My wife and I dined with an old friend that now lives in Vegas based on his recommendation.

When: 11/13/12

Food:  For drinks, I had a nice Smoky Martini (Hendricks & Laphroaig) and my wife had a refreshing South Frenchman similar to a French Martini.  I had a nice fresh shrimp cocktail for app.  My friend got the steak poivre and loved it.  My wife got the beef short ribs and thought it was well prepared.  It was nice and juicy and not too salty.  I had a perfectly prepared filet mignon.  We split some French bean and mushrooms for sides.  Both were very tasty.  

Service:  Chris did a great job as our server.

Hints/Final thoughts:  Mon Ami Gabi is a really nice dining spot.  Especially if you can nab a nice seat outside with a view!   It really has a nice café vibe.  The steaks were tasty and well prepared.  Considering the location, the prices are reasonable this French steakhouse.Decent four star restaurant located inside Eiffel. We had escargots appetizer which was a bit bland.

We also had the bison ribeye which was okay and the steak in peppercorn sauce.

I enjoyed the fries the most since they were crispy.

Our waiter was quite dry and boring and didn't really explain the menu well to us.

I loved the baguette with butter!I first heard of this place from George Wallace, comedian over at The Flamingo Casino. He swears that it is the best place to eat...

It now has become my absolute favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!!! The staff are all extremely polite, and very educated about the menu! My favorite thing to order is a seafood crepe with Gruyere Cheese! Unbelievable!!!

I recommend sitting out on the patio. You get a stunning view of the Bellagio Fountain Show, plus have the Eiffel Tower hovering above you! 

Do yourself a favor and go! Oh, and ask about the Bloody-Mary Bar! Holy WOW!!!Mon Amis always been one of my favorites every time I visit the strip. Located inside of Paris, the outdoor seating in the heart of the city is one of the best in terms of setting and ambiance. The one thing I do love about Mon Ami is the flexibility with the menu. Most places refuse to serve breakfast items after a particular time but this restaurant always accommodates my requests and the service is typically on point. The waiters are not overly enthusiastic, but they are friendly and quick which, I believe, are better qualities to portray in food hospitality. On this particular visit I ordered: 

Warm triple cream cheese: with mushrooms, black garlic and sherry reduction. Be warned this item is garlicky, but it is delicious. If you love mushrooms and garlic this is a must try. The toasted bread with the gooey cream cheese and garlicky sautéed mushrooms are  an amazing flavor combo. 

Shrimp cocktail: jumbo shrimp served with cocktail sauce and lemon. The shrimp is very fresh and the simplicity of the dish speaks for itself. 

Maine lobster roll: served on a toasted brioche roll with house chips on the side. The lobster is fresh and mixed with a creamy mayonnaise. This is one of the heavier items on the menu; if you do not like mayo, you may want to skip out on this one. The chips are also a bit bland, but can be subbed out for house fries, which are delicious. 

Custom crepe: I wanted to order a sweet crepe and the waiter suggested a fresh banana and strawberry crepe with whipped cream. I opted for this dish and added a side of Nutella (chocolate hazelnut spread) to my crepe. The crepe was served on its own with the toppings served on the side. The fruit was fresh and the cream was whipped in house. The portion is also very large and can easily be shared between two people. 

All in all, I recommend Mon Ami if you enjoy French cuisine and a great view. Although I cannot vouch for every food item on the menu, but there are several items that I always eat when I am here. There is typically a wait to sit outside, even on the weekdays, but well worth it!RESERVE A SEAT ON THE PATIO and dine while you watch the Bellagio water show. This is probably the best atmosphere on the strip. You are provided with as much fresh french bread as you can eat. The escargo was amazing. Entrees are OK- Very basic french items such as skirt steak and frites. Bread pudding dessert was exceptional.Lovely.

Onion soup was the best I've ever had. Not too salty or lack of flavor. Perfect.
Escargot was actually quite delicious. It looks awful but definitely tastes better than it looks.
Scallops were heavenly. 
Rib eye was succulent.
Wine was beautiful, especially the Beaujolais.
Service was wonderful. They even gave us a small cream puff ice cream dessert for our anniversary.

Definitely make a reservation to avoid the very long wait time because this seems like a hot spot for large groups.Service 5 star: Very friendly staff. Our waiter Dimitry ("Dee") was very professional and made us feel as if we were his most important customers. He chatted the right amount and made us laugh. When I looked around I noticed that all his customers felt that way. Most people were smiling. He worked energetically as if he had just started his shift when it actually was past the end of his shift (11:30 pm). I am teaching DFSS (customer oriented products and services) and it was very interesting to me to see how he won people over (for himself and his business).

Ambiance 5 star: If you get a table out side, then you will be presented with the Bellagio Fountain show every 15 minutes, while you are people watching. 

Food 4.5 star: Fresh and inventive. Even the burgers are special.

Water and bread service: Very prompt and one can easily fill up quickly on the tasty hot baguettes. 

Furniture 2 star: The outside furniture is very flimsy and cheap.I booked a table here for brunch and it did not disappoint, it was a great experience and more relaxed I feel that the pricy dinner menu would of been, with the same outdoor table overlooking the Bellagio fountains and the Paris hotel. Eggs Benedict for me was fab and some other good options on the menu. 
I told them we were celebrating a birthday and got a chocolate cake with a candle brought out which I was pleased to find was not included on our bill at the end!It has been years since my husband and I ate here with a group of friends, but I still remember it as a wonderful dining experience.  The room was vibrant and current; the atmosphere was fun, but sophisticated, the restaurant itself was busy and bustling.  Excellent food and good wine list.  I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant, for both groups and romantic dinners.Someone in our group discovered this place on yelp yesterday so this morning we decided to take the trip down the strip from the MGM and check it out and we are all so glad we did! I had the croissant breakfast sandwich, sounds plain but very flavorful! My friend had the chicken Brie crepe and she loved every bite, another had the eggs Benedict and she loved the balance of flavors and her eggs were perfectly cooked, and finally the gentlemen of the group enjoyed the bloody bar with tons of options and his steak and eggs hit the spot! A great menu with traditional French options as well as great basics. I will absolutely come back here.I seriously love this place.  While Mon Ami Gabi is certainly not comprable to some of the bigger (and more expensive) names on The Strip, it holds its own without breaking the bank.

I dined here with my boyfriend a few months ago and we waited it out for an outdoor table (first come, first serve - regardless of reservations).  It was so worth the wait.  Being able to watch the Bellagio water show while dining on delicious food is quite an amazing experience.  

More recently, I took my work team here for dinner.  Party of 12 required a credit card to hold the table.  Oh, and they will not seat you unless your entire party is present.  Good luck getting that many people to show up right on time.  Several people were late, so we weren't seated on time as per our reservation, and our server seemed to retaliate by making us wait for our beverages and bread.  Just kidding...he wasn't doing it on purpose. He was just slow.  Like REALLY SLOW and when people are hungry, ok service gets magnified to terrible service.  The 20min it took to get our bread was soon forgotten once the bread actually got to the table. Fresh baguettes...yum.

As far as main entrees, order a steak.  If you don't you will envy all of those around you who did.  Since I ordered a steak on my last visit, I decided to go with the carmelized sea scallops.  They were cooked perfectly, but overseasoned for my tastebuds.  I asked for lemon wedges to cut some of the saltiness.  But, I don't think that will stop me from ordering it again some time in the future in hopes that the chef won't have such a heavy hand with the salt shaker.  

Two of my coworkers ordered the Fish n Chips and could not stop raving about how yummy their meals were.  But, my eyes were on all of the other plates...steaks, steaks and more steaks.  I stole some fries off their plates when they weren't looking.  So, next time you're in Vegas and want a good meal, GET A STEAK at Mon Ami Gabi...and share your fries :)Came here twice this past Vegas trip because of the convenience and the food.  Food was very tasty and the service was excellent.  We had the French onion soup which my wife thought was the best she tasted.  The burger for lunch was cooked perfectly.  My wife ordered the ribeye for dinner and it was above average.  Need to go to a steakhouse to have GREAT steak.  Overall, an above average experience.  We'll be back.The place:
Located in the Paris Casino & Hotel facing the strip, this sidewalk cafe was busy, but not overwhelming.  Our server was a bit frazzled, but was apologetic and once he was on task, it was great service.

The food:
My wife ordered the breakfast crepe - wow. Carmelized sugar, thinly stacked delicate crepes, and a boat of fresh whipped cream.  I ordered a breakfast omelet which was delicious, but standard for an omelet.  The highlight of my meal was the bread and preserves.  The coffee was fine and plentiful all in all a great meal.

Bottom line:
If you're in Las Vegas and tired of buffets give these guys a try.My friend and I wanted to enjoy a very nice dinner without having to spend a ridiculous amount of money. Mon Ami Gabi was the perfect place. The atmosphere inside was that of a classy steakhouse. As an appetizer, we ordered the chicken liver mousse, which was very tasty. Definitely more mousse than a party of two could handle, though. My friend ordered the steak classique, which came with an herb butter, and pom fritte. She loved the steak, but wasn't excited over the pom fritte. She said it tasted like she was eating fancy potato chips. I ordered the chicken grandmere, and it was absolutely DELICIOUS! I usually don't eat the skin, but you could see how perfectly this half chicken was cooked that it was a must to experience the full flavor of the dish. The chicken came with creamy mashed potatoes and a sauteed mix of pearled onions, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and bacon (the real deal chunky bits of bacon)! While eating the chicken I was surprised to find roasted garlic, mushroom and rosemary tucked beneath the skin of the chicken to add even more flavor to the already tasty meat. Overall, our meal was wonderful! The chicken entree was $20.95, and the steak classique was $24.95. For those who like chicken liver pate, $10.95 for a large portion is what you'll pay. This was a wonderful, affordable steakhouse restaurant, and I will more than likely return on my next visit to Vegas.I would rate 4.5 stars if I could. Great food, excellent service. Made reservations (for inside only) they offered us a 1/2 inside 1/2 outside/patio table. View was great but draft from AC made it FREEZING. They were accommodating and moved us inside, which was very dim and romantic.

My husband and I ordered drinks, good, but nothing spectacular. The complimentary baguette was YUMMY!!! I had a French onion soup to start, which was pretty good. Husband ordered bone in rib eye, which he loved and I ordered steak béarnaise, and did NOT care for the sauce. Since they were served in a gravy boat on the side (and the same price), I asked to switch to the bleu cheese sauce, MUCH BETTER. The steak it self had a GREAT seasoning. Both steaks had a side of fritas/thin French fries? Which were DELICOUS but TOO much. My advice is share and fritas with some one and get another side. It almost left you feeling like the great steak was lacking as a meal. Some veggies? Something would have been nice as an addition. (this is the reason for no 5 stars)In a sea of countless dining options in this often overwhelming city, finding a truly top-quality and great value restaurant is a feat in itself. Mon Ami Gabi is a restaurant with which you truly cannot go wrong. 

Located in Paris with stunning views of the strip and the Bellagio fountains as everyone mentions, you would truly benefit from getting a table in the back of the restaurant near the street and by the window to get the best of both worlds. But even apart from the view the restaurant is amazing in itself. 

Service is FAST considering how crowded they always are. I also was able to get a reservation with ease and even adjust it when I couldn't make my initial one. 

They serve a hot baguette and pickled carrots for a starter. We ordered the pate and it was huge and tasty and went so nicely with the bread. 

* Chicken grand mere: one of the best chicken dishes I've ever had. Succulent, flavorful thigh and breast on the most amazing and buttery potato purée, with a side of forest mushrooms and BACON. SO FREAKIN GOOD. There were a lot of annoying herbs on it though but the dish was superb. 
* Duck special: a little on the chewy/hard side, but taste-wise it was delicious. Really nice sauce. 
*Scallops: my dad said it was the best he's ever had. And he's a seafood junkie. It was huge, juicy, and most perfectly cooked. Well done y'all. 
*Apple tarte: honestly this sucked. It was syrupy, super sweet, and the ice cream tasted like frozen sugar and creamer. Oh well. Everything else was great. 

Overall, wonderful service, amazing food, fantastic views, and an experience worth coming back for.Great atmosphere! A trip to Vegas Wouldnt be complete without a stop! I always come for brunch and set outside. Even on hot Vegas days they leave the large exterior doors open for a nice breeze. The food and service are excellent and there's a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. Mimosas are served with several mixers to try.great view for Bellagio foundation show!

Ordered French Onion soup and Classic Quiche Lorraine - both are amazing and one of the best I ever had!Very good place to eat.  Food was terrific but a little spendy, but again it is Vegas right?  I ordered there special which was the sea bass.  It was cooked to perfection and the freshness and flavor was out of this world.  We also had the Baked Brie with honey and roasted pecans.  amazing!,,,  you have to try the mango sorbet'. Really really good :)A friend who lives in Vegas suggested meeting here for lunch, and since we were staying at the Bellagio it was right across the street and a nice change from Bellagio restaurants.

I was very pleasantly surprised by the high quality of food at this restaurant.
My salad with salmon was delicious (salmon was perfectly cooked). One friend had an ahi burger and the other had a goat cheese salad, everyone was thrilled with their food. We shared a  bananas foster crepe for dessert (per our server's recommendation), and it was delicious.

Service was friendly and professional.

We sat near the patio with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. It was a lovely experience!Love love loved it!  Make sure the make a reservation or come for lunch - or you will be waiting a long time! Our waiter was great; he had good recommendations that we took and loved.  I tried escargot for the first time and had a fish fillet.  My boyfriend had a steak.  Everything was great and it was actually reasonably priced!


Try the escargot!!! (You will not regret it).As an American who has only traveled once overseas, this fits my image of what a Parisian "Bistro" would look like.  Then again, I sometimes think that Epcot is "authentic".  Well, until I visit the "Mexico Pavilion", and realize it is just a caricature.

But we have witnessed a crime here at Mon Ami Gabi.  A food crime.

With my wife's food allergies, we are always seeking gluten-free options that are not "a salad", or something equally uncreative.  On the breakfast menu, they mention that they can do the Eggs Benedict items gluten-free. But thanks to Yelp, I found that they do French Toast using GF bread.  Now, we can't come to Vegas without stopping here so that my wife can enjoy the blueberries and fresh whipped cream atop her custardy slices of toast.

That's the crime here.  The menu makes NO MENTION of the GF French Toast option!  Seriously, folks.... It's one of my wife's favorite breakfasts in the world, and your menu doesn't even list it.  (NOTE:  As we dined yesterday, the waitress did mention they were just about to have a staff meeting about "menu changes" and said she would push for making this wonderful option more obvious to their customers with special diet needs.)

My Eggs Benedicts have always been good, but not mind blowing. The eggs are always done perfectly.  For $1, I'd take the upgrade to the smoked salmon over the Canadian bacon, but maybe that's just me.  The "side of bacon" is four strips.  Crispy, but a little thick.  Biting into it is a little like eating beef jerky, but in a good way. There seems to be a light maple glaze on it.

It's a bustling place, and we are usually only in town on weekdays.  So I'd imagine the waits are horrific on weekends.  I usually book an OpenTable reservation as we are walking there, and have only had short (under 5 minute) waits, most of which we spend waiting in line to talk to the hostess.  I'm not sure about the folks saying it "overlooks the Bellagio Fountains".  The one time we were there at a "show time", there always seems to be one of those billboard trucks blocking the view.  I'd say watching the Bellagio fountain show from there is almost like watching it on your flatscreen TV at home.

The staff is always running around, which is good, but the tiny coffee cups sometimes need filling faster than I was getting mine refilled.  But, if your wife gets stuck in the hotel room on a conference call, they will pack things to-go very nicely, letting you earn great points as a husband providing French Toast "room service".

4.25 stars (though, yes, we will dine here EVERY SINGLE TIME we come to Vegas).

EDITED TO ADD:  We went for lunch after I had written this review because the wife wanted to try the gluten-free French Onion Soup (with gluten-free bread and GF croutons on top).  Our dining partner's cuban sandwich was probably the best received.  The steak frites were OK, not great, and the soup was fairly good, but really just made her miss the French Toast more (our fault for sleeping past breakfast).  So, I'll lower it down to 3.9 stars, and we probably will just make this a breakfast destination.My daughter wanted to come here for her birthday. We had a table inside just off the strip. I had looked at their lunch menu online so I knew what I wanted. We started out with the chilled seafood platter. Oysters, a whole Maine lobster, jumbo shrimp and a great salmon tartar.

We shared a carafe of red sangria(a great value at $25.00). Then we had the french onoin soup and the muscles.

The service was great and we will be going back!The Hot on Yelp list has yet to steer me wrong. The buffet line at the Bellagio was too long, so we looked for the closest alternative without a long wait.

Lunch was amazing starting with warm baked bread and butter, and awesome smoked salmon and brioche and capers. We had the steak frites, ordered medium rare, but it came out closer to medium well. The waiter gave us two sauces. The blue cheese sauce was nicely buttery, but be sure to break up large chunks of cheese for a more blended flavor. The second sauce were caramelized onions in a nice, but powerful red wine sauce. Tip: Pour blue cheese sauce over steak and fish out onions to top your cut gives you the flavor of the soaked in wine sauce, but it doesn't overpower the dish. The frites reminded me of chip like fries, thin and crunchy like chips, shaped like fries. The thyme seared salmon was beautifully cooked, moist and topped over a bed of orzo spinach and peas.

The cocktails are delicious, yet strong. The Nutty Russian was my first drink of the day, but by the end of it, I was close to drunk. But then again at $12.95 for one, I better be drunk after.

Overall, with a view of the Bellagio water works and plenty of people watching, it was a pleasant meal and I'm definitely coming back to try the mussels in herbs and white wine sauce. The table next to us inhaled it!Years ago we were introduced to this restaurant by our local friends. It has become a tradition that we eat here every time we come to Vegas. We enjoy it every time. The food is great as are the views from the patio and pavilion. Brunch is the best time for this restaurant.Again, for the second time I have been here for breakfast and love it. I had waffles with apples and cream. Delicious ! Crispy and soft to perfection. My party had mushroom omelet and it was great too. He was very polite. He mistakenly brought ham but politely changed it when told it was wrong. It was very crowded but we got a table right away! Again, I love this place.The steak there tasted better than the picture. 
Nice location, but outside was bit bright due to the sunset. 
Be careful what time you go there.

Food was amazing but our server happened to be an idiot.
Kept forgetting to bring our drinks.

I will definately go back for the steak again.Very good steakhouse, the wait is...well...long.... Definatly get reservations here, as mentioned in other reviews you can't reserve the patio. /sigh. The shredded carrots are worth the price of admission! Try em:)As a big French nut, obviously the Paris casino was a stop on my most recent trip to Vegas. My friend and I were looking to eat lunch and decided to try this place out-- very glad we did!

While you sit outside (we even stayed there despite a rain shower), you can watch the Bellagio's water show and people watch, but you're also just high enough above sidewalk level that you don't feel trampled and it's not too noisy. My sandwich was PHENOMENAL and even though we had to wait awhile, our waitress was forthcoming in letting us know my friend's dish was accidentally burnt. We were apologized to and given some very delicious coffee on the house.

Surprisingly reasonably priced-- we had expected to pay more-- and very yummy.The food and service here was good.  Bonus for having a kids menu and crayons and drawing paper.I don't think I've been to Mon Ami Gabi for a couple of years, and I actually don't think I've ever been there and picked up the check myself.  My girlfriend had never been before, so I finally took her last night on the way home from picking her up at the airport.

The ambiance is great... in inside is classy, and if you can score it, the outside patio has a great view.  The food is also great, of course.  My girlfriend had the trout, which was the best trout I've ever tried.  I had the steak classic for a change from the filet, and it was much tastier than I expected.  We also shared a glass of frangria (French sangria).

The bill was $51.72 after tax, which is pretty good for this type of establishment.  Our service wasn't perfect as we were originally handed lunch menus, and then when we got dinner menus, they didn't come back for awhile.  But I've been here before, so that's just an isolated incident.

I'm upgrading Mon Ami Gabi to 5 stars because it's a great deal for what you get!I try to come here every time I visit Las Vegas, last time made it to breakfast, eggs Benedict was great, even thought English muffins were a little hard. Had a strawberry cheesecake for dessert, nice and rich! Servers are always polite and knowledgeable. It's always nice to sit outside and observe the strip but a lot of times wait is pretty long, so, make an appointment and sit inside and enjoy the atmosphere. Cheers!Casariccia pasta was so so good!! A bit too much celery in the salad for my taste but very refreshing and light decent size not huge...all in all the meal a 10!! Pasta was off the hook!! It was a new dish here at Mon Ami Gabi we come here about 6 times a year...it really impressed me.  Gentleman...a tall black man waiter Bennie very dapper and classy held himself very well. The Bison Ribeye Steak was succulent and tender too!Awesome date night. Great ambiance, delicious food, reasonable prices. 

We got:

The Classique Steak (med-rare) with pommes frites. Steak was thin but cooked perfectly. Fries were RIDICULOUSLY GOOD. I would come back next time I'm in Vegas just for them. 

The Salmon. It came with puréed cauliflower mash. It was good. Not terribly flavorful, but pleasantly good. It had peppercorns on the top which were a little overwhelming since the rest of the dish was mild in flavor. 

The vibe is fantastic and although can seem cheesy because you are in Vegas, felt very much like an authentic French restaurant. Service was excellent. Would come again!Amazing stack ! Good wine. and sent me puff ice cream when knowing its my birthday so warmBeautiful decor, very French. Dependably excellent food.This restaurant will make you feel like you're in Par-reeee ;) 

Directly under the Eiffel Tower and across the street from the Bellagio, this is a must for tourists. I'm all for free shows, the view is AWESOME. My entourage and I sat outside so we got to see the fountain show which was really nice especially when we were stuffing our faces with fancy French food! 

The free bread was pretty good, haha. Plow through this and ask for more! The service wasn't bad, the nice man serving us had to deal with us changing tables halfway through but he was totally cool about it!

 This place can get crazy crowded, make a reservation, it'll help! Well actually if you want to sit outside, it all depends on how busy they are. The day we went, I had a reservation but it didn't matter because we wanted to sit outside anyway. Cover your bases to ensure there's a table for your party. I think this was one of those places where I had to give them my credit card number to get a reservation, it's pretty serious haha! 

Food: I've had better French food in Seattle but I'm giving this place four stars for the experience. We all liked it very much, and despite everyone's different palettes, we were pleased with our dishes. I had the scallops, they were perfectly seared. The butternut squash was savory and complimented the scallops. It was around $25 for the dish, I thought it was fair. I also tried the escargot appetizer. I thought it was too oily, the snails were served in a pan with little circular slots. I think they were drizzled with a little bit of herb oil. I wouldn't order this again, but you can be the judge. The oil just made the snails unappealing, I've had escargot before but served in an actual sauce. I think that's a better way to cook them! 

Portions were generous. My friend ordered a salad and it was ginormous. All of us could have shared it, it looked good! My other friend ordered a sandwich and it came with a mountain of fries. Definitely a place where you could share if you wanted to! We walked all the way from Monte Carlo so we opted for our own and waddled our way back down the strip.Outstanding overall dining experience!! The awesome dinners here start off with tasty French  Bread with amazing carrot spread!! The crab cakes and French onion soup is a necessity... The filet is theee best on the Strip!! The bacon spinach salad  is a must!! Just promise me you dont order the cheesecake even if the nice waitress tells you to order it!!The restaurant is so perfectly situated, with their patio directly opposite the Bellagio fountains. If you manage to get a table out here for dinnertime, you get to watch maybe 4 or 6 shows during the course of your meal. We had typical, good service over the course of our meal, and I ordered the "classic" steak frites. The steak that I got was quite large and tender, and I loved the butter pairing that came with it. The fries also surprisingly stood out--curly, thin, crispy. Price point ranges from mid to higher tier, but it's certainly a good place for a date or a place to watch the fountains or the Strip.I have dined at Mon Ami Gabi a couple of times without disappointment. Their Strip steak is fabulous, the goat cheese appetizer served with toasted garlic bread is amazing.  the only disappointing entree are their $17 salads.  The chopped salad with grilled chicken is way too small for the price they charge, it's more like a side salad, this is where I really just don't understand restaurants.....why be cheap with the least expensive ingriedient!!...Really? .  Convenient place to dine at the Paris Hotel, however you are paying for the view...Do I have a story to tell!
Back in April 2010, I had planned for 2 years my European trip to go to my dream city Paris, France. 
We were to fly there and meet my sister from Berlin, and best friend in Naples. Before we left Honolulu, ready to board our plane to our Las Vegas stop over, my sister in Berlin calls me, and says there's a huge volcano erupting in Iceland. Being from Hawaii, it was no big deal to me.
Short story long, we were stuck in Vegas for 5 days, tears rolling down my face, my husband took me to the "Eifel Tower" restaurant on the strip called Mon Ami Gabi.

We were so lucky, we got a cute 2 top table right outside facing the Bellagio.
 It was one of the most romantic, outdoor dinners we had, it was almost like being there in Paris (ALMOST) Our waiter was amazing, as he listened to our sob story, and gave us excellent suggestions. 
We ordered Fresh Oysters on a half shell,(totally devine) which is flown in daily, French Oniopn Soup (duh!) baked to perfection, Bread and Brie cheese with French Red wine (okay, so I got carried away a little with the French theme),Filet Mignon and sat right underneath the Eifel Tower.
Next thing we know, the watershow from the Bellagio started! What timing, it was incredible. It wasn't Europe, but it was the next best thing that made our trip a memorable one.
We finally went on our Parisian trip, and Mon Ami Gabi, is still my favorite French restaurant I've been to!
Take a loved one there, they will thank you forever :)
Checkout my pictures-This was our first french food experience. It was very high quality yet reasonably priced. All the salads and steaks were very good and just the right size, not too thick. The variety of sauces they offer all have great flavor. I loved my Hangar steak with merlot butter. The only downside was we had a 8pm reservation yet had to wait 20 mins to be seated. The restaurant is very popular and walk in wait times were 45 mins but im guessing closer to an hour. I would recommend this place to friends and im sure i will be back again at some point. I don't eat alot of red meat but i'm already craving one of these steaks again! On top of the food, the service was really good. No complaints other than the 20 min wait time past our reservation.Why 5 starrs?

It's actually kind of difficult to find a nice restaurant with a patio on the strip, and this place is your answer. Great food, great prices, and PLENTY of patio seating. 

I had the scallop appetizer ($13) with 3 scallops in lemon butter sauce with melted cheese. I'll pay that price for scallops all day. Also had the french onion soup and was delicious. Other had the chicken mushroom crepe and it was a winner. The food itself is probably not worth 5 stars, but the overall experience was.Dinner

Wait - made reservations through yelp. no wait

environment- romantic, especially the view of the Bellagio fountain. 

service - very nice people, very helpful. we were seated in the back, when we asked for a seat in the front they moved us after another table left

ordered- Onion Soup (a must get) the cheese was creamy, the soup was awesome. the perfect taste, not too salty and not too bland. 
the filet mignon steak, it wasnt my favorite. but it was decent. 
the creme brule was great!! a must try.If you can get on the patio on a beautiful spring-like day, do it. It's worth waiting for a table if you have to. Just bring your sunglasses because the umbrellas don't shade everything out there. Great bar and a good selection of wines by the glass. French brasserie food at lunch/brunch with excellent saiads, soups, and quiches in addition to sandwiches. It's expensive but high quality. The steaks are pricey but good. If I had a choice between paying for the Gordon Ramsay name at the steakhouse on the other side of the casino and getting a steak here, I'd probably eat my steak here because it seems less pretentious. Highly recommended.Gluten Free Amazingness!!! I've lived in Vegas for 35 years and try to avoid the strip. However, we were celebrating a major achievement and selected Mon Ami. First, expect that that you will be waiting for a table if you want to dine outdoors. Second, it's worth it. Not only could we see the Bellagio fountain show, but we could also hear the music that went with it. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about my dining options and I selected a gourmet burger on a GF bun. When it arrived, it looked fabulous and even better, I had my own fries that were cooked separately from contaminants. Loved my meal and the service was top notch. The only downer was the creme brulee. It was caramel flavored and just not very yummy. No problem getting credit on our bill for it.I think this has become my new favourite spot to eat in Vegas. From start to finish, the whole experience was 5 stars!

I had made a reservation for 9pm, and we were advised that if we wanted a table outside (which we did) that there may be a wait. So we headed to the Paris about 40 minutes before our reservation time. I spoke to hostess and requested a table on the patio, and asked if we could try to get a table fairly up front and centered, so we'd have a good view of the Bellagio and the fountains. She said she would do her best. Half an hour later, we were being shown to our table by an incredibly friendly hostess who made conversation, and didn't just take us to our table like sheep. 

Our table was perfect! Right up front and dead center. We were able to people watch, and the fountains at the Bellagio really helped set the scene for a romantic dinner on our last night in Vegas. 

Our server was attentive, but not overly so. Knew the menu, knew the specials, and was able to make recommendations. Friendly but not in your face. Efficient but not cold. 

The food was perfect. We started with the onion soup and warm brie, both were gone within minutes. Be forewarned, however... the onion soup is not the onion soup you find at your average American restaurant. A nice big crouton, plenty of melted cheese, and that slight sweetness that you should have in a good onion soup. The brie was ridiculously good. Melted and gooey, drizzled with a peppered honey, and whole cloves of roasted garlic. The baguette they bring you to start is warm, crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, and the butter is soft and spreadable (HUGE brownie points for that!). 

We both went for the steak frittes: my partner getting the steak au poivre, with the peppered sauce, and I ended up getting the bourdelaise and the bernaise sauce on the side, because I couldn't decide which I wanted. Both were amazing, but I ended up pouring the light, slightly lemony bernaise on to my steak, which was perfectly rare and melt-in-your-mouth tender. The frittes were thin and cooked perfectly. We shared a side of ratatouille, that had incredible flavour and complemented the steaks perfectly. 

A perfect end to our trip.I'm giving this 4 stars mostly for the great view! It was 100 degrees outside so we asked for an indoor seat. Turns out they have a lovely patio that has air-conditioning but still gives a great view of the Bellagio fountain and the rest of the Strip! And surprisingly, there was no wait at all even though we wandered in at the peak period around 9am. Maybe because it was a weekday. And maybe also because most other people requested outdoor seating.

We ordered a spinach and goat cheese omelette, eggs benedict and a ham and cheese omelette. It was pretty good, but not all that special. But good food coupled with great scenery does make for a fantastic breakfast experience.This is a really cute French restaurant at Paris Hotel & Casino.  It sits outside of the hotel facing the Bellagio fountains.  We made a reservation and needed to add an additional person at the last minute and actually wanted to eat earlier, and not only were the hosts able to accommodate to our group size, but we also got sat 15 minutes before our reservation time.  We were sat in the inside with the air-conditioning, but right next to the patio where we were able to view the Bellagio fountain show from our seats.  It was spectacular.  

We were a group of 7 and brought our own wine bottles.  Corkage fee is $30 per bottle, which is a bit steep, even for Vegas.  They served us complimentary baguettes with butter and some carrot dish,  Our server was very friendly and explained the menu to us in detail.  

We ended up ordering a few appetizers:
-Oysters: Unfortunately I didn't get to try these.  I love oysters too.
-Some Goat Cheese App with Toasted Garlic Bread: This was delicious!  Whatever the goat cheese was mixed with was very good, not too salty, and had the right amount of goat cheese
-Escargots: This was drench in some olive oil and basil sauce that was very good.  I ate the whole snail and I used the same sauce to dip the complimentary baguettes.

Main dish:
-Hangar Steak ($23): So tender!!!  This came with some merlot butter sauce that really went well with the steak.  It was very rich in flavor and was like a dream in my mouth.  I had my steak with haricots verts instead of fries since I ate like a pig at lunch.  
-Filet Merlot: I had a bite of this.  It's an 8 oz steak, which is their smallest size, and it was the most tender filet ever!  It was soft like butter.  You could probably cut it with a fork. This meat was also rich in flavor and their most popular steak frites dish. 
-Bison Rib-eye (Special of the Day about $40): I had a taste of this also.  It was very good, lean-tasting, and not gamey at all.

Dessert:
-Banana fosters Crepe ($10.95): I probably could have devoured this by myself despite being super full.  This was not too sweet and had all the right flavors combined, plus a scoop of vanilla ice cream wrapped in the middle.
-Caramel Creme Brulee: Though not as good as the Banana Fosters Crepe, this was also really tasty.  Crepe Brulee with a hint of caramel.  The carmelized sugar was perfectly burnt and not too hard to break through.      

Overall, this was a very hearty and delicious meal.  I left feeling super stuffed.  Everything on the menu tasted very good and the service was impeccable.  Highly recommended, especially if you're staying close by!Probably some of the best service I've ever had - from the hostesses to the manager, and our server. We made a reservation for 1pm right on the rail of the patio for 7 people, showed up with 9 people, and they still were able to accommodate graciously. Service was formal, extremely attentive, personable, and very professional. World-class staff. 

Food was very good. I would stop just a bit short of calling it an excellent French restaurant - it's a very very good French-ish restaurant with a focus on seafood and the grill. 

Highlights
- All the food, really
- French onion soup
- Baked goat cheese
- Bone-in rib eyes were near-perfect
- Actual Caesars (not bloody marys). Being Canadian, this is almost a must when recovering from a night of booze

Lowlights (only a few)
- Wasn't blown away by the quality of the seafood on the platter
- Sauces that came with the steaks were gross looking and too oily
- I know what they're trying to do with the fries, but they end up as a bit of an oversalted oily clump
- Caesar salad was drenched in dressing, but that's what you get for ordering a caesar salad at a French restaurant

As many reviews note, the patio provides some of the best people watching in the city, as well as a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. 

One caution - men must wear sleeved shirts, a problem for one particular show-off on our team.

TL;DR version: Nearly a must-do when in Vegas for a brunch or late lunch, especially if you like to sit in the sun. I'm sure can be just as good for dinner. Most locals we spoke to say that M.A.G. is excellent, so that's reassuring. Top-quality service, great patio, and very very good food.Looking for a great place to eat with a nice view that won't cost you an arm and a leg?  This is definitely a great place. We booked through OpenTable a week in advance and were seated right away. Though we weren't seated on the patio, we still had a fairly good view of the Bellagio fountains. The food was good also. Steak, escargot, fries, bread, wine all for about $125.

This is Vegas... Do not try to walk in on Friday night without reservations.Came here for dinner before my boyfriend and I went to see the Cirque Du Soleil show Mystere. I had looked at the menu earlier in the day and there were quite a few things that I was interested in, however we had eaten a larger lunch than we had anticipated and ended up just getting appetizers. 

Anyways, I got the Endive & Bleu Cheese salad--it was SO delicious! It is very simple; endive, bleu cheese, arugula, and grapes with a very light vinaigrette dressing. In the past the endive I have had has been slightly bitter, but this was just perfect! Also, the bleu cheese was pretty mild (which I prefer). Again, very simple but if you are looking for a salad before dinner I HIGHLY recommend it!

My boyfriend got the french onion soup--it was alright, not the best I have had though. It wasn't horrible or anything, but I have made this type of soup before and I felt like mine was better! Oh well. 

Third thing we shared was the shrimp cocktail--with HUGE shrimp! Shrimp was good, so was the tartar sauce. Can't really mess it up too much..

We tried the mojito as well (I was immediately drawn to it because it had St. Germain and Champagne in it..it was very good!) Their version of Sangria was delicious also.

I guess this might not be the greatest review since we didn't really eat substantial food there lol, but I guess just try the salad, I swear it's amazing!For my first time there, it was a really nice experience.

Dinner was great, the ambience was so pretty we sat in the window room, even though the doors were open to the outdoor seating we were not cold.  Our service was incredible. I had steak & frites and when I could not decide between the bernaise or the poivre sauce, I was brought both. The steak was very tasty. When I could not decide on a glass of wine a cart was wheeled over and I was given tastes to decide on the right wine for me.

We skipped on dessert this time. But we'll be back for sure!This was my favorite meal during our recent trip to Vegas in November. We went to higher priced establishments for dinner (Bobby Flay's and a Wolfgang Puck place, but they didn't compare to the casual ambiance and street views from this perfect place for lunch. We enjoyed the food, the service, and the views of the Bellagio fountains. 

A tip for tourists, be sure to plan for a late lunch when eat here. Early afternoon (anytime after 1:30) is the perfect time of day to eat and sip sangria at a slow pace without the restaurant being overly busy. Yes, you will still wait for a table at 2:30 in the afternoon, but it will be much better than 12:30! Peak times should be avoided to get the full bistro experience. Also, it is well worth the additional 30-35 minute wait for a table outside.

The fries are salty, crisp and highly addictive. You have been warned!

When it comes to restaurants in Vegas, I feel like the prices just keep going up and up and I love that Mon Ami Gabi offers delicious food at a reasonable price point. I can't wait to go to Vegas again so we can enjoy another late lunch on the patio.


** It will always be busy, and during breakfast, lunch and dinner hours, it will be crowded. There are two lines and usually hostesses that make up their own rules about reservations and no reservations on the spot. Don't be in a hurry and don't be rude and eventually you'll sit down and eat. There is a good reason this place is always so busy - it's good!**I wasn't sure about this place, but man, am I glad I have it a shot! The venue is absolutely adorable. When having dinner there, I felt like I was in France! The decor and interior design is spot on.
We had a table of 4 around 5pm and we were sat right away. Each of us ordered the Onion Soup and a steak. 
The waitress brought us a warm banquette with butter and this interesting little french topping thing. It has corn and something else in it and was pickled with red wine vinegar.
The onion soup was amazing. It was $11 but it was HUGE! And it was delicious. It had a really good sweet flavor and it was not salty at all. There was lots of cheese and baguette pieces in the soup. 
I had the Bernese steak which we really really good. It had a very nice seasoning on it and was really tender. I don't normally order steak, but it's Vegas, why not splurge some! It was really good! The 'frites' it came with were delicious also. Over all, this place was really great. They were really good about splitting our checks and worked with us.After seeing the 8:00pm show of Absinthe nearby, Minh, and I were trying to decide what to have for dinner. We did not feel like having any of the usual that we tend to have while we are in town. Looking for something that sounded different and yet filling we came across this gem of a place to eat!
The reviews were excellent and their menu selection was vast!

Located inside of the Paris hotel, the wait was not too long for the two of us wanting to sit outside on the strip!

Our table was perfect for us, we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains, and it boasted great people watching too!

Our server was sweet as pie, after we settled in, our water was poured and we were asked what we would like to drink. We ordered a couple of glasses of their Frangria. Which I highly recommend! 

Next, our server brought out a piping hot baguette along with some butter and pickled carrots. 

The server gave us plenty of time to look over their menu and answered any questions that we might have!

I decided on getting:

Roast Chicken and Frites - half chicken, bacon, mushrooms, pearl onions, and a side of whipped cauliflower.

The roasted chicken was great, plenty of meat and it was tender and juicy without feeling greasy. I loved the thick pieces of bacon and mushrooms with garlic. The whipped cauliflower was a little salty but it tasted almost the way that I make it!!!! 

Plates here are huge; you could share with someone else! I would have loved to finish my plate but just couldn't, half way through the second piece of chicken and I was started to hit my oh no I'm almost full status!!

I would love to come back and try their breakfast menu as I was eyeballing their pancakes and bacon!!

A+++ for great service, food, and sitting us at an awesome table!this place is unreal.
the outdoor patio viewing of the bellagio fountains across the street was awesome. 
I had the prime-rib dinner, which was superb. best prime rib i ever had, and i have eaten at H.OUSE OF PRIME RIB before. service was amazing and the wine menu was very diverse.This place is great for brunch! I've been here twice now for brunch and both visits were very pleasant. I had the French toast on my first visit. The blueberry compote is hands down the best I've ever had! 

On our most recent trip, we made a reservation on yelp the night before, requesting that we be sat out on the patio. With front row seats to the Bellagio's synchronized fountain show, the patio is definitely the place to be. We were disappointed to learn that they don't accept reservations for the patio, only for the dining room, which is rather cavernous. We opted to wait for a table on the patio, which only took about 5 minutes. I ordered the special - eggs benny with mushrooms and gruyere. It was very good! Nice and savory without being too overwhelming with flavor.

Mon ami Gabi is a must for anyone staying on the strip! I will absolutely be back on my next Vegas trip.Very nice atmosphere. We were able to sit outside and watch the fountain go off across the street. Food and drinks were great.You won't regret coming here. We were glad we did. It was really good, and we enjoyed an interesting culinary experience with the appetizer, dessert, and yea, i guess also the entrees although we might not have been hungry enough for them. We came with a big appetite, having not eaten much all day but a salad. But, the service was a little slow, so we technically ate too much bread before the appetizer even came out.

Probably first time trying a "real" sit-down restaurant in vegas that's not a buffet or some other kind of eatery. We had to try this one, which had the most reviews on yelp, and an impressive 4 stars. Plus it was in Paris, our favorite place to be it seems, and had a ton of people crowding around the restaurant making it seem like it had to be pretty good. Well, it was. Also, the prices were reasonable at around $20 and under per dish. There seems to always be quite a wait. A perk is you're supposed to be able to see the bellagio fountains if you sit outside, but it was a cold night, we already saw the fountains up close front and center, and the view seems partially blocked (it looks like there are cars and streets right in front) so we opted for inside.

Service:
Already mentioned our service was a tad on the slow side, which is hard when you're hungry and yet trying to not spoil your appetite completely by eating up all of the bread they bring out. A whole entire foot-long loaf of bread. What were we thinking! (they bring you an unbroken loaf in a paper bag). The waiter gave good honest recommendations though based on dish and taste, not price. We appreciated that. Someone else brought out our dishes. None of the contacts seemed overly friendly or conversational when we came in and sat down. But the good honest dish recommendations seemed to make up for that.

Environment:
We were seated adjacent to another couple with only a little gap between our tables. It felt like we were sharing a table with them which wasn't super cool, for making a trip especially out to a nice restaurant. So I wasn't particularly thrilled about the seats we were offered. And then, I was sitting on a chair, and my husband was on a booth, and his seat was lower so he felt a little funny being lower than me. Anyway onto the food!

Appetizer: 
Delicious!!!-Melted brie with honey and roasted garlic and glazed/toasted chickpea with 3 large pieces of toasted bruschetta bread to smear all the goodness on. It was SO good. But wish it came with more pieces of toasted bread!... Sharing the appetizer with two people means each person could only have 1 or 1 1/2 piece. So we ended up smearing it on the leftover bread they brought out in the beginning. That kind of worked too. yay.

Entrees:
Huge!!!-Lamb shank. There was so much lamb meat that we took the rest home. Ate way too much bread beforehand to eat much of this. Our waiter said it's braised for 18 hours or something. Not kidding, bring a huge appetite for this..it's humoungous. good too, especially if you're hungry.

Unique & good- Trout. It was butterflied, and then pan seared. Was a light, crispy dish, with a healthy portion of green beans gracing the top. No real sauce, just a lemon. I was surprised by the dish. Thought it would have a special sauce for some reason. We liked the crispiness of the fish, especially on the edges.

Dessert: 
pear-sage sorbet. Really good. Different. Unique. You'll really taste the pear (it tasted like there was pure purée in it, which there probably was), and you could really taste the sage. It was topped with a tiny bit of crispy sage for decoration. Like a hint of sage chips instead of kale chips. It was a really great way to end the meal; even though we were stuffed, we felt less stuffed and more balanced out after this refreshing dessert. It comes with two small scoops.Oh man, this was a great meal!  To start it off, we had a charismatic French server (I can't remember his name, sadly) who really made the service for us.  He gave us really prompt and attentive service that really made the night.

The food was excellent, too, especially given the price point.  Vegas steakhouses can be some of the most expensive, but Mon Ami Gabi offered us a delicious meal at a price that we couldn't refuse.  I ended up eating the skate wing which was deliciously flavorful.  The meat was extremely tender and flavorful.

Would I come back here?  Definitely!Outside dining makes this good restaurant five stars to me -- especially on a night where it cools off and you can watch the light shows of the Bellagio.   Don't count on the cooling down so much in summer!  There are many giant umbrellas to keep you out of the sun's direct wrath.  

The sandwiches of the day are just a full-mouth electric taste jamboree.  We had a roast beef open face sandwich with brie and crisp, juicy and tart cherry tomatoes, and some France-themed Sangria.  The $20 carafe is four highball glasses and a must if you and your friends are parched.  

The Steak Frites are delightful too, and plentiful.  If you can finish a side-basket of them, you should try out for eating contests.  

Great location and food!We were here last week for brunch. Had the escargot for my apps and that was on point! Definitely have to try that if you like escargot, you won't be disappointed. For my main entree, I had the salmon eggs benedict, definitely a great choice as well. Food is fresh and delicious. Coming back here again.We've eaten here twice while visiting Vegas.  This last time was within the past week.  We made reservations for lunch and were seated outside.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  We ordered the country pate plate for an appetizer and I ordered a quiche while my husband ordered a sandwich.  I enjoyed the quiche but thought the sandwich was lacking a bit...then again I'm not a huge sandwich fan.  Anyhow the bread and butter is always yummy and I do recommend the quiche which was delicious.  The pate was okay but I didn't know that the country pate was more on the chunkier side, so if you like a more mousse like pate then maybe try the chicken liver one.One of the two restaurants on the strip I will recommend to locals (the other is Grand Lux)

I've never had a bad meal at Mon Ami & it's a rare place that I'm treated special even though I'm a single diner and not spending $$$ for food/beverageWhat a great view! 

The service was slow at first but then ramped up as he seemed more acquainted. We asked for no ice in our water but we still got it. The escargots was amazing, served piping hot. I told the waiter to say something of the extent. I almost burned the skin off my fingers when I touched the cast iron grillette. My companion scalded the roof of her mouth. Can I get a careful they are hot? Not everyone has eaten escargots and knows they are served hot. Oh, but they were amazing. 

The dish in my pictures is the seafood platter that comes with surprisingly plenty of food. Most of the cost goes into the lobster and oysters I'm sure. I'm not accustomed to lobster being served cold so that interesting and personally not my favorite. I feel there was a lot of mystery to this dinning experience and there shouldn't be.Had dinner with my wife at Mon Ami. Sat on the patio where we could see the fountains of the Bellagio. Had steamed mussels, escargot, an after dinner port. Excellent in all respects. Get there early!  Great setting, great food.  Would definitely go back.The baguette. The butter. C'est tres delicieux! That's all you need!

Just kidding, but the bread was very warm and tasty. I had to stop myself because I'd have finished the complimentary bread before my entree. We went during brunch and I got croque monsieur! It came out pretty fast. The yolk was oozy and the ham was silky. I was starving so I devoured the whole thing so fast. The fries weren't my favorite nor the salad. I barely touched it.

The server was really sweet and helpful. Gave us recommendations on clubs/ bars around the strip. The tables were pretty empty during brunch  on Sunday.  We didn't sit outside 'cause it was burning hot and I wanted to enjoy my food without sweating.

Definitely recommend this place!It was crowded and I waited a long time for a table....but when we were finally seated we were on the patio. It was beautiful outside and the people watching was the best. I LOVED my tomato and avocado salad. Delicious! The service was good, food wonderful. It was worth the wait.Voulez-vous manger avec moi, ce soir?

I recommend sitting out on the balcony area.  You have a nice view of the strip, including the Bellagio fountain shows across the street.  The food is delicious.  The bread was amazing, and I had the mussels which were perfectly cooked and flavored.  There are plenty of wines to choose from, and it's worth it to splurge here for dinner during your Vegas vacation.I don't think their is a better restaurant  in Las Vegas.  

Frangria, steak, frites and watching the Bellagio fountains.Melt in your mouth steak and mash potatoes worth every penny.From 1 being horrible and 5 being awesome:

Food - 3
Service - 4
View/Scenery - 5
Price - 2

Food was good.  I got the eggs benedict.  If you get a table with a view of the bellagio fountains, then it's probably the most awesome place to eat at on the strip.  Wish I could have tried more food.This place is perfect! We ordered the original steak herb and butter with mashed potatoes instead of their fried potato strings at no extra cost. The steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The view was a great compliment to the meal also. Everyone was very polite and made sure our drinks were always full. The only thing i noticed was that they forgot to give us the balsamic vinegar and oil for our bread but it really wasnt a big deal. I'm really suprised about the price for our meal, it wasn't ridiculously priced at all. Usually you get what you pay for but in this case its not true. Definitely going to be a regular for us!very good lunch place, great service, reasonably priced.

oysters du jour - pretty fresh
baked mac & cheese - delicious, cheesy crispy top, hot gooey sauce
steak frites - my least favorite dish, the steak was very dry
seared salmon w/orzo - VERY, VERY good.  cooked just enough to perfection.

the total came out to be about $90 with tax & 20% tip included.Good place to eat on the strip. Make reservations or be prepared to wait. This place is always packed. The reason for the 4 star is its a bit noisy for me & cramped. You can actually hear the next tables conversation. It's not good place for a first date as you cannot hear each other.We had dinner there, inside, and we both shared a patee to start with, and a drink and a glass of excellent wine. Then we both had steak au poivre which was also excellent and a good portion. The service, presentation and price was great.We recommend this restaurant any time. Good ambience inside, and we really did not want to sit outside for the noise. Perhaps we can sit outside and watch the people and the fountains at lunch another time.The service and atmosphere was first rate and the food was very tasty.  We have enjoyed  Mon Ami Gabi in other cities but this location definately stands out.Really wonderful. Better than I expected. Our server was wonderful and really attentive but didn't hover. She knew the menu in and out, which is important to me since I'm that annoying diner who asks loads of questions. 
They bring out a delicious and warm baguette to get you started with their shaved carrot 'accoutrement.' I honestly don't think it's a French dish, but nevertheless, it was tasty. Herbs, vinegar, and something else I couldn't put my finger on all blend nicely with the carrot. We got the jumbo shrimp cocktail to start - most of their appetizers were shell fish related and my honey is allergic, so the shrimp had to do. It was tasty, and their cocktail sauce had the lovely horseradish punch that I love. The only downside was the shrimp tasted a little 'fishy' to me. 
I had an heirloom tomato salad with basil pesto, goat cheese and baguette croutons. I would have been happy if dinner ended here. The tomatoes were so flavorful and the goat cheese was really nice with the acidity. 
We both had steak for dinner. It's a steakhouse after all, why go against the grain? We chose their classic cut which is pounded thin. I was worried about the doneness and tenderness of the meat, but was pleasantly surprised to have a perfectly medium steak that was anything but tough. I chose to have the Roquefort sauce while the man went with béarnaise. Their béarnaise was authentic and really quite good; I've had terrible representations lately. Now, possibly the best thing about dinner were the impossibly thin and delicious frites that they serve. What machine cuts then in such a way, I haven't the slightest, but I want one in my home! They are crispy, perfectly fried and lightly sea-salted. 
Moving on to dessert (and honestly, we should have stopped to avoid the utterly bloated feeling that was to come, but if you ever get to chance to eat this dessert-DO IT). We decided on the Banana's Fosters crepe. Best. Decision. Ever. There should be movies written about this crepe. I am a banana's Fosters fan to begin with, but this had just the right amount of rum to cinnamon to banana to caramel. Oh heavens...
We really enjoyed our dinner here, and before tip it was UNDER $100. We were shocked. I even had 2 cocktails! Really worth it - and if you're lucky, you can get a seat outside to watch the Bellagio water show, too!Came here with my wife for dinner and sat outside on the patio with a great view of the Bellagio water show. Nice setting for a good dinner.

-Frisee and warm bacon salad: Had a poached egg on top and when you crack that thing open and let it mix in with the salad it was excellent. One of the better salads I have had.

-French Onion soup: My wife had this as her starter and it was great. Quality gruyere and great flavor.

-Bone in ribeye without bernaise sauce: Cooked medium rare on the more rare side which was perfect. One of the better bone in's that I have had.

- Roast Chicken & Frittes - My wife had this and I was upset that she got roast chicken but it was excellent. Great crunch on the skin and very tender and moist chicken. Fries were also tasty.

Sides:
Brussel sprouts and sauteed mushrooms: Hard to go wrong with either. Fairly standard but brussel sprouts were better than most.This is one of my "go to"  restaurant on the strip...customer service....the price is right....ambiance is amazing and food is to die for! And if you're lucky and patient, you can sit on the patio over-looking Bellagio and the fountain show and of course people watching.  And it's remarkable how they accommodate your every requests from our anniversary to reunion. There famous for there steak and frites which all are amazing!  Definitely coming back again and again!I still love the food here, but when we went for a late lunch June 7, 2017, the hostess asked us if we wanted to sit inside or outside. I said, inside, with air conditioning. The temps have been over 100.  She assured us that it would have a/c, yet she seated us in a spot just inside a big opening to the outdoor part. The a/c was not very good there, and the sun came in and started really making it hot. Also, it really wasn't "inside" since there was that big opening and we could hear and see all the traffic. Lastly, there was a weird, unpleasant smell there. When someone tells you they want to sit indoors, they mean indoors, not half outdoors!  The food was still great and the waiter was fabulous. We probably should have asked to be moved, but we were settled and my husband didn't feel like getting up again.I have been itching to try Mon Ami Gabi and finally had the opportunity during a bachelorette weekend we had in sin city. Our party of 7 absolutely enjoyed the ambiance, service, and food of this cute French Bistro right on the strip, located at the Paris Hotel & Casino.

Cheese Plate ($15.95): 3 cheeses, 6 pieces of bread, chickpeas, and apple slices. I'm not a huge fan of fancy shmancy cheeses so I wouldn't recommend this if you can't eat strong cheese. The bread and chickpeas were the only things I could really enjoy!

Salmon, Spinach, and Baby Kale Salad ($20.95): Yummy! Great sized salmon over a bed of fresh spinach, kale, blueberries, walnuts, avocados paired with a citrus dressing.

Thank you Keith for the GREAT service!

-1 star for having to wait in the same line as walk-ins!I frequent Mon Ami Gabi at least once or twice when I am in town. My favorite restaurant in the US by far. Do try the hanger steak, it is the least expensive steak they have, but it is one of the tastiest. The Escargot are a major hit, as well as the lobster bisque (when in season). Great food all around, traditional french cuts of meat and most importantly thin fries.really good tuna tar tar = real French taste!
Instead of raw salmon feeling like sushi ( as sushi are usually cheaper than tar tar)

Really good poached egg and bacon salad as well.
Super fragrant and non-greasy!I came here last Saturday (2/27/16) for my dad's birthday. My mom loves this place as she can safely eat here as she has celiacs disease. They offer gluten free bread and will bring out her own butter so there is no cross-contamination. They have a gluten free menu and will  bring out the chef if you want them to.  She had the chicken with a basil sauce on it and she ate every bit and loved it. My dad had steak with amazing fries and my fiance had hanger steak with fries that he absolutely loved! I had trout almondine, which I have had other places but this was by far the best, with the sauce on the side and amazing green beans! to say the least i am a fan. We also had a complimentary dessert of vanilla ice cream in a puff pastry. It was really good! I Would recommend this place ot everyone especially if you have food allergies as well.Outside seating does not take reservations, so arrive early for a spot and you'll get a full view of the Bellagio fountain performances. The food is average and a bit pricey. My only highlight was the smoke salmon, super yummy.Been here several times and never disappointed. Portion sizes are great, staff attentive, atmosphere appropriate, prices are good. 

Last night, had steak classique, which is always good. The frites are tremendous. Bread, with whipped butter, is delicious. 

Also, a good breakfast spot. 

We eat here every trip to Vegas.I only had breakfast here last weekend and it was very very very good! I had the eggs benedict, 2 mimosas and a coffee...and of course this is a French bistro, I HAD to try their baguettes...which did NOT disappoint! Our waiter was fast, friendly and we had no clue that it was his first day on the job! (He told us after we finished and paid). Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be stopping here to enjoy another glorious meal.Went here for lunch on a quick 2-night trip to Vegas.

Location - excellent.  right accross from the bellagio fountains and right on the strip outside and under the Eiffel Tower in Paris.  Sat right inside beyond the patio with the patio doors open.  Great atmosphere for a lunch.

Service - great.  Not the super-friendliest server but was attentive and quickly brought extra sauces we requested

Food - very good.  love the toasty baguette they bring.  Very fresh.  We ordered the mussells and the steak sandwich with frittes.  The frittes take a little adjusting compared to American style fries but they were lovely crunchy with good flavor.  I really enjoyed the steak sandwich with melted cheese and au juis sauce for dipping.  the bun seemed like a french version of pretzel bun.  Mussells were good, but not excellent.

Good lunch experience.  want to go back and try dinner.I was in Las Vegas a few months ago, and the only thing that made my trip worthwhile was this restaurant. Not even strippers could have saved my trip from hell, but Mon Ami Gabi sure did. I ended up eating here for every meal during my three day visit which may sound strange, but with the excellent food and great service I received, it was totally worth it. Anything you order here will be delicious. You just can't go wrong. I ordered a Cobb salad for my lunch on the second day, and it was the best Cobb salad I've ever had. And I've had a lot of Cobb salads in my day. All the servers I had for my many meals here were excellent. Everybody was friendly and knowledgable, and most importantly, didn't question why I came in for every meal over a three day span. Great place, and will definitely be back on my next trip to Vegas!I have eaten here a few times. A few of my team liked it after going one night they didn't mind that we were hosting a dinner there again 2 nights later they had enjoyed the food so much. We took 11 people some with dietary restrictions and the staff were very attentive to their needs. The food was excellent from appetizers to desert. I have been with just one or two colleagues as well as 10+ and both times were enjoyable.I do like the atmos and food but $$$$, poop some chang outJ'adore Mon Ami Gabi!

One of my favorite places to have dinner in Vegas.  When it's not too cold, try to get seated in the outdoor patio so that you can watch the Bellagio fountain show while you eat.  They only take reservations for inside dining, so you might have to wait if you want to sit outside.

First of all, I love their bread.  It totally reminds me of the Disney/Pixar movie "Ratatouille" when Collette is teaching Remy about food: "How can you tell how good bread is without tasting it? Not the smell, not the look, but the sound of the crust."  The bread here is just like that.  Of course it looks and smells delicious, but when you break that first piece off, it makes that crisp crackling sound. 

Appetizer: I get a full order of the MUSSELS MARINIÈRE and share it as an appetizer.  The white wine sauce is absolutely divine -- great for bread dipping.
The garlic-herb butter used in the ESCARGOTS DE BOURGOGNE is delicious.
And my most recent discovery, SEA SCALLOPS GRATINÉES... perfect in every way.

Main Course: FILET MIGNON MERLOT.  All day, every day, and twice on Sunday. That Merlot butter is magical. 
However, I've recently become quite fond of their SALMON & LEEK QUINOA.  It's a light alternative for the times that I don't want steak.

Sides: BRUSSELS SPROUTS, SAUTÉED MUSHROOMS, MACARONI GRATIN.  yum. yum. yum. 

Dessert: BREAD PUDDING.  CREME BRULEE.

I never wake up early enough for brunch, but I hear that it's excellent!Fantastic, even though I learned I don't like escargot! Nice view of the Bellagio fountain from the terrace, and you may get serenaded by a sidewalk performer. Authentic french food, excellent steak frites. Saved some money by getting the sangria to share.Superb steak and appetizers! Only 4 stars because their baguette was a bit too hard. I like to dip my bread into natural steak juice but the bread came out hard so I didn't get to enjoy my steak. Maybe next time.Love the view from the patio over the Bellagio Fountain! The food is top notch! Our server was able to get me waffles even though we arrived just after breakfast ended! He was great! The weather was perfect! Will go back for eggs Benedict, next time earlier ;)Good quality filet mignon at a typical price. Service was okay. Steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare. This place is really busy and kind of loud, but that is to be expected.Amazing food and better service! Cheryl is wonderful!!!! She made us feel like we knew her for years. We had the oysters which were perfection and the baked goat cheese which was equally outstanding. Overall we will come back, request her, and leave full and happy!Romantic weekend in Vegas with the lady friend and wanted to have a nice steak.  Walked into Mon Ami Gabi without reservations and was told by the hostess that if we sat inside the restaurant we could be sat immediately. 

I'm not really fond of the whole faux-Paris experience anyways and would never wait 3 hours for a table on the patio... because at the end of the day, you are still in Las Vegas not France... We were sat at a nice table by the window and began the evening. 

The staff and service was excellent... never once did we have to ask for anything.  Our server was polite and charming.  Placed the napkin on my girlfriend's lap and made sure the wine glass was never empty.   

I ordered the Steak Béarnaise with frites.  A tender piece of flat steak cooked rare and served with a classic Béarnaise sauce.  I thought it was pretty good until I had a bite of my date's entrée and then wanted to cry. 

My girlfriend ordered the Filet Mignon with merlot butter and a red wine reduction.  Perfectly cooked rare and gave me a mouth orgasm that quickly spread to the rest of my body. 

I really like the frites here and I will submit a signed statement saying that they are much better than the fries at Bouchon. Hand-cut freshly made crispy deliciousness that pairs well with the steak.   These are my favorite fries. 

Washed it all down with a couple of glasses of nice Bordeaux. 

Flawlessly cooked Filet Mignon, tasty frites, and amazing red wine.... For a brief moment I felt as if I was floating naked in a hot tub on ecstasy...    

It was a fantastique night

Highly RecommendedMeghan was awesome, great service thank you. The restaurant itself is a little busy and loud, mainly due to the location. Food is above average.Excellent customer service here! Very happy with our experience despite some disgusting passerbys on the street. The establishment was very accomodating and thoughtful to make up for it which enhanced our experience very much. We were also able to enjoy many shows from the Fountains of Bellagio right from our seats on the patio. The food was delicious and even though it was chilly, there were warmers outside to keep us comfortable. Their signature filet mignon is a must try as well as their french onion soup. I'm looking forward to dining here the next time I'm in Vegas. Thank you for a very pleasant experience!Really enjoyed the ambience.  We were able to sit on the patio and people watch.  The food was tasty and the drinks were better.  Pricey but seemed in line with Vegas dining.We always stop by for brunch when in Vegas, great bloody Mary's and always order the yummy corned beef and hash w poached eggs.Fabulous dinner! Started with a baked pear martini, then housemade burrata cheese with olive tapenade, on to lamb T-bone with OMG artichoke and leek gratin...and wrapped up with a salted chocolate caramel tart. Our waiter, Francois, was the best waiter I have ever had. Made great recommendations and was the perfect level of attentive. An unforgettable evening. I'll be dreaming of the food for years to come.I love this place. Ordered the Cuban sandwich with gluten free bread. If you do GF....order this!!! The bread was to die for. Wow. And the sandwich was massive with perfect balance of each ingredient. It was a hot, cheese melted all over, crispy tender perfect Cuban. One of the top 5 sandwiches I've ever eaten. BF's Croque-Madame was incredible. Huge portions, quality ingredients, lovely space, good service. My favorite place in Vegas.Came here for a bachelorette brunch. We made a reservation for 14 guests, and had to sign a contract. We arrived 15 minutes before our reservation, and checked in at the front desk. The woman who seems to be the manager had attitude for no apparent reason. That is why I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5. We were seated promptly. On Saturdays, they have a brunch menu. I ordered the crab cake benedict (it was the dish of the day). SO GOOD. The egg was runny, and I didn't feel too heavy either unlike almost every other benedict I order. I also ordered a side of breakfast potatoes, but those are actually hash browns. I thought they were going to be little cubes of potatoes :(. Oh well. All in all, the meal was great. They also have DELICIOUS bloody maries. I hate V8, but this tasted delicious! Kind of like a lucas (mexican candy) flavor, but not really... you have to try it :).The boy was right, and decided at just the right moment to have us sit down and rest our weary feet inside the Paris casino. Hey, if I can't get to Paris itself, at least give me some wine and some fountains to stare at and I'll be happy. Throw in some fancy meat and you may get lucky.

The wait staff was nice and accommodating. My water was constantly refilled,and I had no idea how hungry I was until I nearly ate half the free bread on the table myself. 

I ordered the Salad Maison to start, lured in by the goat cheese crouton. It was your average salad, but very fresh and came with a great balsamic dressing. I can never recreate those at home. I also intended on ordering the roast pork and a lovely glass of Beaujolais, but instead, was given roast chicken and a glass of merlot. The merlot i let slide, but when I want my pork, rotisserie chicken does not suffice! Blame it on my cleavage, I know some people get distracted...but how does "Beaujolais" sound like "Merlot" and hows does Pork Roast, sound like "chicken"? 

The waiter was also an original Nor Cal native and very nice, so I wasn't bothered. I got a complimentary refill on my merlot and my pork came shortly thereafter. I passed the time munching on the boy's veggie plate--which I did envy. It was gorgeous, full of fresh, seasonal, comfort veggies and he was a member of the clean plate club. Garlic spinach, mashed cauliflower, roasted potatoes etc... delicious.

When my roast arrived, I blushed. I called it the "Pork Lollypop" since really, I don't get much fancier than ground turkey or Trader Joe's chicken strips these days on the dole. I was in pork heaven. Nestled gently on a pile of mashed potatoes with succulent roasted carrots wedged on it's sides, this roast was bathed in a savory citrus sauce--like nothing I've ever tasted, and probably won't for a while more. 

Excellent service, reasonable Vegas prices for food that does not include french fries or gas bubbles and a great decor. It was dimly lit, sexy and I had a view of the Bellagio fountains from the table, minus the 20 degree wind chill factor. Oo la la!Fortuitous arrival. Our party of five was seated immediately on the patio. We had the burrata cheese appetizer and I had the steak frites classique. Both were fantastic. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. I would definitely come back.Great restaurant at the Paris hotel, I think steak frites is they're specialty, superb!!! Can't wait to go back, great for groups or a romantic dinner!Had reservations for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. Wanted to sit outside but it was an hr wait. We ordered a sangria and a bloody mary. They have a bloody mary bar so you will actually make it yourself. Its unlimited. For the food we ordered the salmon spinach salad, seafood crepe and the french toast topped w blueberries. The salmon was moist and the spinach had a light dressing. It couldve had more flavor but overall it was a nice light meal. My friend had the seafood crepe which had a cheesey creamy filling. It wasnt too heavy. The shrimp was really good. It was separate from the crepe. A good grilled season to it. I believe it was 5 pcs. The french toast came w blueberries and a blueberry syrup. I thought it has a nice crisp outside but was still soft in the inside. It was pretty sweet for me but my friend had no problem fisnishing it. This place is always a good choice.Fancy, expensive, and delicious spot in "Paris"! 

Dined here on a Saturday evening. We had reservations so we were seated quickly at a table near the window, which faced the Bellagio fountains. The ambiance was very dark, and the restaurant was PACKED. The tables were also very close together so space was tight when navigating through.

I ordered the Bordelaise steak, medium rare. The steak was good but not amazing. I LOVED the caramelized onions and the red wine sauce. I kind of wished there was more sauce for the amount of steak. The steak also came with crispy, thin fries, which I really enjoyed. There was a lot of food and it definitely filled me up.

Not a place I would hit up regularly, but I'm definitely interested in coming back for a fancy night out (when I have more $$) and would recommend this spot!Food and Waitress were excellent. I see why this place isn't 4.5.   The reason is the seating staff are bunch of air heads....   Made reservation shown up on time, then told to wait 15mins.   Came back n 15mins, then told another 15mins.  I asked how about that table at the corner of the bar, then tells me yeah we can seat you here right away.....    So now this explains to me we didn't have to wait that 30mins at all...   Dear owner and manager, please please please hire better people...first impression is bad, and that's why it's 4.0 rating.Had a large group dinner with a semi fixed menu last night.  It was crowded and loud,  but the food was great and the service was excellent.  Both the filet mignon and lemon salmon were cooked to perfection,  salad was room temperature (I hate refrigerated salads) and dressing was tasty and just enough.  Desert,  chocolate mousse and creme brulee, were a sure finish.  Definitely recommend.This is one of my strip favorites.  I've had the pleasure of lunch and dinner and each experience has been delightful.  I enjoy the Hanger steak in the late afternoon...I recommend to go during the 4 o'clock hour or so in the spring season best to wait for patio seating since it is directly across The Bellagio fountain show.  Moreover, the hanger steak is excellent with a side of frites and also paired with nice bodied red wine preferrably a pinot noir.  Don't forget the chicken liver pate prior to the main course!  Also don't hesitate to sit and dine for at least a couple hours, enjoy the scenery and sip on wine. Enjoy!Loved it! Although it was kinda chilly to seat outside we didnt mind and it was worth it- very romantic overlooking the B's fountains. I had the crab cake apptz (yum!) and the Mac & Cheese (double yum), my husband had the salmon and he raved about it as well, no wine and the bill added up to aprox $60My friends and I visited over Spring Break and were very pleased with our experience!! The service was excellent! Glasses kept full of water, fresh loaves of bread with staff offering fresh garlic to accompany. We shared the escargot, which was by far the best choice I've made in a while, absolutely delectable!! We all opted for eggs Benedict, which were respectable for a French restaurant, and Prime steak sandwiches, which were by far the best! Definitely would recommend for your visit to Vegas!!!A must do when in Las Vegas. Great service! Great ambiance! Great food! I went last year and couldn't wait to return this year. Mon ami Gabi met my expectations again!!!!This place was great!  The food was superb, the staff was really on point even to the point of cleaning up the crumbs that were on our table.  The food was delicious and not extremely overpriced (esp for Vegas).  We managed to get some patte and corned beef on the cusp of breakfast/lunch.  Our waiter managed to sneak us in.  

However, the greatest perk of this restaurant is that it is right in front of the Belagio.  The fountain wasn't working when I was there, but I can imagine it going off while you're eating your meal.I love this restaurant!! My friends and I were staying at Paris and we decided we wanted to come here for dinner for my friend Sharmendra's birthday. We came on a Tuesday night  and it was pretty crowded. We thought that we would have to wait but we ended up getting seated right away. It was dark which gave the restaurant a very intimate ambiance. 

As we were seated, we were greeted right away and someone took our drinks. After about sitting for 15 minutes, our server came to to greet us. After taking our orders, we waited another 15 to 20 minutes to get our food. I had ordered the Sea Seared Scallops. They were quite delectable! I had never tasted anything like this in my life! I was very satisfied with the quality. My friend Jennifer ordered the Hangover Steak, which she thought was divine. Michelle had ordered the French Onion Soup and the Crab Cakes. She was very content with what she had ordered. Sharmendra ordered the Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad. It looked so good from afar and he agreed. We were all pleased with our food selections. 

I would have given this place 5 stars, but the service was not all that great. Our server only returned once after we had received our food and he wasn't that friendly. But overall, the food was very delightful and the atmosphere was very relaxing.I had an exceptional dinner here this weekend.  We sat on their lovely outdoor patio and had a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains along with the perfect front row seats for people watching the Las Vegas Blvd pedestrians.  Dinner here is always tasty- I had the salmon this time and loved every bite.  Their wine list is nice, the dessert menu is tempting.  Service can be hit or miss.  It's a busy place, so if you are wanting to dine on the patio make sure to give yourself ample wait time.Amazing food. Great atmosphere. Easy basic breakfast items and creative spins on classics. Good way to get fueled for a day in Vegas!A friend who lives in Henderson recommended this place and after checking other Yelp reviews we decided to give it a try. Located inside Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino, just go inside and hang a left. Myself and two friends dined here for lunch on Sunday 7-April. Most things on the menu looked appetizing and of course Steak Frites is classic French so you can't go wrong there. I had the Prime Steak Sandwich which I enjoyed very much. It came with a side that was a cross between potato chips and french fries. A much lighter option to fries and still tasty. I did try the Steak Frites as a friend ordered it. I would not hesitate to order that item. It was cooked perfectly as was the steak for my sandwich. I washed it  all down with a classic French Beer - Kronenbourg 1664. They of course have a full bar and a fairly extensive wine menu. The wait staff had name tags but the only thing listed was a number which I found odd. Staff-wise they were all friendly and accommodating. Outside seating seems to be a hot commodity but we wanted to sit inside anyway since it was a little warm out there. One oddity was the lack of crepe options. I would have expected a fairly extensive crepe menu for both savory and sweet crepes. I mean, it's all just toppings really. A crepe is a crepe so to limit what your kitchen staff can put inside said crepe seems odd, especially for a French restaurant. Overall it was a great lunch and we would all eat there again. If you are thinking about it, give it a shot.Though I only had two appetizers, this place really hit the spot!
 Came here after searchin for a place to grab a lite bite to eat. And needless to say, it was right on! 
 The bartender was quick to rush me my tab after ordering my drink, until I asked if I could eat at the bar. She quickly obliged. 
 I asked her how the pate was and she said most like the chicken since it has a smoother consistency, and the meat was a little too chunky for most. 
 Meat pate it is! Good. Full of flavor. Nice texture. Not really like a true pate though. Still enjoyable. Came with cornichons, cocktail onions, grain mustard n toasted bread. 
 The frisee and bacon salad with fried egg was delish! The egg was cooked perfectly with a nice runny yolk! 
 The overall menu looks impressive, which I look forward to conquering in the future. And the prices are quite reasonable. 
 Nice wine list.My husband and I go here every time we are in Vegas.  The service and food are worth every penny.  We love to sit on the patio, people watch, and watch the Bellagio fountains.  We enjoy the warm Brie as a starter.  The chicken and steak are so tender and flavorful.  I especially love the steak with the blue cheese sauce.  It melts in your mouth.  You don't even need a knife to cut it.  Some say the prices are high but I think the prices match the quality of food you are getting.This was the best restaurant we ate at while in Vegas. The atmosphere and ambiance can't be beat! I loved the French martini and warm bread to start. The salmon with lentils was delicious. My only regret is we didn't have a chance to visit again! Oh and the waiter rocked! He was so friendly!Came here for dinner because it was convenient, and not too busy on a Sun night. It's not overly expensive for what you get, which is a huge plus in Vegas when there's a surplus of overpriced restaurants everywhere. 

At night, it's quite dimly lit. They first serve a perfectly cooked loaf of bread that's crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Entrees are served with a protein with a side. I got the flattened chicken and fries on the side. Chicken was slightly on the salty side but tasty. On the side was a huge mound of fresh cut fries that were nicely fried.Wow! I had never had a steak prepared french bistro style. I usually get my steak " steak house" style. A thick cut of meat, not seasoned and served on a plate. Let me tell Mon Ami Gabi steaks are tops!. I had the steak bordlaise which was one of the most tender rich, buttery and savory pieces of steak i have ever had. The frites are incredibly flavored with just the right amount of salt. Mon Ami is as good as a steak house gets without the pretentious steakhouse prices.Had a very nice meal. Scallops and mahi mahi were delicious. The chocolate lava was "melt-in-your mouth" good! A friend in our group had a gluten allergy and was given her own plate of gluten free bread and olives which was a nice touch. If it's not the right temperature to eat outside, the sunroom is a nice alternative. The room is quite bright and you can see the Bellagio fountains across the street.My boyfriend and I went for a late dinner after watching a show and loved this place. The wait staff was nice. I had the pasta dish and it was amazing! We had a wonderful view of the Bellagio water show. Mon ami Gabi is a romantic gem in the middle of the Vegas hustle and bustle. We would love to go back.Kalani's Birthday weekend was coming to an end.  We shared our last meal in Vegas at Mon Ami Gabi.  Breakfast in Paris, lunch back home in Hawaii.  Why not?

We started at the "Make your own Bloody Mary Bar".  Funny how our outings usually begin and end at a bar, but I digress...   For 10 bucks you choose your vodka, they bring a generous pour in a tall glass and over to the "bar" you go.  There are mixers both spicy and mild, olives of all kinds, celery, beef sticks, pickled veggies, and horseradish to name a few options.  Don't like your drink, blame the bartender...

For breakfast we had Slow Roasted Beef Eggs Benedict, loved the creamy Hollandaise sauce over the braised short ribs.  Classic Quiche Lorraine with bacon cheese and onions.  Corned beef hash with poached eggs and a roasted red pepper sauce completed our meal,  We all enjoyed the entrees, but liked the Bloody Marys more.

All in all a good breakfast.  We arrived just in time and got to sit on the patio by the windows.  Pretty funny watching the stragglers from the night before head back to their hotels early in the morning...  The view was priceless and made us remember days gone by.  Au Revior, Mes Amis!...thanks for sharing your Birthday weekend, it was a blast!I have loved Mon Ami Gabi for years.  The best bouillabaisse in town.  The outdoor seating is a little touristy, but can be romantic with the Bellagio fountain show directly across the Boulevard.  Also, any seafood dish is delectible.The atmosphere is beautiful in here- and this is why you should come.  Whomever designed this restaurant derserves a big kudos.  I love the lighting, the tile, and the glass ceiling by the patio.  I love how you can see the Bellagio fountains from the patio-so perfect, and how they remember to keep you warm here with their patio heaters. :)

  It loses a star because the food taste just "average" to me.  I've been here twice.  Once I got an apple salad that left me still hungry (I think it's meant of more of an appetizer than an entree), the other time I got the Classique steak (my husband and I share the appetizers of the mac&cheese, and sweet potato soup), everything was "just okay."  Big portions but ordinary tastes.  

The bread was amazing through, and bread is important to me!  The warm bagette with carrot dressing (sounds gross but trust me, it was fantastic).  I might try this place for breakfast sometime after reading the reviews here.很好吃，我和老婆吃了blueberry waffles, croissant sandwich, mushroom omelette, 都挺不错！
It is so delicious, I think all of your guys should come to try this French breakfast!Nice view, decent food (but can be hit or miss), mostly good service. Menu is not extensive though. Bread is their best feature! Choose outside seating, inside not worth it.My husband and I first came upon Mon Ami Gabi on a trip to Vegas back in 2000. We had just gone up the Eiffel Tower and when we came down we were hungry. It was pretty late so rather than wander the strip aimlessly looking for something to eat, we decided to head into Mon Ami Gabi and give it a try. We were so glad we did because it was one of the best meals we had on that trip. Every year we go to Vegas, every time we're there we eat at Mon Ami Gabi at least once. The steaks are perfect, the service is good and the atmosphere is wonderful. I only remember one time where one of the people in our party didn't care for their steak, they didn't realize that a hangar steak is a very tough cut. The server took note that the steak was hardly touched and when they found out they reason why they promptly removed the steak, asked what else we would like and made the substitution. The steak was comped and the subtituted item was not added to the bill. That's service! I also love Mon Ami Gabi's cocktails, in particular their Espresso Martini, so good!  All in all this is a great place that we go to again and again, wouldn't be a trip to Vegas without a stop at Mon Ami Gabi. I think we'll try the breakfast next time we go.A reservation is ALWAYS best here! We frequently stay at the Paris Hotel and we love the food, service and ambiance of this restaurant!!! There's always a line of people waiting to get in, but you're always guaranteed an enjoyable dining experience.Solid restaurant.  I came here while on a girls' getaway.  I had the Steak au Poivre, which was excellent.  My friend's filet mignon with merlot butter looked really good too.  The absolute tastiest was the potatoes au gratin. It was expensive, but we ate at this restaurant knowing we'd be dropping some bills.  All in all, a great experience.  However, with so many great places to eat in Vegas, I might not be back for a little while.  I gotta spread the love, ya know?Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains. My cousin and I both ordered the Bordelaise Steak and it was amazing! The service was mediocre. Our waitress never came to check on us, hence the reason why I didn't give 5 stars. But the other staff were attentive when we needed our waters filled. The prices are appropriate for the serving size and the flavorful food.Came here on a Friday eve around 9 but we did not have reservations so were placed on a wait list of about 2 hours, wondering if it's worth the wait, yes it was.
This place made me fall in love with the french cuisine. I love sea food and this place is good at it. We ordered champagne given we were celebrating something special.
The sea food tasted out of this world, fresh and yummy, all ingredients mixed very well together. I would say that they have the best sea scallops I've ever tried. We also ordered escargot, oysters, salmon and some other menu items and we were happy with everything we got. 
I ll deff recommend this place to any one for the variety of selections they have and for the amazing taste and aroma. 
I hope I go back to Vegas to visit this place againI really liked this restaurant. I went here for dinner and right from the beginning the experience was great. We didn't arrive in time for the first-come-first-serve patio seating, but since we had made reservations, we were seated bordering the glass window and the deck. This means that we got a full view of what everyone else sees from the deck, which is the beautiful Bellagio fountain/water show and all the people walking by. 

We ordered the scallops with the whipped cauliflower and spinach and we ordered the Steak Au Poivre - brandy peppercorn sauce with fritas. The scallops were very flavorful, but a bit overcooked (still great). The steak was a bit too thin and the fries a little too salty, but also both were good. We also tried the french onion soup, which was delicious. It's one of the best that I've ever had.

The service was great and the prices were reasonable. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone going to Vegas. Make a reservation though so that you can get a better "outside" seating seat. It's one of the only places with an outdoor seating area next to Cabo Wabo.This is one of my favorite places to eat on the strip...actually in the entire valley (it's a toss up between Eiffel Tower and here).  The wait can be longer for a seat on the patio, but it's soooo worth it. The view of the Bellagio fountains and the people watching can't be beat.  My favorite dish is the Seafood Crepe...scallops, shrimp, peas and cream.  Pair that with a glass of their Pinot Noir or Merlot and the french bread they bring to the table....pure heaven.  I've had their pan-seared cod special and it was light, flavorful and I wish it were a staple on the menu.  Really, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!This restaurant is wonderful!  I had the Lemon Chicken Paillard and it was delicious.  The atmosphere was romantic, the staff was friendly and attentive.  Everything was superb.My girls and I felt like we were on the scenes of "Sex and the City" as we sat, chat, sipped on some mimosas, and ate brunch outdoors of Mon Ami Gabi. The staff here is very professional and provides great service and personal opinions of what dishes are good. I asked about the Chocolate-Bacon Waffle ($11.95), and the server highly recommended it and was one of her favorites. So that's what I got. Who cares if the combination sounds funny? The mix of sweet and salty flavor was superb. My girlfriends thought it was interesting too and was skeptical to try my dish, but when one was brave enough and thought it was good, the others followed and decided to give it a shot. Well aren't they glad they did.Many of my friends hype up Mon Ami Gabi and quite frankly, I am not sure why.

It has a nice brunch menu but nothing to blow your foodie expectations out of the water. Service is fine but not excellent. The prices are on the high end while portions are smaller than you'd find at most breakfast/brunch spots. 

Not a bad place by any means, I just don't see what the big deal is.This place is fantastic. The food, the service, the location right in front of the Bellagio fountains. I cannnot reccomend it enough.This place gets 5 stars.  Vegas is expensive, but this place serves up fantastic food at realistic prices.  Beware of fake french accents!  Great views and great steaks.Excellent. Need I say more? Huge portions of steak. Delicious smoked salmon. Crusty bread was warm. Overall delicious. Did not disappoint. Pricey but worth every penny. Service stellar. Overall experience was fabulous.Great food. Great atomsphere.  Good for lunch or dinnerThere's not many other spots on the strip that could rival this place for people watching over a yummy breakfast!  The fact that the spot is so great does make Mon Ami VERY busy especially on a weekend (be prepared for an hour long wait at least) and, frustratingly the buzzer they give you to alert you when your table is ready only works if you're in the immediate vicinity of the restaurant which rules out a wander around the shops to kill the time!  Once you're in the food is pretty good and the fresh bread they serve is a lovely addition.  My husband and I tried a few dishes on the menu including steak and eggs (which my husband raved about), goats cheese omelet (which was very tasty) and blueberry waffles (could have been better).  Overall I'd definitely recommend having breakfast or brunch here at least once during your trip but maybe avoid weekends!!Had a beautiful dinner on the patio overlooking the fountain show for my birthday with loved ones.  Each and every part of our experience was fantastic.  This will be one of the best French meals you'll ever have.We LOVED everything about this place! The steak bordelaise was the best I've ever had. Georgina was an amazing waitress who was so sweet, knowledgable and always seen but only conveniently heard. The view of the Bellagio fountains was the icing on the cake! Will come again!Best ambience one could ask for , right in the middle of the strip, directly overlooking the Bellagio fountain show across the road. We were out looking for a perfect meal and after much research we decided on Mon Ami Gabi which was just as cute and french as the name. We were seated on the patio without much wait and were served by this wonderful lady who was very generous with her suggestions. We got an order of the french onion soup which was de-licious and was served with a freshly baked baguette accompanied with whipped butter and a carrot relish. The only way to describe the carrot relish is by saying that my husband who cannot stand carrots requested for a second serving!! For our main course we ordered the hanger steak and a side of brussel sprouts. Although we asked for the steak to be cooked medium rare, it came out well done but no harm done cause the flavour was incredible and the hand cut fries it came with were great. The brussel sprouts were flash fried and totally elevated the humble vegetable. My husband and I enjoyed a romantic night out with brilliant service and ambiance. Will definitely visit this restaurant again when I m back in vegas.Very delicious breakfast! Our hash brown and bacon was burnt so I am sure it would have tasted better if it wasn't burnt..we cut out the burnt pieces and ate the rest. The egg Benedict Sandwhich was really good.Wish i was with a man... but i was with my 40 somthing GF, we wanted good food.... so we decided to have a romantic dinner lol

Very Romantic... perfect for couples!


The food was amazeing.....our waiter was hilarious...he wass so sweet and cute..... he recommended the special of the night to  me... i went with that.... it was so really good!

I will definatly return... hopefully next time with the oppisite sex!I love this place!  It is one of my favorites restaurants in Las Vegas.  Food and Wine are always great.  Whether we get fish or steak it is always done to perfection. . .Try the awsome merlot butter with your fillet.  YUM  YUM.   The view of the Bellagio fountains just ads to the experience.excellent food.  had the filet-au poivre--perfect medium rare, with excellent taste.  Paired nicely with a great bordeaux.  Terrific service!This place is incredible! I don't think they have anything that is not 5 star flavor! Ate here twice in 3 days.Great service, food, and view. All at a fair price. Its always busy so may have to eat inside. My favorite for breakfast on the strip.Mon Ami Gabi is my go to place for breakfast when I am in Vegas. One trip, I was in Vegas for a week and went there 3 times. The service is great, and staff is very helpful, professional, and friendly. 

Things you must order for breakfast/brunch:

1. Salmon Eggs Benedict
The egg is perfectly poached with a runny yolk in the middle. The hollandaise sauce is tasty, and salmon is fresh.

2. Nutella Waffle
If you are craving something chocolatey, I would definitely recommend the Nutella Waffle. The waffles are light, crispy on the outside, and tasty.

3. Blueberry French Toast
If you would prefer something sweet with fruits, I would recommend the blueberry french toast. The french toast and berries are so tasty that syrup isn't needed.

4. Orange juice
I always order a cup of orange juice. Its freshly squeezed and tasty. 

I brought my whole family here to check it out and they were impressed!Great service and solid food.  Ended up going here as a second choice but well worth it.  Really enjoyed our time and had a better than average experienceWe had a excellent dinner and service. Our waiter  (Doug) was very informative and provided us a 5 star performance. Our entire experience was amazing. We did not have a reservation and we were offered to sit on a high top in the bar area.  Not recommended if you are thinking of having a quiet relaxing environment.  Regardless we had a choice to wait an hour or sit at the bar. The staff overall was very attentive and friendly.  Next time we will make reservations for their patio area.This establishment is located in the Paris hotel, across from Bellagio. High volume is during the weekends for dinner. PLEASE try to make a reservation during the times of Christmas, NYE, and Valentines Day season. It will be very hard to get a walk-in. There is also many sections of the restaurant to be seated at. First room is the wine room, which is midly dark. Chose this room if you are there for drinks or for 'intimate' time. One problem is that it is near the front where people are walking in and out constantly. There is outside seating available, which faces the strip and Bellagio fountains. It is both good and bad, since some annoying tourist might bother you while you are eating. But the fountain show is wonderful to watch while outside. There is also a room that is inside but right behind the patio, so you get all the ambiance of the patio but you are technically inside.

I believe I have eaten here four times. 

The first time was with a friend for lunch and both the food and service were excellent. We were walk-ins on a Saturday during lunch. We were seated outside facing the bellagio fountains, which was beautiful.  I had clam soup, brie & garlic, Shrimp Gabi and escargot. We also ordered the Pinot Gris, which was excellent with the meal. The price was reasonable for the quantity and quality of food we had (the bill came to about $120US). Everything was flavorful and fresh. Based on this meal alone, we would highly recommend this restaurant.

Second & third time was with my friends (who are yelpers as well). The third time, we sat in the room behind the patio (since it was hot outside).  I basically ordered all the same things from the first visit and it tasted just as good. These times, were had ordered dessert, which was a vanilla type of milkshake. It was incredible. 

Fourth time, I will say I was disappointed in both the food and service. Perhaps cause one of the individuals with us was a friend of the assistant manager, and it seemed that we were being ignored or just not waited on as well as others there. The service at lunch was erratic and inattentive though the restaurant was not that busy than it had been at any of my previous meals. I wanted to try their Quiche and was not impressed. It was dry with very little flavor, and bland.  My boyfriend's meal was no better, which I believe was a steak of some kind. It was pretty dry. Even though we did not pay for this meal, the value was not nearly as good as the value the past few times. 

From my experience I would still highly recommend the restaurant. I have been to more expensive French restaurants and this place is honestly great for the price. Just do not be discouraged from one bad meal. I would say that  is a great ratio.Long wait for the patio, but totally worth it! We were seated in about 45 mins on a busy Saturday afternoon right next to the busy street. 

The chairs and table gave a Parisian feel but the loud Vegas tourists (I'm one myself) made me remember I am still in the US. 

Service was extremely good and my water
Glass or al

Food : we ordered the seafood tower cause I love seafood . The seafood was tasty and fresh on the tower. My favorite turned out to be the salmon ceviche, it had avocado and sesame oil. We also ordered The crab cake, I would skip this , had very minimal lump crab and too much breading for me.Best chill place on a Sunday afternoon on the strip. Sit, enjoy the bloody mary buffet, great food every time, people watch the passerby's, catch a couple Bellagio water shows, enjoy some french baguettes with real butter. mmm good. Always sit outside, do not be scared of the long wait time, they always seat us before our given wait time and if they don't, who cares- enjoy the vegas vibe!Such a lovely visit!   Have been in the past and finally got back on this visit to town.   Thank you to Debbie for making our anniversary lunch special with a comped dessert and candle!!!   The food was wonderful - the bread so good (!), the service was great and it was a busy afternoon - and the outdoor setting was just what we were looking for that day.   We will be returning again!Incredibly friendly and professional wait staff. (Had a younger woman waittress around lunch time, wish I remembered her name!) She was so nice and helpful!
It was hard to even make a choice as far as menu options because everything sounded equally amazing.
Just wanted to give them the positive review they deserved. I had the french onion soup, open faced tuna sandwich, and an awesome chocolate mousse dessert. I will post pictures of all!
Thanks for a great lunch :)Great view of the Bellagio fountain, great crepe, great bread, service...etc

Don't leave Vegas without brunch here at some point.Came here for brunch on Monday. Outside patio dining was full of people. We opted to sit inside though. My cousin and friend who was with me wanted waffles, so they ordered the blueberry and banana foster waffles and I went for the their Croque Madame. Our food came out quick. Everything was plated beautifully. My cousin inhaled her waffles. I had some of my friend's blueberry waffles and it was delicious. Crispy on the outside and soft fluffy inside. My Croque Madame was just ok. The side of fries that came with it was yummy though. Orange juice $4 and there no free refills. Overall a good brunch place, but next time if i come back I will get the Waffles!Food was great. Sat outside on the patio in January thanks to portable heaters.  I enjoy this spot every time I come to Vegas. The bread and mashed cauliflower is heavenly.  I tried salmon this time since I always eat steak here (steaks are excellent).  It was ok--ever so slightly dry but still good.  But I do wish I'd ordered the ribeye or filet mignon as I normally do...Went to Mon Ami this weekend with a group of 6 girls. We waited over 45 minutes to sit in the Pavillion area when we had reservations at 9pm.
They sat us at a VERY small round table in the middle of the walkway, which was uncomfrotable. The patio door was open which isnt so bad but they also had the AC on blast. Helloo its almost 10pm and it was 60 degrees outside!
Our waiter. Such a miss. I asked if Marlin was working that night and he wasnt ;( Our waiter was TERRIBLE. 
He was unattentive, flat out ignored us, took forever, wasnt professional and really didnt have a good persoanlity. Smile a little!
The worst were the slow bustboys. They left us with our dirty plates for too long, reached across the table to serve food and lifted plates ABOVE my head to clear things away. Derfinately not ok in our book. 
The food was generally very good as always. Their special of fish in Saffron sauce was NOT good and we sent it back. Luckily that was refunded on the bill. 
Steaks, frite, and desserts (Creme Brulee and Flourless Chocolate Cake were VERY good). 

I will definately come again because its worth it. This night was just a miss because of the waiter. Next time, Im calling ahead for Marlins shift.After our first decadent evening in Vegas, the first thing on our minds was getting hydrated and nourished ASAP. Our party of four was staying at Paris so it was a no brainer that we'd pay the much praised Mon Ami Gabi a visit for a quick brekkie.

At 9:30am there was hardly any wait and we all were seated in the glass atrium overlooking the busy strip and Bellagio fountains. With coffee and o2 in hand, we were off to a great start!

Our server was congenial, efficient and helpful with the menu, as well.  

We went with the famous Croque Madame, traditional eggs and sausage with crispy hash browns, large mixed berry crepe, and corned beef hash & poached eggs, respectively.  

There was a bit of a wait but nothing too bad and the food was definitely worth the wait! Everything was fresh, nicely plated and the portions were very generous.

Our coffees were always topped off and waters constantly filled without asking, which was nice. 

Overall, a fantastic breakfast stop at Mon Ami Gabi. The food was solid, service was on point and the price was very reasonable for the location. 

Next stop, sippin on margaritas in our  poolside cabana :)

Happy Eats!For a long time this was my favorite restaurant in Vegas. There's just too many to choose from though and the last time I was here the experience wasn't as great. 

Go early and be prepared to have to have to wait. I've only been for breakfast/lunch because of the delicious chicken crepe I get that literally melts in your mouth. Its so tender. I also love the drinks here. Mimosas!   You can get a seat on the patio on a nice day and people watch.LOVED LOVED LOVED the food, great service, but...
You've gotta go at night and sit outside so you can see the Bellagio Watershow while eating but this is Vegas so even at 10pm it's still 90 degrees and kinda hard to enjoy their delicious steak in the heat.  I could never imagine eating on the patio for lunch but maybe a quick drink in the afternoon would be alright.  They do have indoor seating but what makes this expensive meal worth it is the view of the strip, so go late, hope it's a cool night, enjoy the view and LOVE your steak.Mon Ami Gabi perhaps won't win an award for some of the best food you'll ever have and half the menu items can be a bit pricey.  However, it is an overall solid restaurant on the Vegas strip that will get you good food for a relatively good price with a great view.  

We made a reservation beforehand easily on OpenTable and seated pretty quickly.  Service was relatively friendly (note you're going to need a shirt and shoes I believe) although it took a while for the food to come out interestingly enough.  

Make sure to try to either get a patio seat or if it's too hot, the room right by the patio that will still give you an open view of the Bellagio across the street.  This room not only will keep you very cool but you'll get a great sight of the awesome Bellagio fountains while you're eating without having to stand and watch.  

Food-wise, they have a brunch menu that is relatively cheap along with a regular menu filled with a lot of different items from crepes to steaks (it can get pricey depending on what you get).  I had the seafood crepe for about $16 and although it wasn't the best crepe I've ever had, the sauce and the fresh-tasting shrimps/scallops were solid along with a cranberry juice (they had a full drink bar/menu of a lot of items).  

So again, if you're in Vegas and want a solid, consistent place with a great view, you can't really go too wrong with Mon Ami Gabi.The food was solid, the ambiance was nice, prices were a lot more than $$ contrary to what Yelp says however, I did not appreciate eating in the bar stool chairs.  Not compfortable at all, so I recommend holding out for a real table.Great wine list, get the salad with the poached egg, food is stellar, get outside seating during the fountain show.Parisian bistro in Paris casino with great outdoor seating to people watch. Host was kind and swift.  Waiter was thorough and explained the specials of the day.  The food came out quick, and the pommes frites was light, crispy and with a good taste.  The croque Monsieur was good, cheesy, and nice sliced ham.  The outdoor seating was great but they should provide a huge canopy to protect from the sun.  (Very hot sun in the outdoor seating area). Then it would be perfect to enjoy people watching in peace.  The cocktail was not worth it for the price. And they could add a
Chocolate soufflé to their desert menu.Delicious breakfast! Very filling, I was full all day! I haven't had the opportunity to eat lunch/dinner there but I will next time. Breakfast was so spectacular that dinner must be just as wonderful. Besides, if you drive by it's always packed which is another obvious indicator that the food is great.

On a side note, my father is VERY picky and wasn't too thrilled that I made reservations at a French restaurant (he has issues with trying new foods), but he LOVED it, so if you have picky eaters in your family don't worry!As a vegas local this is one of the only places ill venture to the strip for to have a meal.  The escargot is here is the only place Ill order it, streaks are great... make sure you sub out the pomme frites if your not a fan, they're not normal "french fries" as the name suggests, but rather wide long potato sections (think pickle shape) so you're not traditional, who cares? Do make sure you ask to be seated on the "outdoor/indoor patio"  you won't be outside per say, but dinning out of the old school dining room without having to see/hear thousands of drunk tourists ruining your dining experience.  
its great food without being too uptight.My husband & I had dinner here on our wedding day, 2/26/13. We were seated immediately on the outdoor patio. (Around 5:30-6:00 PM-ish). The heat lamps out there were helpful. :) Wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains & the service was incredible! We told our waiter that it was our wedding day. We were served champagne and dessert was sent out after our meal. 

The baguette was fantastic and the beet/apple/fennel served with it was very tasty. For dinner, we had the filet mignon-YES, YES & YES! Best meal we have ever had the pleasure of eating! 

Mon Ami Gabi was a great experience and helped make our day even more special. :) Fun atmosphere, great food with a touch of romance....A must-go!Top  perfect placement for a restaurant. 
Food & service A1! 

If you're looking for a top class and good food here it is!Went to Mon Ami Gabi on the 2nd day of our Vegas trip for lunch, as always, the charming patio which fully seated with beautiful people around the world, I turned and asked my party if they care to sit in or sit out, they said sit in of course, with temperature like this.

Step in at the front desk, with no one welcomed us, I looked around and try to find a friendly face to ask about my reservation. With four ladies standing, one finally smiled and softly asked how many, I said I've had reservation for three. She looked down and found my name and called me by my last then have another lady directed us to our table... which did not been reserved. Seemed fine to them I guess, for a Thursday afternoon, more than half of the restaurant were empty... maybe that's why our table didn't get reserved. I always reserve if I could, just to make sure we have a spot when arrived, but the patio area were completed seated, would be nice if they may inform people about the situation during booking, cause for people who does reservation, usually expect for the best seat in the house.

I step in to the patio just to check around the environment, surprisingly, the patio is not heated at all, even with all the natural sun light hitting right through the dining area, the restaurant control the temp at a perfect level. I told the waiter i would appreciate if we could switch our seating to the patio, she said she will direct us once there are available seating in the patio. Gladly there were one table open soon after.

Water service were nice and fast, menu and daily special were quickly explained. Complementary bread came out during our menu reading but it's all too fast and almost makes me felt like they are rushing to get you in and out of the restaurant, reminded me the notorious restaurant service around this town.

My order was the seafood crepe, jumbo shrimps and scallops placed along the plate seems pretty worth the price, but not so much when i realized there were nothing inside the crepe but couple of soggy peas with dressing. I'm not sure if I'm asking too much cause the shrimp and scallops were huge but that crepe is just tasteless, I would never make comment as such only when I've had better ones, and sure I've had better ones. Just wish it could have a better balance I supposed. The rest of the party loved the food and said will definitely return for other items from the menu.

Restaurant itself is lovely, the decor and the seating atmosphere were just darling, with its location and the reasonable pricing on the food, this restaurant surely stands out on the strip and will stay this way for long. Definitely a must try when in town.Service was excellent waitress was very friendly my wife and I both ordered the filet mignon which was perfectly cooked we sat outside so you could not ask for a better view definitely worth the money in fact kind of inexpensive considering the quality of the food and the fact that it's directly across the street from the fountains at BellagioHands down the best dinner we had in Vegas in the 5 days since we arrived 
We started with the oysters on the half shell , freshest oysters I have had in a long time . Bone in rib eyes were excellent cooked to perfection . My daughter loved the béarnaise sauce 
The mushroom and spinach sides were both excellent . My oldest had the filet and was very happy with her choice
The house Cabernet was perfect . The waiter was very helpful and let us try several wines before making our choice. 
Great experience overall.Went for a late dinner on Friday night  (with reservations), and even though it was busy, service was great. We started with the mussels, which were the best I have ever had. I chose the wild boar ragu based on a suggestion from the server. Glad I took his suggestion, it was fantastic! Just a warning, it is very dimly lit in the restaurant, so be prepared if you go ar night, bit worth it!Twice we ate at Mon Ami Gabi, a french restaurant located in the Paris hotel & casino across from the Bellagio. Both times we were fortunate to get front-row seating outside on the terrace facing the famous Las Vegas Strip.

Service was excellent and the prices were reasonable given its location. Brunch and lunch items were $10 to $15 each. You can see the fountains of the Bellagio while you're having dinner. When you are seated you will be presented immediately with a warm delicious baguette with soft butter. I ordered a glass of wine and a steak sandwich. The service was excellent as was the food. The waiters are really trying to make you have a great evening. Highly recommended!The seating space was a little tight but overall the food and service was great! Paris hotel location was perfect for this restaurant.Great spot for a view of the fountains and people watching along the strip. For a late breakfast/early lunch, I'd recommend the crepes - seafood or chicken and mushroom. Like others have said, the prices are great for the location and quality of food. We will definitely come back to try breakfast on our next trip!Service was okay, excellent food. Highlights: steak frites with the merlot sauce, bread pudding, profiteroles and the warm chocolate tart. Starter bread was amazing.I made a reservation thinking that we wouldn't have to wait. But when you get to the door the walk-in and reservation line is the same. Dumb.
There is a separate line for the tables on the patio.

We still had to wait on the side by the hostess desk until our table was ready. 

We wanted breakfast but we missed it by an hour. They still had some brunch menu options that work for that breakfast craving. Tried the blueberry pancakes, iced latte with a shot of baileys and hubby had the corned beef hash with eggs. The pancakes were very good, I didn't like the fruit on top because it made them soggy. But, the syrup/blueberry stuff was great. A must try for sure! 

Service was great, they were very attentive and we enjoyed the bread for the table as well.As a local, I find that I rarely go down to the strip to eat anymore, unless we have friends in town.  I had been to Mon Ami Gabi for lunch and dinner, but not for breakfast.  There were some great reviews on yelp, so I gave it a shot.  It was spectacular!   Their other meals are good, too, but after spending 8 years here really missing my breakfast outings in LA, I realize I could have been coming here all along.  

We sat outside, but I did make a reservation the night before.  I'm not sure that we could have gotten the table outside if we hadn't made a reservation (yes, even for breakfast!).  Coffee was ok (would go for cappuccino next time), full bar is available if you're up for that.  I had the mushroom omelet and it was outstanding.  Mornings in LV are wonderful-- the earlier, the better-- and to sit there and eat across from the Bellagio fountains before the strip became packed with tourists was fantastic.  Will go back-- even before I have friends in town again!This is a fun restaurant to sit out on the patio, have a drink and snack and people watch. The food is good and the service is average. The setting is fun and lively.I'm a little sad to say this, but Mon Ami Gabi was better than anything I had in the real Paris. Sigh.

Actually, I shouldn't be sighing. I should be cheering, because Mon Ami Gabi made for a wildly successful birthday brunch. 

Mr. Birthday had eggs Benedict ($14.95). I had a stunning seafood crepe, which featured two perfect shrimp and two perfect scallops for $13.95. And perhaps best of all was a $20.00 pitcher of that day's special cocktail, a delicious combination of red wine and a little fruit and something sparkling and a few sprigs of rosemary. Yuuuuumm.

The service was impeccable, the decor charming and decently authentic, and even though we were seated in 100 degree weather in an indoor/outdoor space, we were plenty cool. 

Tre awesome!Good food. Attentive staff who take food alergias seriously. Fantastic place for breakfast in the enclosed patio you get the benefit of being outside while escaping the heat.Got the super crabcake, the seafood crepe and the lemon creme brulle gor sfternoon. All dishes were carried out perfectly and we enjoyed the food, the place and the service.
Recommending the place for all food lovers!!GOod stuff.  My fiancee loved it more, but she ordered something a little more adventurious.  I think I got steak and french fries.Been here each time I have been to Vegas.  Casual dining with a great outdoor area.  If it's too hot, they have mist sprayers!

Service is great no matter what time of day you go.  They are open late for those late night "I've gambled for 48 hours let me get breakfast?" cravings!  Lots of French cuisine to choose from.

Recommend the ham & cheese crepe.  So delicious!This was a great restaurant that was highly recommended to me. The steak was cooked to perfection. You have to try the sangria. And the seafood platter is amazing!I'm a big fan of this place, it's got a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain.  While the wait can be a bit long to get a table outside it's worth it.  The food is also cheap (but not you can taste it cheap).  Steak sandwich with caramelized onions YES PLEASE! oh i mean Oui, s'il vous plaît!

The atmosphere is really relaxing and I see no problem with catching a few drinks and watching the fountain show and people watching for several hours.  Service is prompt and proper with a wine cart assisting the crew to carry around some good inventory.The food here is amazing! I made a reservation for myself and my parents when they came into town to visit. They said they wanted to try somewhere new and a little higher end than they usually have when they are in town. We ended up with the soup of the day, french onion soup, 2 hanger steaks (my personal favorite cut) and a roast chicken. Everything was cooked perfectly and the flavor was amazing! We required no additional  seasoning for anything and were stuffed after the meal. 

The fact that i work in the industry as a chef on the strip and have worked every position in the industry has made me very picky whenever i go out to eat. But here at Mon Ami Gabi i have nothing bad to say!Charming resturant that looks like it would be heavily overpriced. Been here twice now and really enoued the onion soup, they are not stingey on the gruyer cheese! Endive and pear salad was a bit salty for my taste but there's plenty more to choose from. Baugettes were real tasty!The breakfast was great (eggs Benedict, wife had spinach and goat cheese omelet (really good)); however, bacon was burnt and dining room was quite warm to 12 out of 15 people in our party, hence the four stars. They did turn on the ac at our request. The service was exceptional for a casino restaurant I will definitely come back.The food there was great! Great prices and atmosphere. Had a great time there with my wife. Our waiter, Billy, was awesome.Went here for dinner on a Friday night with a group of 12 guys and we all thought it was great.  They accommodated our group without any problem.  Very convenient location at the Paris hotel, right on the Strip.  It's a French steakhouse - which is different than an American or Italian steakhouse.  Basically every steak just comes with frites, and there are limited other options.  I had the filet which was really good.  Only complaint I heard all night was that the lobster tail add-on was pretty small and thus not worth it.  They give everyone fresh French bread when you sit down, which was amazing.  Tons of good French wines available, plus a full bar.  Service was excellent and prices are very good, especially for on the Strip in Vegas.  I'll definitely be coming back in the future!My boyfriend and I decided to try french cuisine on our date night, since he hasn't really had french food. We ordered the escargot, which he loved. For me, I wasn't highly impressed, since I have tried escargot elsewhere. I felt as if it lacked the garlic butter flavor and tasted more oily than ever. 

Our entrees were the hanger steak with Merlot butter and the Dijon steak. Both had impeccable flavors. The Dijon steak had more burst of flavor than the hanger steak, but both were incredible. The frites were so delicious. As for the drinks, I ordered a frangria which was good. I ordered a small, so beware that if you are the only one drinking, it's plentiful. :) 

Last, but not least, we ordered dessert. The "la grande profiterole." Let me try to explain this the best I can.... If an eclair and a cream puff mated and had babies, this is what would come out. Haha. It had vanilla ice cream in the middle too! It was so good, it makes me wanna slap yo momma! I would definitely come back and would love to try their lunch. The added bonus is their view of the bellagio fountains, if you are lucky to get a seating by the window or patio. :)For someone half a dozen drinks in while wandering the Strip on the Sunday before his departure from this playground of a city, Mon Ami Gabi was a complete and pleasant surprise!  I couldn't believe that in such a touristy spot I would stumble upon a restaurant devoted so earnestly to quality cuisine.

Our appetizers consisted of vegetable crudites and hand-cut potato chips.  Simple yet delicious, the waffle-cut chips were thin and crispy.

I tasted the bacon brie cheeseburger, the tuna nicoise and the vichyssoise, and I'd recommend all of them.  The tuna tartine was topped with some of the best seared ahi I've eaten, seasoned with something heavenly.  The brie burger was so decadent, so juicy and flavorful, that I completely forgot that I was eating in the bulls eye of the tourist capital of the country.  Even without the brie the burger was cooked perfectly and made of some of the best ground beef I've tasted.  The vichyssoise was standard, but it tasted fantastic on a hot June afternoon.

The rest of the menu looks heavenly.  I'm sure the next time I'm in Sin City I'll make my way there.  Bon appetit!Similar to other reviewers, we got a good view of the Bellagio fountain from our table. The Hangar Steak and Filet Mignon were great, loved the brie and french onion soup. Obviously, it's a nice french restaurant and the service and food are top notch.  It's a great option for something along the strip. We made reservations via opentable and it was easy and convenient.  Would definitely come back for dinner, as well as lunch, brunch, anything.Very good!! Steak frites, the meat was very tender and juicy. The oysters du jour...oh my, they where fresh and delicious although you only get 6. Our table was facing the Bellagio fountains. Amazing view. On the expensive side.I love mushroom soup and this place did not let me down. We ended up getting a few small plates each to try a little of everything and they were all worthy of a 4-star rating.I read great things about this restaurant, so I had to try it. I made a reservation on Opentable and was seated upon arrival. The day that I went was raining so seating on the patio was not available. I went during lunch time, so the restaurant wasn't too full.

Overall, I had a pleasant time. My waitress was really nice and took care of me since I was eating by myself. I loved the warm french bread. It was too much for me to eat in one sitting, so I took the leftovers back home. 

I ordered the trout with green beans and almonds. The trout was great and was cooked well. It was a bit strange that the waitress asked if it was okay that the fish has skin. Maybe people don't eat fish with skin on? 

As for dessert, I had the white chocolate butterscotch bread pudding. It was a recommendation from the waitress, and it was very good. The bread pudding wasn't overly sweet, especially with the butterscotch at the bottom of the bread pudding. I enjoyed it. 

Take a walk after your meal since you will be stuffed!Great wine, amazing food, and wonderful atmosphere. I went for the bordelaise sauce on my steak frites, which did not disappoint. Highly recommend making a reservation--this place has a great location on the strip and reasonable prices, so it understandably gets packed.Dinner last night was absolutely wonderful!  French onion soup and such a tender filet mignon!  Took my Mom for an early mother's day dinner and she loved it too!Me: Is that the line for Le Buffet?
He: Yep

Not willing to wait in a long ass line for buffet food, even though this city is where buffets are the norm, we walked up to the front and decided to eat lunch here.  Christmas is just a day around these parts, so the inside wasn't crowded.  We opted for the patio and got a street side table where we could see the water show at Bellagio.

Bottle of Cotes du Rhone - check
small loaf of hot bread - check

Feels like we're in Paris without the long ass plane ride.  The only difference is, although it's not so obvious, they do want to turn the table.

The crispy crab cake appetizer came with a jicama and cucumber slaw.  It was good, but could have used a little less breading.  The specials sounded great and I first ordered the sandwich, but the partner ordered the steak frites with the brandy peppercorn sauce because there were three to choose from.  Looking over the menu again, there was a caramelized onion and red wine sauce....SOLD!  The steaks were cooked to order, a little tough, but good.  The partner said he expected more peppercorns.

The frites were interesting.  More like large potato shreds fried crispy, so sort of like a cross between a fry and a chip.  I thought a little more arugula on the plate would've been nice.  We enjoyed our meal so much, we came back for dinner a couple days later.  We pretty much ordered the same.

Except, I had the filet mignon with merlot butter,  and the partner had the caramelized onions.  We shared a butter lettuce and crispy apple salad.  This also came with grilled beets and goat cheese, and was very tasty.  And then our over indulgence kicked in and we had the chocolate mousse, creme brulee, and a trio of ice cream in pastry.  So a buffet of desserts...LOL!

The service was great!  Attentive and friendly.  The view of the street is by far the best part.  Watching all walks of life going by was interesting.  It may not be the real Paris, but it's close enough and cheaper to get to.Excelente vista! Los platillos son buenos , pero la carta es algo reducida en opciones.One of the best options for a steak on the Strip that won't bust your budget, and bar none the best people watching in all of Vegas, which by extension means we're talking about the best people watching in the world from the patio that overlooks the center of the Las Vegas Strip and the Bellagio fountains.

Their onion soup is a little different than most, with a touch of cream giving it a lighter color. The aroma is rich, beefy and intoxicating and the taste delivers.

This is a great lunch spot with sandwiches like an authentic Croque-Monsieur, ham and Gruyere with bechamel, the prime steak sandwich served chilled with caramelized onions and mustard mayo with whole seeds, and a quiche Lorraine that melts in your mouth.

But I mentioned steak earlier. Let me come back to that. For $25 you get a plate of steak frites - I recommend the steak classique with maitre d'hotel butter or the steak au poivre with a delicious brandy peppercorn sauce.

The steaks and sandwiches are all served with frites, fried potatoes cut like the crunchy wonton strips you'd throw into a bowl of soup. These are among the best fries in town, simultaneously crispy and something you can really, literally, sink your teeth into.

Great view, great food, reasonable prices for Center Strip.I got tired of the buffet breakfasts at the casinos, so i tried Mon Ami.  it was good, solid, fresh food.  Not the best breakfast i've ever had, mind you, but the location is great--get the patio seats and you can enjoy the fountain show at Bellagio, and service is great.  good to just sit and chill and people watch for an hour or so before heading back to the blackjack tables.Out of all the places on the strip to eat, this has to be one of the chillest. I went here solo in late April, and loved it. 

After my 40 minute standing wait for a seat at the outside bar, I was pleasantly seated with my glass of wine i'd been sipping on enjoying the view. What's that view? Well the strip of course, and you're smack dab in front of the Bellagio. It's worth the wait just to sit on my ass, drink, and people watch from a dimly lit, ear numbing hum of a packed restaurant. Though don't think it's not tolerable, because even at 10 o'clock at night its packed, and when that fountain goes off across the street. It's perfect. At the time Frank sinatra was blasting across the street, beautiful pressure filled cannons were shooting droplets of water high into the sky. Hell I must of had a good buzz by then, when my preoccupation became fixed on staring into the night sky, with all the chaos around me.  

After losing a lot of money on slots I was cautious in my order decisions. I had a couple glass' of the house red, which was maybe 9 bucks and change. A decision of duck was made, with classically french bread in order. That bread? Yeah that breads free with your meal, so stuff your face with it. Don't forget the butter, lots of it. Your baguettes no good if you're not slathering the damned thing in copious amounts of butter.

Compliments of the chef that night; a light and airy shredded carrot, cabbage, and ginger root medley. Presented nicely like a scoop of ice-cream. Presentation: simple, execution on texture and most importantly flavor: devine. Hints of red wine vinegar pulled the strings together. If only they were ice-cream, they were begging to be.

Roasted duck came with a small but adequate micro salad, hence the micro part you say. But I do want some roughage when I'm cannibalizing on a fresh, juicy piece of french duck in America's city of excess. If they can fly in fresh seafood overnight across the street, where's my fresh plucked greens from the countryside of southern France? The ducks the best I've ever had, period. And marinated bing cherries bring the superb amount of sour needed to such a rich slab of meat. 

All in all it's good. So sit down, drink some wine, and enjoy some classically french dishes. Escape the heads below you that are sipping on their expired Jimmy Buffett margarita's, the live nude girls guaranteed to you in 20 minutes or less, and the all alluring card table. But please, sit outside, you may want to not be seen or be heard. But theres so much to see, so much to hear, and even more to feel.This place is a four star over all but the food itself is like 3 stars! I highly recommend reservations ESP if you planned this trip ahead. Great spot to sit and dine at the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains dance to the music! My party ordered the

 escargot (I loved it)
Scallop dish ( superb)
Red snapper (was ok, not well seasoned)
Steak and frites (didn't try)

I feel like they put too much salt in all their dishes and fish was overlooked. The service we received was impeccable.I've had this spot bookmarked for ages and finally got the chance to try it for breakfast on Bethany E's birthday! We came at opening to ensure patio seating, highly recommend as a wait can get long and the interior is dark and masculine- great for dinner, not so much for brunch.

We tried the Chicken, Apple, and Brie Crepes- great mix of flavors with the acidity from the apple, the salty creaminess of the cheese, and the savory of the meat, all wrapped in a lovely, thin crepe and served with a small side salad. We also tried a daily special, an Eggs Benedict dish with chicken and wilted spinach with chive Hollandaise, served with a side of frites. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the English muffin base wasn't too difficult to cut, and the frites were thin, crispy, and just a touch salty. Both dishes were about $15, large portion size good for sharing.

Service was great, though unfortunately I didn't catch our server's name. The patio is a beautiful spot for breakfast, great for people-watching, too. At 7AM in early July, it wasn't too hot but they do have umbrellas spaced out for shade.  Everything was so well-executed, I am hoping to return for dinner service (escargot and steak frite!) soon.

NOTE: You cannot reserve seating on the patio, it is first come first serve. Reservations (available through Open Table) only get you inside dining seating. I understand, but I'm not a fan. Maybe having a short 5-10 min grace period to hold patio table with reservation would be a better option.This place is a legit brunch spot located right under the pseudo Eiffel Tower in the heart of the Las Vegas strip. This place provides some awesome outdoor seating that allows you to people watch for days which in Vegas is a spectacle unlike anyplace else. The food here is legit (have only had brunch) and I must say that the corned beef hash & eggs is a delicious meal. Food and everything was great, it's too bad that the service is just average... Nevertheless, Pair the location, the food and the awesome Bloody Mary bar together with some awesome scenery and you have yourself a 4 star experience. 

Pros-
Bloody Marys
Brunch
Food taste 
Location 
Outdoor seating 
Ambiance 
People watching 

Cons-
Service was just meh
Always a waitThe restaurant  opens daily for breakfast  at 7:00am 
I suggest valet parking at the Paris entry which is steps away from the restaurant. I arrived before before 7:40 a.m. so I could set up my laptop for GoToMeeting. I was greeted and seated immediately on the enclosed patio with a view of the Las Vegas Strip.

My friendly waitress took my order promptly, and gave me the specials for the day. I took her up on the special the day which was a two eggs Benedict with wild mushroom sauce, over a baguette and hash browned potatoes. The entree was delicious. 

With a view of the strip, service and quality of food provided here I would definitely suggest this place to visit - you can't go wrong!Excllent!  We made a reservation but decided to wait the extra 1/2 hour and sit outside on the patio.  A good choice. The weather was nice and the view of the Bellagio's fountains was pretty, plus it was kind of dark inside.  The French Onion soup and the Triple onion soup were both excellent. My wife had the steak and I had the 1/2 chicken. Both were done to perfection.  The wait staff was very attentive and well organized.  It was a nice leisurely dinner topped off by an amazing apple tart tartin.  The cost was not too bad considering the location and the quality of the meal(about $100 for two w/o wine). Don't miss this.My sister and I ate here for breakfast the morning of her birthday. The waffles were okay - kinda tough. We definitely enjoyed the veggie quiche, though! YUM! The coffee and service were great, too! And they brought out a little cream puff with ice cream and a candle on it for her special day. :)
If you arrive early enough or during a lull you should be able to grab a seat on the patio and enjoy the view.Best breakfast we had in Vegas last weekend!  Great food.  Fair Price.  Great service.  We each got a breakfast entree - Lemon skinny pancakes and a spinach and goat cheese omelet.  If I went back I think we would both get omelets.  Coffee was fantastic and the bloody-mary was a great start to the day.  

Patio seating is awesome for people watching and views of the BellagioGreat food!  Steak and Frites are a must have!  We sat inside as the outside are gets very hot.  The crepes are excellent as well.  Staff was a little cold, but got the job done.So we were walking down the strip and came across this place inside the paris hotel & casino at first we were a little bit unsure whether to go or not because the wait was 45mins but you know what it's Vegas so thats how it is! Eventually we got into our seat and right away the server put the complimentary bread on our table I thought thats very nice of them after waiting 45 mins. The servers are very nice and professional they were able to explain the food that we wanted to get and even gave me a sample wine to make sure thats the wine that I wanted. We ordered the chicken liver (pate) omg i love pate their pate is oh so good with the bruschetta bread. Also ordered the steak omg one of the best steak I have ever had because I personally didnt even need the steak knife to cut it because it was tender enough also dont need the steak sauce as it comes along with their special sauce. I finished the whole steak not because its a small portion but because it was too delicious and it is too unusual for me. When it comes to dessert we had the friteroles (whatever you call it) gosh its so good!!!! I am definitely coming back here I just love it and the price is very good too just reasonable and suitable! Awesome! Love it!Love going here because it has nice outdoor seating to people watch on the Strip. Tried their seafood platter and it was fantastic. Could have done with a little more crab and lobster than those squishy clams, but we really enjoyed ourselves.Since there was a wait to sit outside, we opted to have brunch in the enclosed area that had great windows to look out to the Bellagio and fountains.  The Eggs Benedict and fries were very good and the crepes with apple, delicious.   It was very busy so the service was a bit messy.  But for such a touristy area, it's affordable restaurant with good food and an excellent location on the strip.Dined on patio for breakfast. Great people watching. Had quiche- I know- real men don't eat quiche! It. Was cooked perfectly. Topped it off with a mimosa. Decent service and pricing.a good start to the day!First visit = excellent 

Tonight's visit = not so excellent so far but who knows.... might change 

And here's why...Made a reservation weeks in advanced for tonight..... my boyfriend and I have waited more than 30 minutes and another group of people have been waiting for almost an hour and a half. Our first visit here was a few months back for lunch and we absolutely loved it- hence why we decided to come back for dinner. This is highly disappointing.... apparently it takes 25-30 to close out a check too. What's the point of making a reservation??? There are also so many large parties (6 or more).They didn't even offer anything to drink while we waited. I hope the food turns out better than the hostess service.

Dinner experience = amazing and the food definitely made up for the service in the beginning. I have to change my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars because the food and drinks were so good. To start, we ordered the escargot as an appetizer. It was bursting with flavors or garlic, spices, and butter- this is a must. For our main course, we both ordered the Filet Mignon de Merlot w/ brussel sprouts instead in French fries. The Merlot reduction was done so perfect and paired excellent with the whole meal. I ordered a glass of their Bordeaux and my bf ordered their saison- both went fantastic with our meals. The food was amazing and reminded us of why we  choose to came back. Even though the service in the beginning was crap, the food made up for it all.we stopped here for lunch and got a very nice strip side table for two, we ordered the seafood tower for two for $49, in my opinion this was an amazing value, we had a wole lobster, 4 fresh oysters, four large prawns, salmon tartare which was absolutely delicious, crackers and dips served on a bed of ice with lemon wedges. Such a great meal on a hot day.I love the european cafe scene and what better place to embrace that than vegas on the strip. enjoy a drink and tasty food while seeing he town and the cleintel it brings in. Awesome view of the Belagio show with a coctail and a fun do it yourself bloody mary bar!Wonderful food and splendid scenery. This was the best  meal I experienced while in Las Vegas.  I had the Skate Wing, and I can tell you it was perfect thanks to the garlic and lime in this dish.  It was so good I had to share it!  I also had the liver mousse which was delicious on toast.  The service was good and the view was great.  It was at the perfect time of the evening, at dusk when everything feels just right.  I watched the fountain show go off across the street and enjoyed a good date ;).  Absolutely lovely evening here, I will definitely return.I had breakfast here with my 2 daughters this past Wednesday.  We sat in the garden room, which had a great view and was very comfortable!  The food was delicious and they had a variety of gluten-free options.  My only wish was they had given me something else on my plate, in addition to the eggs Benedict and cherry tomatoes.  Perhaps fruit or potatoes would have been a nice addition.Great service, outstanding food. 
Didn't need to ask for a thing, well thought through restaurant.  Best meal in 3 days in Vegas. 
Get the corned beef hash.... Amazing.Really nice ambiance and great people watching from the strip. The steaks are good, not anything extraordinary, but for the price you can't go wrong. Absolutely love the Merlot sauce and the frites. Definitely worth trying.Every time I go to Vegas I have to eat breakfast here, it is my favorite breakfast spot. The food is great and the location can't be beat. Siting outside across from the Bellagio fountains while enjoying a nice breakfast is unbeatable.   The service is fast and prompt and the prices are not bad for Vegas. Is it as cheap as your local breakfast place, no, but it is affordable.This is one of my favorite restaurants in town, magnificent.  Great food, the atmosphere is wonderful and if you sit outside you can listen and watch the water dance across at the Belagio!  A "must do" item on your list on your next Las Vegas visit.Though heartbroken and a bit aimless on my 22nd birthday, a meal at Mon Ami Gabi really helped cheer me up.

I imagine that if you go there relatively happy, you'd really enjoy yourself!This was our third french restaurant we visited while in Vegas, and boy was it packed! Fortunately we had reservations so we got through with no delay, but I would make sure you get reservations if you plan on dining here.

Mon Ami Gabi has a simple menu really - it's steak and frites. I got what they said is they specialty - the filet and frites. We had the escargot to start which was good, and the baguettes were excellent as expected. The filet was perfectly cooked and delicious, and the frites were also great.

My girlfriend wasn't in the mood for steak and ordered scallops, and she was surprised how good they were. So even if you aren't in the mood for steak, you have another option. :)

For a simple casual french style steak, this is a great option.This is one of our favorite places to eat breakfast on the strip. Indoor or outdoor seating for people watching and delicious food. We get the bananas foster waffles, but honestly everything they serve is really good. You won't be dissapointed!I am in LOVE with this place! I did not know gluten-free meals can be this delicious! I am gluten-sensitive so I try to make my meals as gluten-free as possible. So when I saw they had a whole separate menu for gluten-free meals, I was totally excited. I ordered their salmon and leek quinoa and OMG it was so delicious. And to top that off, I had a bottle of gluten-free beer :) I want to go back for more.

The service was pretty good, but I did get the feeling our waiter hasn't worked there for too long. When I asked him for any recommendations from the gluten-free menu he seemed a little lost. But he did recommend the salmon and leak quinoa and said the dish is a little spicy so I ordered it because I love spicy! Funny thing, my dish was not one bit spicy, but it didn't matter because it was delicious regardless! What I am trying to say is I don't think the waiter should have made recommendations of a dish he knew not much about.

Anyways , this is definitely a place you want to check out if you are in Vegas.It's super easy to make a reservation at this place using Open Table through the Yelp mobile app! (Note that reservations are for indoor seating only, since outdoor seating is still first-come, first-served.) We came in at around 11:30, so there was really no need for reservation, but they still definitely get bonus points.

They start you off with a warm baguette and butter, and it's positively delightful. Definitely gave it that Parisian restaurant feel (although in Paris, they don't give you your table bread wrapped in a paper bag stamped with the restaurant logo). The bread had the signature crisp French bread exterior coupled with the pillowy, light interior.

They also gave us a small shredded carrot salad appetizer, compliments of the chef. It was nice, but not really anything worth writing home about. It had a nice acidic kick to it, but was still a bit too liquid-y for my liking.

We ordered the escargot appetizer, which came heavily sauced in basil butter. The snails were tender (note that they do not serve these in-shell -- most snails don't really come in their shells, anyway -- they're usually re-placed in re-usable shells just for presentation). And the basil butter was so good for dipping, they needed to bring us another loaf of bread. 

I also got the French onion soup, which was warm, complex and comforting. Great stuff. My boyfriend also got the salmon, which was good, but not really a stand-out. I've had better salmon, that's been better seasoned and with a better exterior texture. 

For dessert, we also got the profiteroles, which were delightful. The vanilla ice cream, plus the drizzle of really good quality chocolate made it the perfect way to cap off the meal. Add a glass of pinot, and I was set for the night.

All in all, this was a great place to grab a bite -- the prices were affordable (considering you're in Vegas), the service was on point, they're open pretty late and the food is delicious.I was surprised. In all of my time visiting Vegas, I did not ever think this place could impress me. I was wrong.

First let me begin by saying that I try to eat a mostly vegan diet, so the foods I ate here were not the steak or cheese dishes. The waitress was amazing! I didn't even say I was looking for vegan options but when I asked how the gazpacho was prepared and whether or not it has dairy in it, she picked up the cue and then began making suggestions on the menu, assuring me that everything was vegan.

I had the grilled vegetable plate. Everything was perfectly seasoned and grilled. However nothing will compare to that gazpacho! I even requested the recipe which they emailed to me!

So why only four stars? Despite having a reservation, we were told that they did not do reservations for outside once we had already arrived, so we had to wait over an hour and a half for a spot. It was totally worth the wait, but we would have clearly shown up earlier if we didn't know our reservation wouldn't be outside. Miscommunication = cranky (but the gazpacho renewed my positive spirit.... did I mention the gazpacho yet?).I LOVE that this place gives you a separate gluten free pre-meal platter when you order a gluten free meal.  That is one thing that I have always missed when going to restaurants that give free bread at the beginning of the meal because I can't have any of it!  They give you two gluten free toasts with butter and a bowl of olives.  Super good!!
We got a perfect table because it was cold we didn't want to sit on the patio, but we didn't want to sit inside because you can't see the Bellagio fountain view and its so pretty at night, and they gave us a table in the INSIDE patio behind the glass so we can get the view and not be cold!  Thank you!  That's awesome!
The Caesar salad was really good with fresh shredded cheese, the gluten free french onion soup was really good too.  I would have given this place 5 stars except that I didn't like my entree which was the gluten free tagine.  The soup was tasty but the vegetables weren't fully cooked and were crunchy and didn't really have taste.  My party had pasta and mac and cheese and they liked the mushroom pasta, said the mac and cheese was ok.
The bathrooms are outside of the restaurant in the casino area.  The one they direct to you has only 4 stars so there was a line.This is hands down one of the best restaurants I've been to. The view of the Bellagio fountains in the patio is amazing. The environment, the music and the weather make the experience one of the best on the strip. The food is delicious. We had the goat cheese for appetizer with bread for dipping. All four of us ordered different steaks. They were so tender and the sauces that complimented them were all so rich and tasty. The rest of the table ordered creme brûlée and they loved it. We also had the Pinot Noir "Hobnob" throughout dinner that was smooth. The service is exceptional. While most restaurants lack customer service and friendliness, Mon Ami Gabi is above par and sets the bar high. Please ask for Doug out in the patio. He is pleasant and makes your dining experience exceptional and one to remember.Good food, and great view. Before eating dinner we had drinks in the Eiffel Tower restaurant in Paris. I'm happy that we only had a drink, and then dined at Mon Ami Gabi. The view of the strip was great, and the people watching was even better.

My husband and I both had the special which was the beef wellington with spinach. The steak was cooked perfectly and the puff pastry was perfectly crisp. The mashed potatoes were also tasty as a side. The best part is this restaurant has great food and doesn't break the bank. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal on The Strip.We enjoyed our breakfast this morning! Got to sit inside but by the window which allowed for people watching but in the warmth. Server was very informative...in fact, I don't think my coffee cup got below a half before she was filling it up. Finally found a tasty Bloody Mary! It was no "New Orleans Bloody Mary by any stretch" but it was the best we found in Vegas. The bananas foster waffles were just as they described...crunchy on the outside and light and fluffy on the outside. Loved them (see picture)! However, if you get nothing else have a side of bacon. It was delicious!I've been in the restaurant business most of my life.  I have eaten everywhere and let me tell you, Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite restaurant in the world. You will not find a better combination of unpretentiousness, view, ambience, food quality and preperatipon anywhere.  Get ready for a simple, but fantastic meal.One of the fanciest and prettiest breakfasts that I ever had (Instagram friendly), make sure to get there early to get a table outside. Went there twice during our stay in Vegas and definitely coming back next time. Quite on the pricey side but reasonable for what you get!Mussels, trout and bananas fosters all home runs! Service and quality outstanding! Make reservations, it is kid friendly. In my experience best fries I've tasted!my favorite restaurant and highly recommend to anyone traveling to Las Vegas. great prices and very good food with great ambiance.Just went there this morning after the stellar yelp reviews and lived up to its hype! Best breakfast I've ever had! I had blueberry French toast and the tastiest hash browns I've ever had! Hubs had an omelette and said it was the fluffiest and best hed had, and he's picky! Had other stops planned for breakfast the rest of the weekend but we are just going back here instead!Umm, awesome. We had Sunday brunch and it was absolutely delicious. We sat outside on the patio and had a great view of the strip. We liked it so much we made reservations and came back that night for dinner. We tried the "Olive Jar" as an appetizer, along with some mussels. I had the skate fish and she had the scallops. Though the skate was salty, it was the first time I had it. For dessert, I forgot what it was, but it was great. I was drinking a little too much wine at this point to remember anything other than "cannot stop eating." The service can be a tad slow and the place can be a bit crowded, but I will definitely come back again!One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Exceptional food, breakfast, lunch and dinner all have a lot to offer. Service is very good too.This place was really good.  Had a steak with blue cheese topping and the escargo.Best steak I've ever had. The goat cheese appetizer is a must. It's all to die for. Our server was just as phenomenal as the food. Will be backBECKY!!!!!! LOVE HER. Anna Nicole Smith+Jessica Simpson...I digress...her customer service, expertise, and sense of humor are exceptional. My husband and I are self proclaimed foodies and we had a blast at bar with her. She made us a Texas Mule and I Loved it. Then, we had the Paris in Bloom and enjoyed thoroughly. Really great experience. The managers even came over to shake our hands.Came here for brunch on our last day in Vegas. Everything was excellent. The service was very nice.  We were seated right away inside but close enough to the patio area it felt like outside without the summer heat. I had the French Toast which came with blueberries and whipped cream. The bluberries and syrup were sweet and delicious. I also ordered a side of potatoes and bacon. The bacon was thick cut and sweet and I absolutely loved it. The potatoes came as hash browns and were good. I had a cafe au lait to drink and it was pretty standard. Price was reasonable. I would come again.I have had two excellent experiences here and will always keep this on the list for Vegas trips.  Amazing breakfast with bachelor party buddies with just enough pomp and circumstance for a celebratory weekend.  Then, I had lunch on my last trip and really liked the French simple options for a moderate price.  In addition, they have wonderful house wines bottled for them in France.  Highly recommend as long as that does not make the line longer for me.Came here for breakfast with friends.  went at 8am, so the line wasn't long yet.  The hash was  good as was the omelettes and egg dishes.  Nothing too Special, but it was all done well.  service was also nice.  It a really good breakfast but not particularly memorable-hence minus a star.For a Nevadan, I really try not to visit the strip that often. Just as when I lived in San Francisco, I try not to visit the touristy spot like the Pier, or Alcatraz (truth be told, I still haven't visited Alcatraz in my 3 years in the city). When I do visit the strip, it's either CE courses or business ventures. So when a colleague insisted on dining at this restaurant, I was skeptical of the quality of food here. I'm glad they proved me wrong. 

Here's why I enjoyed the experience and some tips: 
The outside dining area's view! Bellagio fountain and people watching paired with classic french cuisines and a great wine selection. Fantastic. I also love the multitude of heat lamps here because on a 55 degree night, my steak remained warm. And the steak. You have to go with the filet, rib-eye or NY strip if you want a true steak. The rest of the pretenders are pounded flat with a variety of sauces to choose from (definitely disappointing to look at). 

Another disappointment is that  they don't have a classic french dish Duck Confit (fatty duck preserved in marinated duck fat, then fried up in duck fat). So this restaurant is more Gabby than Gabi which isn't bad...Great meal on the patio watching the fountains. I had the 'hanger' steak and frites and it was incredible. Great service and would recommend to anyone!  Great memorable meal.After just a brief 15 minute wait for patio seating at lunch time, we enjoyed a delicious lunch with great views of the Belagio fountains and good people watching. We tried their bloody Mary which was simply served with a lime and 2 olives and was a bit on the spicy side but good. The escargot was perfect and the bagette was ideal for dunking in the buttery sauce afterwards. The mussels were amazing, some of the best I've had. Perfectly plump and kinda just melted in your mouth. The wine sauce cooked with shallots I believe was...we'll honestly, I could bathe in it, it was that good. Mmmmmmm can't wait to go back.A Vegas favorite for the wife and I. Our recommendation - shed the Vegas bustle and pretend you are in Paris. Grab a seat outside, a bottle of French white wine, and then just graze your way through the menu and people watch. Escargot, artisan cheeses, muscles accompanied by a fresh French baguette. You can't beat it. The one thing I must call out is the beef tartar... Honestly, the best I have ever had. Plus, you get a generous portion. I suggest a red Rhone to accompany it. Bon appetite!Wonderful.  This was my second time there. Great food.  Amazing service.  Got the seafood crepe, which came with scallops and shrimp.  Shrimp was on dry side, but the scallops were perfect.  Ordered the bananas foster bread pudding, which was amazing.  Would definitely go back for a third if I'm ever in Vegas again.Went here for a romantic dinner with my boyfriend, and the great reviews didn't fail us. Thank you yelpers. 

One thing that I absolutely loved about this restaurant was the Ambiance....Made dinner reservations for 2 and requested a seat on the patio and luckily we got it. 
(Make reservations! this place was packed Friday night!) 
It was beautiful....Perfect date spot with a view of the Bellagio fountains, so Romantique!

Second thing i loved....It was a French restaurant, with a French hostess, and a French server... LEGIT! - plus service was really good.

The best thing that i Loved was the FILET MIGNON merlot, I can still the taste the juiciness, the awesome flavor and the melt in your mouth goodness. Goodness!! This steak was soo yum I kept on referring back to it throughout our evening.
BF went with the Ribeye, huge steak, was cooked just right but i'd still go with the filet mignon, duh. 
The prices were understandably reasonable. For 2 people our bill was a little over $100. 

The not so lovable..
- Escargots or how my boyfriend calls it Escar-No's - good.... not Mindblowing. 
- Restrooms - none in the restaurant, so you'd have to walk out into the casino to pamper yourselves, but then again it's in a casino so figures..
- Our table, I don't mean to be a Debbie Downer but our table was freaking small! 

Overall Love love loved this place, It's not like those restaurants on the strip that'll leave holes in your pocket. 

BON APPETIT!Omg! Best French bistro on the strip. Since most restaurants on the strip are ridiculously expensive this one was surprisingly affordable, especially if you go there for lunch. 

I ordered the French Onion Soup which tasted oh so good with the right amount of cheese melted on top of it. Then the Sea Scallop Gratinees were superbly seasoned and perfectly cooked. The Escargot de Bugogne was basked in garlic-y goodness and was very tender. Lastly, my Steak au Poivre was so tasty. I swapped out my fries for a side of Cauliflower Puree which was so creamy and delicious it almost tasted like mashed potatoes. 

The service was excellent. Our server was professional and attended to our needs with excellent timing.Everything here is delicious. I've never had a bad meal. 

Make sure to sit on the patio for a view of the fountains and great people watching!

Some things we've had:
Seafood crepe
Scallops
Chicken & Brie sandwich
Steak sandwich
Salmon SaladWent here and unexpectedly found a reasonable re-creation of our dining experience in Paris, France (where we honeymooned). Service and decor were a nice break from the hustle of the Strip; relatively quiet, dim mood-lighting, bistro style seating.

We made reservations for 930pm on a Monday night and were seated immediately indoors. Note, it was a 1.5 hour wait for outdoor seating even with reservation.

Once we were seated, we were offered water (so nice in 90 deg weather) and fresh sweet baguette complete with paper bag and slightly melted unsalted butter. Plus, compliments of the chef, we were given a nice plate of halved cherry tomatoes with herbs, olive oil and anchovies. Refreshing and so nice to set our appetites.

Hubby ordered one of the various Steak frites - "hanger steak", the cheapest cut at $20. Done very well at medium rare with a rosy pink interior. Thin ribbons of fries more reminiscent of potato chips and a few leaves of spinach for garnish. Also started with chilled gazpacho; surprising for a French bistro, but we were thrilled. We'd missed Alvalle gazpacho since being in Barcelona and hadn't found anything in the States that even came close (velvety, a bit of an olive oil with smooth tomato puree) until this.

Being vegetarian, I was pleased to see a Market Vegetable platter ($17.99) with eggplant dip and buttered crostini; buttered sauteed baby squash; cherry tomatoes in olive oil; ratatouille; sauteed garlic spinach; grilled bulb onions. All were very well done.

Portions and service were quite nice. For a two dollar sign restaurant on the strip, it was a good deal. Would definitely dine here again hopefully for breakfast next time!I've been here a few times in the last 5 years or so, and this place still remains a go to spot when I'm in Vegas.  Located inside/outside of Paris it has a prime location on the strip (pun intended)!  

The food is always solid. I've had the escargot which was so flavorful!  (be careful, its hot!).  The prime rib I had here the first time is still one of the best.  Last time I went I had the steak and frites.  Steak was nice and tender, beaten flat! Frites were nice and flat, making them crispy!!!  I've also had the brunch here, which was pretty good as well.

The outdoor patio is amazing.  Right across from the Bellagio pool!  Great place for an evening dinner and people watching.  It's a bit dark inside, but that's expected of a steakhouse.   

In the past the service has been solid, but when I went a couple of weeks ago, I had a strange experience.  The hosts were awesome, getting us a nice seat on the patio, but our waiter was awkward.  In the middle of telling us our specials, he pauses, looks over at the other table and excuses himself.  He comes back about a minute later and says he had to take care of something.  After telling us our specials, just looks at us and then walks away.  Didn't ask any questions, ask if we had questions, or even concluded it in any normal way...just walked away.  He also seemed to be a little too busy for us. Granted it was my friend and I and we were pretty low maintenance.  At the end of the meal, he just drops off the check.  

With that one exception, my experiences here have been awesome, and I highly recommend it!Although we had to wait 30 minutes for a table, it was well worth it. We sat outside, which is beautiful and great for people watching. I ordered a caesar salad and within what seemed like five minutes it was on the table. It was delicious, I loved the cheese and dressing. I also ordered the classic quiche lorraine. I'm a big sucker for quiche, my grandmother made it countless times for me when I was little and I have to say eating this quiche sent me back to my childhood. It was AMAZING..and incredibly filling. I couldn't even finish all of it!

Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. Not only that but the food comes out so quickly that I barely had time to finish my caesar salad before my lunch was served. My boyfriend got the warm chicken and brie sandwich. It had thin slices of apple and caramelized onions on top. Absolutely delicious.  All in all a great experience, great food and an elegant yet not pretentious atmosphere. When we go back to Vegas we will definitely be dining here again.What a gem of a place. The food was wonderful, all French food, no, but it is the care and technique that it is prepared with that makes it French to me, and I've eaten all over France. Our servers was, Belene, she made the whole experience perfect, thank youThis French restaurant was very cute and had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain. I'd definitely come again and would recommend. 

Decor:
Very cute and I loved that they had an outdoor patio area as well as a covered terrace. I would have preferred to sit in the covered terrace but it was such a nice day that we all opted for the outdoor patio. 

Food:
The food was delicious! I absolutely savored my (huge) brie cheese and roasted butternut squash quiche. My friend's seared scallops looked amazing and would have been my entree choice if I wasn't vegetarian!  The freshly baked baguettes were also very good--crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.

Service:
Pretty good, though they were not completely slammed during the time we went. My only complaint was that they did not allow our group of 5 to sit at a table for 8, but did allow a couple to sit at a table for 6... We ended up moving to a very small table for 4, but it all worked out. 

Overall:
Great place to dine. We didn't get dessert but instead, walked over to Sugar Bakery for some ice cream instead. I'd definitely come again and would plan to try a dessert next time.Had breakfast there. Nice outdoor seating. Great view. Quite inexpensive. Was not packed at 11AM on Sunday, while many other breakfast placeses had very long lines.

French toast was to die for. Definitely worth the money and beats any buffet as a breakfast option.This place was a huge surprise for me.  Most people go to Vegas and eat at the buffets.  Here's the thing, though: buffet food is usually crap.  At Mon Ami, for appetizers, entrees, and drinks you can have a meal that will fill you up and it will taste delicious-all for the price of a buffet on the strip.  

For appetizers, we got the patte with baguettes.  I forgot the name, but it was the creamier, easier to spread patte.  It tasted great.  The bread is also straight from the oven (I don't know if it's entirely fresh, but it's good nonetheless).  It hit the spot right away.  For the entree, I ordered the steak frites with a mushroom sauce and my fiancee ordered the seared scallops.  The steak frites was excellent (the frites were a little to salty for my taste).  The seared scallops were cooked beautifully.  The service was great as well.  I will definitely come back whenever I make another Vegas trip.Came here with friends Memorial Day weekend and made a reservation for 6 people. The reservation is for inside only and the patio, which has the best view of the bellagio fountain, are first come first serve. We got lucky and got to sit in the open space area just behind the patio so we have an obstructed, but still a view of the fountain. I think the restaurant looks much nicer towards the patio vs the inside. 

We got the burrata cheese appetizer to share. It was quite delicious. Also their warm complimentary bread is very delicious. It was fluffy, a little chewy and not too hard on the outside. I ordered the hanger steak with masked potatoes instead of fries. My friends got the mussel, the sirloin steak, the ribeye and scallops. I liked my steak. It was cooked well and drizzled with a sweet sauce. Mashed potatoes had the perfect buttery texture. The scallops were good as well. Albeit the portion is small, the mint sauce it came with was delicious. My friend said the ribeye he got was very good as well. I also got to try the mussels. It's a big portion but of course the overall amount of food is not that large. Good flavors and good texture. 

All in all food is pretty good. It's by no mean one of the best steaks I've ever had... But for a restaurant more popular for its location rather than food, it surpassed my expectations. Price is on the higher side, but surprising not as bad as well for the atmosphere and location.Had brunch here.  I love eating breakfast out, especially when they do something slightly different to an old favorite.  This was the case with their blueberry french toast. when served it looked normal, two huge, thick slices of bread with a pile of blueberries on the side. but then our waiter tells us that the bread itself is very sweet and that he normally doesnt even use syrup. so we took his advice and he was right! it was almost like eating cake. they were very very good. i still used a little syrup every now and then just because i am like Buddy in ELF and think there are only 4 main food groups, candy, candy canes, candy corns and syrup. i just like the taste of syrup and french toast cannot be sweet enough.
friends also ordered the eggs benedict with salmon. everything was good, but the eggs could be larger. they just seemed too tiny.  waldorf chicken salad was very good. i like my chicken salads a little sweeter, again cant have enough sugar, but it was very good. i would get that if i didnt feel like breakfast food. and last their version of fish and chips, i wasnt a big fan of. huge filet of fish lightly breaded and pan fried. nothing exciting about the taste. if you are hungry and just want a lot of fish get that otherwise, get something else.
the service was fantastic. we had the best service here out of our trip in vegas (compared to bouchon and craftsteak). Joseph was warm and friendly, made good small talk, always checked up on us but never did it seem like he was around too much. He was excellent server. 
The ambiance and decor for the place was nice too. there seemed to be 4 different styles of rooms in the place. Outside on the patio, inside in a glass room with the benefits of both outside and inside, the next room inside that was brightly lit by natural light (where we sat) and inside which looked like a formal, elegant dining room. 
This is my new must go to breakfast place in vegas.I've been wanting to try this place for a while and I think it's safe to say that this is one of the better breakfast/brunch places on the strip. My friend and I split a quiche and their pomegranate and pineapple pancake--both of which were extremely filling and delicious. The quiche was light and fluffy, and the onions, bacon, and herbs complimented each other well. The pancake turned out to be more like a crepe and was not overly sweet.  My favorite part of the meal was the pineapples which were sautéed in what tasted like brown butter.  The service was excellent and we didn't have to wait long for a table.
I'd come here again for brunch.Just love this place!  Best view in Vegas on the balcony.  You get to watch the fountain show while drinking fabulous French wine and noshing on steak frites!  I have only visited Vegas twice, but I made a point of coming back to Mon Ami the second time because it was such a delicious dinner the last time. Just beware, the steak is not a thick cut so it will be medium rare or higher in terms of doneness.  Bon appetite!The food was great and making the reservation was easy! My only complaint was that the tiled floors were so slippery especially when walking in heels!On a recent trip to Las Vegas my mom and I stopped by this gem of a restaurant on the strip. The atmosphere was very pleasant. We sat at a table that overlooked the patio, so we were sheltered from the heat and wind but could still see the strip from our seats. 

We were there for brunch on a Saturday, where I chose the Bloody Mary Bar option. You can create your own using their buffet of delicious ingredients. They also have several other drink categories to choose from.

Our waiter, Drew, was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. He recommended several dishes, all of which we loved. I had the open-faced crab cake sandwich and my mother had a butternut squash quiche. Both were very well-prepared and in fairly large portions. As far as food in Vegas goes, this was very good and at a reasonable price!

We left the restaurant extremely happy and glad to have had a break from the more superficial attractions of Sin City. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant!My hubby and I could see this restaurant from our balcony and it looked so adorable. 
We headed over about 7 on a Thursday night and it was packed. We waited about 30 minutes, at the bar, before being seated on the patio. It was worth the wait.
The ambiance and energy is fantastic.
We ordered a bone-in Ribeye, medium, and shared some sides. It was perfectly cooked. It was perfectly seasoned and it ended feeding us this morning too.
The fries were exactly how my grandma used to make them. They were not oily. They were thin, crisp, and piping hot. 
The drinks were pricey but delicious and our waiter was absolutely on point. He met every need without smothering us. 
It was an ideal experience for us.Quite possibly the best breakfast I've ever had. The location is stunning, right on the strip across from the Bellagio. From waitstaff to hostess everyone was extremely friendly. 

The food was superb, with generous portions and beautiful plating, worth every penny. Everything was made to order, no out of the box meals here. A tip for those early risers, get there early for a quiet relaxing dining experience. We were there at 7:30am and got right in at a table on the terrace. 

Will definitely go again.Amazing. 

Never would suspect an egg white omelette could be so tasty! 

Lights are dim inside/tables a little close together - an intimate setting visually but it gets kind of loud. 

Bread/jam and drinks were also top notch - have been craving this place since I left!Fab meal as per usual.  Dover sole was divine.  Our waiter, Dean, was a genuine treat.  Love the St Germaine cocktail carafes.  The check in process is goofy with folks without resos clogging the line for those with resos.  But, the desk is usually efficient.  The prices are in line. The food is consistently good. Patio seating is highly coveted and hard to secure. Only disappointment is that they took the salted caramel ice cream off the dessert menu so I couldn't request it with the Bananas Foster Crepes (which still rock with the usual ice cream).What to say about this establishment, but exsquisite. The staff was friendly, and for the high demand of the outdoor dining area, the wait wasn't unreasonable. The food? Every dish we sampled was a new and different taste. Great salads, lovely smoked salmon, even the escargot, it being my first time, was well prepared with it's own distinct flavor. This place deserves 5 stars, outright, but for *one* huge factor. It doesn't have a bathroom. Period. You physically have to leave the restaurant if you want to/have to use the facilities, and that detracts from the ambience that they work so hard to create. Other than that? Absolutely worth it.I had a great brunch with some girlfriends at Mon Ami Gabi last weekend. The mushroom crepe was amazing, but the "salad" they mention in the menu is actually less than a normal place's plate dressing.  Honestly, not a salad.  The French sangria (frangria) was good enough I got a carafe and finished most of it myself (although that could have just been the mood we were in).  We were seated outside with shade so weren't too hot or too cold and until some jerk started smoking towards the end of our experience it was perfect.  The waitress was clearly a pro and very friendly.We had a marvelous dinner last night. so before leaving Las Vegas, we made a stop for breakfast.  Words I have to describe Mon Ami Gabi are:  Attention to detail; excellent service; delectable food; and most of all, the atmosphere was spectacular!  I would highly recommend this gem!Great ambience on the strip. We had mimosas and breakfast here on our last day in Vegas. I had the salmon plate and my husband had three eggs - we both really enjoyed our meals!!I had Thanksgiving Dinner here!!!  This restaurant is amazing in every aspect, and overall I had such a wonderful experience that no doubt this place deserves 5 whole hearty stars :). * * * * *

Place: Nothing gets better than this... Patio seating facing the strip, directly across from the Bellagio fountains with a great of the Eiffel tower just above us. This is really the place to be for a romantic dinner. We enjoyed our dinner as the Bellagio fountains "performed" for us. It was a chilly night, but the heaters kept us nice and toasty.

Service: This was our first meal that entire day, so we were FAMISHED. As a result, we asked for bread refills three times, and even then our server was still very patient and pleasant. The place was pretty busy, but we got seated very fast :). The place is huge!

Food: I got the Thanksgiving set meal, which came with oysters and smoked salmon for appetizers, turkey for entree, and pumpkin bread pudding for dessert. All of that came out to $45 before tax and tips, and that utterly destroyed my wallet. Nonetheless, I thought it was worth the experience, and that meal was big enough to feed two :).Brunch here was great! A little bit pricey, but portions are huge so it's worth the money.

Yum: 
Quiche Lorraine - light and fluffy with a perfectly thin and buttery crust.

Crab Cake Eggs Florentine- good amount of crab, egg cooked perfectly, overall very yummy.

Hashbrowns- crispy and brown on the outside, soft and potato-ey inside...perfect!

Bread- exactly how french bread should be.

Bloody Mary Bar! Build your own with as many olives/pickled veggies as you want! FYI: All vodka is the same price and they have 4 or 5 options.

Meh: 
Croque Madame with an over-easy egg-- more over than easy. But the bread was TO DIE FOR!

We also had a great view of the Bellagio from the patio.  The wait can take a while, but it's worth it. Can't wait to come back!We had the seafood crepe and a salmon salad. The seafood crepe was really good. The salmon salad was also good, but I felt like I overpaid for something so ordinary. Of course you pay a little extra for the environment (popular place on the strip with patio seating). I would go again. Tip: the line is usually long for patio seating. We had no line for dining inside. There are two different lines.We had less than an hour to get some food in our stomaches before the Jersey Boys show. After wandering around Paris for a bit we noticed the bar had enough open seats for our party of 6. We sat down and just started ordering drinks and a bunch of plates to share. The bartender Michael was great -very fast  friendly, and knowledgable. All of our food was delicious and came out super quick. We all shared 2 orders of french onion soup (to die for) escargot, scallops, mac and cheese, ceasar salad, carrots, and the blue cheese steak. Everything was super tasty, and reasonably priced, and we were all full! I will definitely be returning!My wife and I wandered in here the other day because why wouldn't we? It's right there on the strip and they have steak frites. 'Nuff said.

I was pleasantly surprised that I had one of the best meals of my life there that night. It was probably a combination of the table we were given for no good reason (just at the precipice of the outdoor patio, with a direct view of the Bellagio fountains across the street), the time of day (evening), the service (exemplary) and the food (perfect.)

I had the aforementioned steak frites (fillet) and it was done perfectly. The frites were unique in that they were really thin, sort of like shaved potato. Which means every last one of them was like the crunchy bonus fries you find at the bottom of a fast food bag. Except these were frites of the highest order.

The evening was just so right that I ordered a girl drink, which was also delicious.

Shout out to Krisha (number 133 that night, I believe, and what's with the numbers?), you're tops, babe. Thanks for being part of a wonderful evening.We went here for lunch. We always wanted to try escargot and when we saw it on the menu we had to order it. So we ordered escargot, seafood crepe and skate wing schnitzel. We usually like to share food and the server asked us if we wanted to share the food b/w us even without asking, which we really appreciated. The experience of eating escargot for the first time was really good, loved soaking all that herby butter with my french baguette. The seafood crepe and the skate wing schnitzel were also very good. Overall good experience.Being in Vegas the obvious best restaurants one assumes would be in the main casinos, Bellagio or Cesars etc but never had I thought that a restaurant in Paris Las Vegas will I have such an amazing experience. 

From friendly bar staff; the bartender was just hilarious. Even though it was jam packed yet she was able to entertain us while we waited for our table.

Once we sat down in the outside porch area, we were instantly in awe with the Bellagio fountain view. It was just amazing. Especially cause we could also enjoy people watching and the light breeze.

Now to the food. Firstly they have a great wine selection which perfectly complimented the baked goat cheese appetizer we ordered. Very warm baked cheese dipped in creamy tomato sauce going great with pesto bread. The combo was just perfect.

It was more like an entree so if you decide to go with that I'll recommend not getting more than one entree to split between 2.

It was a perfect end to our 4 day trip. And may I just say, after spending 75-100 per meal at other Vegas restaurants and still leaving hungry, it was nice to have a delicious meal along with drinks all for under 60$.Very unpretentious & inviting for a fine dining restaurant. Had breakfast here and it was exactly what I wanted to eat after a night of drinking and staying out late. The eggs were fresh and the hash browns tasted as if I were eating something healthy, like spinach! But I didn't have spinach, I had fried potatoes :) Didn't feel like I was going to fall over into a food coma, in fact I was energized and ready to walk the strip in the 105 degree heat & ready for another full day of sin! 

EXCELLENT serviceOur favorite breakfast spot in Vegas. The service and food is great and well priced for Vegas. The omelettes are delicious, and we love the chicken sausage. Definitely sit outside --if you're willing to wait for a table or get there before the crowd. On a beautiful morning, you can't do better.I've been here so many times I can't remember. You honestly can't go wrong for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! Yes I've tried them all! The food is fantastic, the service is great, ambiance is very French-like, and the view of the Bellagio fountains is wonderful! Oh and the price is very reasonable!Originally, this was not one of my top restaurants to try in Vegas last winter, but my boyfriend had been on a previous trip before AND kept suggesting that we eat here. Well..I'm so glad we did because I really enjoyed the experience!

We sat outside for some alfresco dining in the evening and got a cool view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains across the street. Being mid-December it was a little chilly, but we barely noticed it with the warmth of the heat lamps that were spread around the patio.

The restaurant seemed busy when we arrived, but we only had to wait a few minutes to be seated. Our waiter was very courteous and attentive. We also thoroughly enjoyed our food (the prices were pretty reasonable, too, for the quality & restaurant location). Ordered the baked goat cheese as an appetizer, I had a full serving of the mussels mariniere (consumed every single one of those babies!) and he had the filet mignon. Really there are no complaints from either of us on our experience as a whole, and will definitely have to stop in again on our next trip.my favorite breakfast spot on the strip! A perfect view with a perfect breakfast. NOMZI really enjoyed the food and service here in particular the steak was nice and tender. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!!!Great service, got the seafood crepe and a glass of champagne, really love this spot! Beautiful view of the strip.Loved this French balcony with superb server.We saw Bellagio fountains at least 3 times. French onion soup 5 star, seriously. Steaks, beautifully prepped to be tender. We had Dijon  and Pepper. Great scallops and frison/kale salad. Not cheap, for a higher price meal in LV, very good. Giving 5 for great service and views.This is one of my favorite restaurants. The view on the patio is perfect--the Bellagio fountains; but even inside is nice, like a French café. The onion soup is the best. The broth is out fabulous, and they put in the right amount of bread and cheese. The French bread is just as good, always fresh out of the oven , and their butter tastes better too for some reason. My favorite is the Steak Frites with blue cheese butter. The meat isn't a premium cut, but they serve it thin and cooked full of flavor. Their French fries are great too. The truth is, this is a great meal.I have always wanted to come here (after being skillfully taught some elementary French)... And after many years of it being on my list I finally made my way here! I checked in through yelp to make a reservation and asked for a table on the patio in the shade... I was reluctant that this would work.... But technology has come far:) 

So, my date and I walked in through the entrance of the Paris and I thought we were under-dressed!! The ambiance was very sexy and classy... And we were in t-shirt and jeans. Luckily, as yelp says, it is a casual wear restaurant, do not be fooled by its embellishments! We got a table outside and were promptly given water. Our waitress seemed unimpressed with us and made some rare and slow appearances. 

Aside from the service we enjoyed the food. I got the warm chicken and brie, and I understand why it is so popular on yelp. It's a thin flavorful fillet of chicken paired with melty, creamy brie... The thin apple strips and sauteed onions bring sweetness and complement the chicken and brie. My date got the steak frites with peppercorn sauce and was very satisfied with his dish. 

I was confused with the frites... Not what I was expecting... But to each his own. The frites are perfect for those who like their French fries extra crispy! 

All in all, I enjoyed the experience. The patio wasn't uncomfortable despite the warm summer sun thanks to the shade and the misters! The food is not overpriced and I hope to be back.... Hopefully at night, with a straight view of the Bellagio fountains.This place is just special, the food quality is fantastic and the Ambiance is great. If you can sit outside you can see the water show from the Bellagio hotel which is spectacular at night, but really really nice during the day as well, this is a must-try for anyone heading to Las Vegas.Best Eggs benedict I have ever had, on the patio with mimosas watching the Bellagio Fountain Show - it does not get better than this for a upscale breakfast.Favorite meal in Vegas!

We made reservations for a group of 7 of us and were seated promptly. We had hoped for a table on the patio to be able to see the Bellagio water show, but the table we were seated at was very nice as well. 

My friend and I shared the escargots, frisee & kale salad, and rib eye with bordelaise sauce. I'm not a huge steak eater so I'm not the best person to ask about it, but I thought the rib eye was amazing. The previous night we had gone to Craftsteak where I tried the hanger steak, shortrib, and filet and I thought Mon Ami Gabi's was better. The bordelaise sauce is very good, albeit a little bit sweet, and the classique butter is delicious (but very, very rich). Frisee/Kale salad was good but nothing too outstanding, and escargots (my first time eating them, I think!) were great. The garlic herb butter that comes with the escargots is perfect for the complimentary bread as well.

I would definitely return to this restaurant, even if it is a bit out of the way.Great oysters? Check. Good bread? Check. I got the Quiche Lorraine and it was done perfectly. Throw in a Guinness and I'm a happy camper. Tasted my friend's Ahi Tuna Burger, which was also very good. Service was a little slow, but our waiter was training somebody, so... We sat on the patio and the weather was great; we were right on the border of the air conditioning inside and the heat outside. I'm sure that later at night it's fun too watch all the insanity of humanity in Vegas walk past.I made reservations for my Boyfriend's Birthday  for 8 pm and we both enjoyed it! They promptly sat us down at the Pavilion, which is where you can see the fountain show from the Bellagio, which is right in front. I had requested this seating area upon arrival and they made sure to find us a seat there. Thank you!

Dinner- it was delicious, my boyfriend had the New York Steak and I had the Lobster Roll (which they only do for Lunch not dinner, but I asked if they had it and they still had some) with fries which were delicious.

Drinks- I had a Sangria and it was very good! I was Happy!, My Boyfriend had a Burboun kind of drink (not for me).

The experience was one of a kind. The server was very attentive and very helpful, she even remember it was my BF birthday and brought him an ice cream cake pastry with a candle lit and ready to blow. Thank you! I didn't have to tell her she just did it. I had a coffee and it was very tasty as well.

Overall we had a wonderful Birthday Dinner. Never felt rushed to leave or hurry up to sit other people. You can actually enjoy your dinner and see the fountain show. We would definitely go back.It's hard to find a Vegas restaurant on the strip that offers such high quality food at an affordable price which makes Mon Ami Gabi an absolute treasure. Hidden inside Paris's casinos is this fine venue. Lines can be long, so one should make reservations. Inside seating is very intimate. Patio seating is a very scenic atmosphere. You can't go wrong with either.

Whenever I'm at a French restaurant, ordering escargot for hor'dourves is a must. Be sure to try their Shellfish platter. At $44 for a whole lobster, four oysters, and four shrimp with amazing sauces, this platter is too good to be true. The specials are also amazing. Two words: Duck meringe. A glass of wine from the cart goes well with your meal.Great service, really great wine, good steak....what's not to like? I highly recommend the bleu cheese steak (also the bleu cheese martini). Always love coming here.I come to Mon Ami Gabi every time I go to Vegas, you really do get all the up scale quality an service at a very reasonable price.Still my favorite place in Vegas, especially for brunch! But dinner is great too! The food is the most consistent i've seen in a fairly big restaurant, that doesn't feel like it's a big place. Must go! All the steaks are fantastic!Great place my wife loved the ambiance, nice for date night with the wife, prices r not bad either  best value for the money on the strip. A must!This restaurant is located inside Paris Hotel and it was a great experience. We walked in Saturday evening around 6pm and we were seated right away. Our water was always filled without needing to ask. The ambiance was cute and classy. I ordered the Beef Bourguignon and it was good even though it was a bit on the salty side for my liking. My friends order steak, filet mignon and chicken breast and they all enjoyed it. 

We ordered their dessert special - crepe with caramelized apples and vanilla bean ice cream and let me tell you, that first bite was absolutely delicious. The sauce was warm and the contrast with the ice cream was to die for. My friends made fun of me when I took the first bite since I was having a moment to myself. (You'll understand this if you absolutely love desserts.) 

The service was great and I will definitely come back. Their fish special of sea bass sounded great but we'll save that for next time.I really like this place. It's not cheap but the food is great and the ambiance matches it. We came for lunch and boy am I glad we did.

We were seated inside but close enough to the outside where we still get a great view but far enough inside to not feel the outside heat.

Hot house bread. Was a nice touch. It comes in a bag.

Chicken paillard ($19) was freaking delicious but the portion size is small. The classic steak frites ($25) was also really good and the portion size was perfect. Not sure why portion sizes are inconsistent.

Our server was laid back and cool. She took good care of us.

Desserts lacked a bit. We ended up the strawberry briand. It was literally a bowl of plain strawberries with a dollop of sour cream. Save your $9 bucks and make this yourself at home. Go next door to Sugar Factory after for dessert.Honestly, our experience at Mon Ami Gabi was off to a very rocky start. Despite the fact that we had a reservation, we had to wait in a long, long line - one that was longer than the line for people without a reservation. Does this make sense? Okay, we wait patiently. We ask if we could be seated outside. The wait is an hour and a half. Okay, we opt for inside, take our pager, and head to the slots. Lo and behold, 15 minutes later we are paged and then inexplicably seated OUTSIDE! Call it beginner's luck. And what a great view of the Strip all abuzz with activity, and a great view of the infamous Bellagio fountain just behind the palm trees! Perfect. 
The food? The endive, pear & bleu cheese salad was delicious, and the ribeye on the bone was cooked a perfect medium rare. The frites were a cross between a french fry and a potato chip. Addictive, but we had to save room for dessert. Profiteroles were freshly assembled - a perfect rendition of the bistro classic. Cocktails and wines with entree and dessert were perfect as well.
We lucked out with a dynamite server named Dawn! She was always right on top of things. All told, a perfect start to our Vegas weekend! The prices were not out of the ordinary for any good restaurant in Vegas. The only strange thing that happened was that I later received an email from Open Table saying that Mon Ami Gabi had cancelled my reservation - AFTER we had already dined there. Ah well, just a technical glitch that didn't change our experience in the least. Bravo, Mon Ami!We made reservations for brunch and we were happy to be seated within 5-10 minutes of arriving.
The hostess was really friendly and engaging.
We were able to sit outside on the patio, what a lovely way to eat a Sunday brunch while watching the fountains at the Bellagio!
I got the Ham & Cheese Crepe and it was delightful.
The husband got the French Toast and he claimed it was the best french toast he's ever eaten.  He liked that it wasn't too sweet.
We also got the Fresh Fruit Bouqet.  It was good but I don't think we'd get it again.
Our waiter was fine but we weren't entirely impressed with him.
Was it worth $70 for brunch?  (We had coffee and Bloody Mary's as well). 
It's a toss up.We made reservations for brunch on Saturday. It turns out that if you make a reservation, you must sit inside the restaurant, so we opted to wait the 45 minutes for a table outside. Since they have a make-it-yourself bloody Mary bar on the weekend, we tried that. It's fun to make it yourself, as spicy as you like it, and there are a lot of fun things to garnish your drink with. Also, at $12.00, it was less than a glass of champagne we had had the day before at another location. A lovely baguette and butter was delivered to our table shortly after we returned with our drinks. We were really hungry, and it was so tempting that I ate too much before my food arrived. The jumbo crabcake was pretty good, not the best I have ever had, but pretty good. I also ordered the small house salad, which was very simple, fresh, and good. My friend ordered the ham and cheese crepe. Everything about it tasted good, but the ham wasn't heated through and most of the cheese was unmelted. That was a little strange.

This place is CROWDED and BUSY. You really have to navigate carefully through the place to get to and from your table. Sitting across the street and watching the fountains at the Bellagio was fantastic. The people watching was great, as well. A band from Seattle U even went by as we were eating.

Overall, this was a really fun experience. The waiters were very friendly and efficient. Even though the place is packed, with people waiting for tables, they don't make you feel rushed to leave. I would definitely go back.Great food &great service!
My friend &I ate here last night
There are quite a few steakhouses near us &we couldnt pick a steakhouse.
We were heading to the Bellagio &noticed on Yelp there was a FRENCH steakhouse right across the street &we decided to try it out.
It's cute, convenient bc its on the strip &we can watch the Bellagio fountains from this steakhouse.
I got the hanger steak &my friend got wild boar. 
My, my this place was delicious!! 
It was sooo cute, I would definitely come here again. 
The staff was very nice &courteous. 
They always came &checked on us to make sure we had everything we needed. 
Thank you Mon Ami Gabi staff! We had a great dinner!Amazing.  8 of us showed up and wanted to sit outside so we could watch the Bellagio fountains.  There was a line out the door & they still seated us in 5 minutes.  The staff was friendly & very accommodating.  We asked to have the outdoor heaters over our table turned off when we first arrived.  We had just walked down the strip from the MGM & wanted to cool off a little bit.  Then, when we got chilly, they put them back on.  Our server was amazing.  She was funny & attentive & did not mind when we told her we needed 8 different checks as we were there on business.

The food was amazing.  We all had drinks and appetizers.  I tried the homemade potato chips with a blue cheese dip.  Wow.  It was so good.  Dinner was a delicious Steak & Frites.  Cooked perfectly.  It was pricy, but so worth it.  The 8 of us sat there for hours and not once were we given a look that said "Hurry up and finish so we can turn the table & make more money."  It was the best time I had that entire week & I look forward to going back.One of my favorite places to eat outside on the  strip. Perfect and romantic. Took my girlfriend for Valentine's Day dinner, she loved it! It was her first visit and she was impressed by the service (Jeremy's a great waiter! Very kind and attentive) the food speaks for itself! Delicious.Anyone of my friends will tell you to order the hangar steak with the merlot butter!  Melts in your mouth!  I went with 3 friends who all ordered it, but since I wasn't as hungry, I got the steamed mussels which were also delicious.

Definitely make reservations so you don't have to wait in their massive line.  We were a tiny bit late due to no valet at Paris that night, but they were able to accommodate us with the next available table.

Extremely packed, but you still feel like you get good service and don't feel rushed.

Adding to my must list when in Vegas!My second time at Mon Ami and it was still delicious. The restaurant has a patio area and an indoor seating area and is located in front of Paris Hotel. What's beautiful about patio seating is the people-watching and the water show at the Bellagio Fountain. A great way to start your day if you're looking for a brunch venue.

Some awesome things to check out:

-THE BLOODY MARY BAR: I've never seen a more awesome bar in my life. I've never had a bloody Mary before but the bar in the corner makes me want to start! I never realized that there were so many things you can add to your bloody Mary!

-The brunch menu: Lose all of your money on that last hand at the blackjack table? That's okay! Items on the menu are $12 or less and are all super delicious!! What's more? You get bottomless bread and butter and the portion sizes are decent! A great deal for this type of dining atmosphere.

-Get a CARAFE of their red sangria. Though the first time they had citrus fruits and herbs in the carafe, they had split grapes in the carafe this time around--the alcohol-infused grapes are super delicious! It's definitely worth it if you come in a group of 4-6. 

The service is good and the food is great. Not bad for a place on the Las Vegas strip.I've been a fan of Mon Ami Gabi since I lived in Reston.  Good food, good service, good prices.  On this visit, the bartenders were really great!  My only nitpick here is they have a separate line for the outdoor seating, which has a view of the Bellagio water show.  I asked how long, the hostess said an hour and 15 minutes.  I casually laid a folded jackson on her lectern and asked if we couldn't shorten that by any, and without batting an eyelash she repeated "An hour and fifteen" like I'd laid a $1 on her!  Come on, this is Vegas! :-D  I have no idea if a $50 would have done the trick or if they're just immune to lubrication there for some reason.  But that isn't the reason for the 4 stars, that just happens.  I asked the inside hostess for a table with a view, and we had to wait a few more minutes, but that's what bars are for!  I think maybe I'm unfairly comparing Mon Ami against higher-ticket restaurants instead of favorably against lower-end places.  In any case, you won't be disappointed!really cool location at the paris las vegas hotel...right on the sidewalk so you can check out the array of people types who visit las vegas.  i suggest you avoid the patio seating when it gets warm out.  the tabletops heat up, and the umbrellas do not help.

at around 2:30pm on a wednesday afternoon, the hostess said there'd be a 30 minute wait.  it was probably more like 20, and my boyfriend thinks it's a scam to get their patrons to gamble while they wait.  haha.  they are so smart!  my boyfriend blew a dollar on the wheel-of-fortune machine, but gained $15 playing poker at the Poker Room bar.

the baguette and butter we were first served was DELICOUS.  quite possibly the most delicous bread and butter i've ever consumed.  i ordered the brie burger, but took it apart because i asked for medium well, and it was more like medium and i prefer my hamburger meat COOKED.  the bun looked delicious, but i wasn't in the mood to carboload.  the fries were pretty yummy.  my boyfriend had the chicken and brie sandwich and that was pretty phenomenal.  it made me feel bad that i ordered a burger.

it was just too bad we were sitting outside on the patio in 90+ degree heat.  i couldn't properly enjoy my food under those conditions.The best overall meal I had on The Strip was at Mon Ami Gabi.
We were seated pretty quickly outside on the patio.
The service was great- our waitress was such a doll.
They had a gluten-free menu and gluten free bread! 
Steak Frites were fantastic, so was the trout.
Desserts were super-yummy!
The view was fantastic and the outdoor seating was comfortable and warm (with heaters in late March). 
We just walked through the inside-dining room, but it was a beautiful room.Had our 30th wedding anniversary dinner at Mon Ami Gabi and all I can say is WOW!
Staff was great as was the food. Be sure to get there early to sit on the patio along Las Vegas Blvd!  Life doesn't get any better.Good news for anybody looking for yummy, reasonably priced French food, with good ambiance and service on the strip! This place has all of these things and is also super accommodating to people with allergies and dietary restrictions. I've never been to a French restaurant with a gluten-free menu, yet they had it! The chef also wrote somewhere on one of the menus that they are happy to accommodate people with any allergy, so just say the word. 

We started with the out of this world duck confit and fingerling potato appetizer, along with the butter lettuce and arugula salad. For dinner the server recommended the filet mignon, which was mouth watering, as promised. I also got the frangria and a nicely paired glass of red wine. My partner got the chicken paillard, which was good initially but got cold and dry fast. We took the chicken leftovers and made some pretty delicious sandwiches with it the next day.

Speaking of bread, they brought me out some slices of some yummy gluten-free bread at the beginning of the meal, which made me a lot less resentful of my partner's warm baguette.Finally getting around to reviewing Mon Ami Gabi. I have dined here at least  3 times -  only once inside - 

Items sampled: 
Lobster Bisque
Country Style Pâté cornichons, whole grain mustard, country toast 6.95
Steak Au Poivre brandy peppercorn sauce 23.95
Cod and frites (not included on current menu) $?
creme brûlée
Flourless chocolate cake


This is a special favorite place for me, such that of all the choices in Vegas on a 2 day visit, my x husband and I  went  2 nights in a row...

We preferred  dining outside to inside,  the view & music of the Bellagio fountain and just the general romantic  feel we had while sitting there transcended Vegas... Service was adequate, and exactly what I expected, the wait staff did not fawn over us  & we had what we needed when we needed it...Loved the outdoor heaters because  we seemed to always go to Vegas in spring and it was chilly...Loved  the crusty baguette in its protective sleeve. **( They also bring another dish with the baguette but memory fails what it was )**

I'm the kind of girl who finds the one thing at a certain restaurant that  I always order, no deviation, for my husband it was the Steak Au Poivre for me the fish (cod) and frites...Let me  just  preface  this with I am a potato kinda girl, love 'em....I "get"  the frites...   not sure why other reviewers  seem to have had such an issue... these aren't french fries people....The fish was scrumptious - in a meunière  sauce - 
Deserts -  Loved  the flourless chocolate cake  -
Je Reviens...The Top 3 Vegas French restaurants on my list are: Alize, Fleur de Lys and Mon Ami Gabi.

I go to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris for dinner just as much as I go to Taqueria Canonita at Venetian for lunch. Alize and Fleur de Lys I've only been to once, because they're more of a very special occasion type establishment (i.e. Valentine's Day dinner/wedding rehearsal dinner)

Here's what we always order:
Appetizers: Country Style Pt, Escargots de Bourgogne & Crab Cake
Salads: Double Duck Leg Confit Salad &/ Steak Salad Maison
Soup: Onion Soup Au Gratin
Entrees: Filet Mignon Au Poivre, Seared Sea Scallops &/ Skate
Dessert: can't go wrong, just order what you feel like

And if the weather permits, ask for the outdoor seating in front of the Bellagio dancing water fountain. I also suggest asking the waiter to make suggestions for the right wine to go with your meal.Definitely get the Croque Monsier. Since they didn't have the Madame, I improvised and added an egg on top. Beautiful. The toasts were crispy, but not to hard. The ham and Gruyere cheese and egg were all so perfect. Fries were these interesting thinly cut pieces. Loved it.It's all pretty simple: great food, great view, decent service, reasonably priced. Few things beat eating a steak right on the strip while watching the Bellagio water show.Nice view of the Bellagio fountains while dining outside.  Nicely tossed salads.  The chicken mousse pate is creamy delicious.  Warm fresh baguette.  

The service is professional.  Appropriate wine list very reasonable.  Entres good diversity.  The kids menu looks good on paper but the quality is not as high, thus really not appropriate for kids at this restaurant.   Ordered a real meal for the child.  

I like the appetizers much better than the entres.  But the environment at night outside is just spectacular.My wife and I ate breakfast here twice during our stay in Vegas, and loved it. Very friendly staff, timely service, delicious meals, and great espresso coffee. Highlights include: Bloody Mary served with bacon, cheese, olive, and what looked like a cubed headcheese(?) as garnish, Madame Croquet breakfast sandwich, poached eggs over frisée and kale salad with bacon, and cubed ruby red grapefruit with candied ginger reassembled inside the hollowed half. Breakfast service went perfect despite a very busy time on Christmas Day.

Thank you very much for great food and service -we had better meals here at around $90 for 2 people than at Picasso for over 6 times as much!What an awesome experience! The wait was a little longer than quoted but understandable; Sunday brunch and we wanted to be on the patio. When we were seated, the hostesses apologized. The food was pretty awesome but what really made our experience so awesome was our waitress and the staff. Cheryl was so amazing! We had a child with us who was a picky eater and she was so patient and accommodating; got the little guy everything he wanted. Throughout the meal, she was always so attentive and always made sure we had fresh bread (incredible). At the end of the meal, she showed us the rewards program. I can't say enough about how awesome she was! Will definitely come back on our next visit.This place was absolutely amazing! From the ambiance of a cafe in Paris, to every bite of food, everything was top notch. Dining here was the best culinary experience in Vegas.  There was a reason why the bill came to nearly $55 just for lunch. 
The french onion soup was the best I've ever had, too bad I can't eat that everyday. The corned beef and poached eggs was to die for, freshly cut corned beef that is. I love that they give you bread right of the oven! The frangia was delicious, french wine mixed with grand mariner and fruit. My bf ordered the quise and a banana muffin, also out of this world. Again, he could eat their banana muffins everyday.  I was thoroughly impressed with this restaurant and I will be returning the next time I'm in Vegas.
Lastly, the prices were actually reasonable for Vegas. Your not always going to find the best restaurants solely in the hotel your staying at, venture out onto the strip and see what Vegas has to offer.Beautiful restaurant! Build your own bloody mary, authentic French cuisine, I loved it. I thought service was great, but it was the morning after a very long night so I was preoccupied. I will definitely go back again another time. I had the Salmon Tartare and it was was as good as you could expect. I really wished they had steak tartare, maybe that was on the dinner menu. The only complaint I would have is that the corner table in the pavilion room actually smelled like Paris a little bit (more authentic points!), which if you know Paris, it is a little stinky. A slight sewer smell but not enough to lose my appetite :)YAAAAAAAAAAAAS! This place is so good and, for the view and taste of food, completely worth it! We go here EVERY time we go to Vegas and it hasn't failed us. Definitely worth the pricing and the effort. Make a reservation for the window seat and you'll be able to enjoy the Bellagio show while you eat!Still my favorite rest in vegas esp at night time
Watched bellagio fountain show while we were eating our steak and wine.
So romantic.. Love this restGood food, and friendly but slow service. To be expected on Easter Sunday at noon I guess. Chocolate mousse was yucky, like frosting. Scallops gratin, peppercorn salmon & pear/blue cheese salad were all excellent.Pleasantly surprised! Honestly, I thought this was going to be poor in quality and just paying a lot at a fancy place to be facing the strip. The menu looks ordinary, but everything I had was really good.

Pros:

1) Wowed by the food. The breakfast potatoes are the best hash browns I have ever eaten! A bargain at $3.95, I immediately ordered another one even though my meal came with one. It is super light and crispy on the top, unlike anything I have eaten before. Then, the bottom half is almost like a creamy mashed potatoes, rather than the usual "crappy part of the hash brown". We had a week of good eats on our vacation, and this item was amazingly my #1 favorite. We also had the corned beef hash and it was fantastic. I'm used to it looking like the diced mush that comes out of a can (even from restaurants), and this was amazing. Huge cubes of impressively tender meat, with grilled onions that melt in your mouth, and thin and crispy potatoes. 

2) Great views of the Bellagio fountain.

3) No wait at 8am. Just us and maybe four other old people LOL.

Cons:

1) The waitress didn't do anything wrong, but I just expected more from a nicer place like this. Even the greeting seemed lackluster, and although the place was almost empty, it took a long time to take care of our bill because the waitresses were just chatting with each other and not looking our way to see we needed them.

2) The bread is way too hard for human teeth.Very nice atmosphere, good menu, great service. I would go here again, the scallops were delicious and the pear dessert was scruptous!We made dinner reservations for the main dining room (since they don't take reservations for the patio). But when we got there, the kind hostess offered us a prime spot in the patio! We had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains throughout the evening and I couldn't have asked for a more romantic setting.

The service was excellent. Our server was very friendly and entertaining. He was easy to track down and seemed to always show up when we needed something. 

I had the classique steak frites and my fiance had the burger (lol). I couldn't stop munching on the frites - they were so good!

Overall, a great experience. Perfect spot for date night or people-watching with friends. Can't wait to come back!We went to Mon Ami Gabi earlier this year to treat my mother to her Mother's Day brunch.  Initially, we were told that there would be about an hour wait; however, we were pleasantly surprised to be seated within 15 minutes.  The decor and ambiance is a little noisy and crowded, but it's still pretty beautiful and exciting to be a part of.  The food is delicious, but a bit more on the pricey side with smaller portions.  Overall, I believe that my family enjoyed the experience and made some memories that we'll never forget.  Come to Mon Ami Gabi if you're out for a classy meal with good company.The ambiance is absolutely beautiful. Add a friendly and prompt service with the amazing food and you have a very memorable vacation breakfast. Get the bowl of coffee if you are an aficionado.Was seated here with a group of 12 at 7:00pm on a Saturday night for my birthday friend. We got treated right away and was shocked at the prices -- we thought we were going to pay atleast $40 a person for a restaurant in Vegas.

However, the prices avged from 15-30! I was pleasantly surprised. Everything also sounded so good.

I ended up sharing a french onion soup (8.95) with a friend and ordered half mussels (10.95). The soup was good, but a little too cheesy. However, the mussels were TO DIE FOR. The mussels tasted SOO delicious and fresh and the sauce, OMG the sauce was what made the whole dish pop for me. It tasted like a light white wine with butter and garlic and crack.. i couldnt even stop eating to take pictures. 

After finishing the mussels, I used the bread they gave out and soaked it into the sauce... it was THAT good.

My friends also shared the seafood platter for 2 ($20 each person) and that looked amazing also! It included jumbo shrimps, a whole lobster, raw oysters, and some other stuff I forgot but it was beautiful and worth it.

I didn't get to try their signature frites but they looked good from across the table at the other end where my friend ordered some.

BE SURE to make reservations cause I heard there was a 2 hour wait for a table for 2 as we were leaving. geez!This was a really great restaurant to start my Saturday. After a night of celebrating my birthday, I wanted something light,but satisfying to eat. I really had a taste for a croissant, but didn't see it on the menu, so I opted for the warm baguette with butter and jam on the side. While there are a plethora of menu options I could have chosen from, again, I wanted to keep things simple. There's something to be said and appreciated about an eatery that knows baguettes. The loaf was delivered warm, just asking to be buttered. Not only that, it had the perfect crusty exterior and soft, chewy interior.  When I buttered the loaf, you can see it quickly melt into all of the nooks a crannies with perfection. 

In addition to the baguette, I also ordered a single shot of espresso, which was served hot. The flavor was slightly bitter, as it should be, with a rich, intense flavor. Although I will always favor the double shot espressos of France, this was an excellent runner-up. 

I neglected to mention I was able to sit in the self-seated section of the Bloody Mary Bar which looks out onto Las Vegas Boulevard. This was such a treat because there was an hour-long wait for patio seating...this was the next best thing. To finish my light breakfast on a high note, I had to try the Bloody Mary, and not just any BM, the build-your-own sort. My bartender, Robert H. (a very pleasant and accommodating fellow), offered several tomato juices, vodkas, hot sauces and accompanying speared items such as pickles, olives, lemons, bacon slice, cheese wedge and celery stalk, of course. It tasted as great as it looked!

This is such a wonderful eatery with beautiful views, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio's fountain shows and if you like, it's a great place to simply people watch and take in The Boulevard. I had a wonderful time and I certainly will be returning.I have been here several times over the last month. Breakfast and Dinner. I have to say this is one of my favorite spots for breakfast. You can sit on the patio and get a great view of the Boulevard and people watch. You get a gorgeous view of the Bellaigo fountains when they are running dinner time is great for that. So onto the food. The bananas foster waffle is light and delicious. I must get this everytime now. The spinach and goat cheese omlette was fluffy and cooked to perfection.  I love crepes but I really didn't like the pancakes they were nice and light just needed a little sweetness in the batter for my taste. I can see how many would like them.  The fruit bouquet is great to share and very fresh. Coffee is good and they keep it flowing. Date glazed bacon a must if you like bacon. My hubby got the corned beef hash and they use nice big pieces of freshly cooked corned beef it was very good and top quality not greasy. The muffins are great as well. I got the beef bourg for dinner it has excellent flavor. Service has been great on each visit as well. I feel they really take the extra steps to make sure you have a great experience.What's not to love?  We ate lunch here and it was so good we came back for dinner!  salads...great.  Steaks..awesome.  Great place to eat.If I could write a cluster of expletives as my review for this place and not get kicked off Yelp, I would.  I mean, how the hell can food be THIS good?!  Drugs.  It's gotta be drugs.  The food MUST be laced with crack or something because the minute I left I immediately went into withdrawal.  I was in Vegas with some girlfriends and one of them had eaten here before.  She highly recommended it so we decided to give it a try.  I think we got there, say...around 12:00pm.  Maybe not the best time since 12 noon is universal lunch time.  Anyway, we get a buzzer, are told that it might be a 30 minute wait, and proceeded to peruse the menu.  Bad idea.  30 minutes felt like 30 hours after greedily seeing everything that was on the menu.  After what seemed like an eternity, our buzzer happily vibrated and we practically ran inside the restaurant.  Speed is not something that is highly valued here.  So let's just say that we probably waited a good hour for our food.  BUT!  But, my friends, we were prepared.  We each ordered either their mushroom soup or french onion soup.  Now, I'm not a big french onion soup aficionado, but this soup came w/ GLOBS of cheese.  I'm talking about just getting a chunk of it and throwing it in that bad boy.  Um..yeah, I was licking the cheese off the side of the bowl. And I wasn't alone.  The WARM french bread LOAF that they brought to the table was excellent.  I really had to restrain myself from not devouring the entire thing, we were so hungry!!!!  And finally, after staring every waiter down, after thinking that every tray was making its way to our table, we got our food.  I've never had french cuisine before and leave it to me to order the only non-French item on the menu: a bacon cheeseburger.  But it was topped with an egg!  Isn't that how the French eat it?!  No?  Oh.  Anyway, this burger made me want to cry, sing, dance, make love to it, yell at it for cheating on me with other patrons, stalk it on facebook, etc.  My friend sitting next to me ordered their seared ahi tuna burger and she was in heaven.  But alas, I was ill prepared for the culinary greatness that I was about to encounter.  One of my friends ordered their Steak Classique.  And...AND!...she ordered it medium rare.  When I took a bite of that steak, I swear I saw the second coming of Christ, because this HAD to be the end of the world.  I closed my eyes, bowed my head, and thanked God for letting me experience this moment.  Words cannot explain the series of emotions I felt after biting into this steak.  It's really not fair for food to taste this good.  I'm actually getting quite angry.  Damn steaktease.  The only negative (if you can call it that) that I'm giving belongs to...sigh...the frites.  Yes, they're labeled as french fries but they were straight up potato chips.  Now I love potato chips as much as the next man, but when I'm in the mood for FRENCH fries, I want my FRENCH fries, ya know?  Oh :(  But how can I stay mad at you, Mon Ami Gabi.  You are the perfect lover.Anniversary brunch last October. Best place to enjoy the Bellagio fountains across the street, can't beat it for outdoor seating anywhere in Nevada. I had the salmon over quinoa after a nice glass of wine at the bar. Not amazing, but I cleaned my plate - that's just me. Mildly problematic service, but one goes there for the ambiance and the view.Best bread in the world, better than Paris itself.

Yummy steak, good frites, and how can you go wrong people watching and a front row view of the Bellagio fountains?!Great spot on the strip for a quick bet of French cuisine. If you have any friends from out of town, this would be a great spot to take them to.This is one of our favorite places on the Strip for a lunch or brunch. 

Great quality of food, great atmosphere and staff. Try to get a seat outside if the weather is not too hot. 

The extensive menu is sure to satisfy everyone's needs but I highly recommend the crepes and the eggs Benedict!

We will definitely be back :)We ordered the escargot, steak au poivre, steak bordelaise, oysters du jour, and lunch special (dc chicken salad sandwich with chips).

I actually only had the steak au poivre, so I can only speak for that...it was delicious! It had carmelized onions on top with a red wine sauce (you can't really taste the red wine though). One complaint: I requested my steak medium, but it came well done. Still tasted good, but I wish it was made as requested. The steak came with a large heap of frites on the side (tasted like unsalted potato chips).

As for the other items: My French aunt and uncle, who are restaurateurs, absolutely LOVED the escargot...and that's saying a lot considering they've eaten an entire colony of genuine French escargot back in Paris. The steak bordelaise was satisfying, according to them. They thought the oysters du jour were disappointingly small but tasty. The dc chicken sandwich and chips were gobbled up pretty quickly, so I'm going to take a wild guess and say those were good too.

Overall, an awesome place to dine! Service was wonderful, prices were reasonable, and there is outside dining (just like many restaurants in Paris). Mon Ami Gabi is located at the Paris hotel, directly across from Bellagio, and if you dine al fresco, you can catch the Bellagio water show while you eat. What a treat :)Overall a really great restaurant!

I love the location, it's right on the Las Vegas Boulevard with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountain show. 

The food is delicious, I had the salmon and the Trout and both were excellent. 

Their sangria and their cocktails are FANTASTIC!

Also, the bananas foster with ice cream in a crepe is just delicious. 

I love coming here, plus the prices are very reasonable considering the fact that you are getting a delicious meal on the Las Vegas Strip! 

Such a great place. I highly recommend checking it out. But if you do, make a reservation! They are always busy.Heading to Vegas next week and decided to check up on their hours so I can make reservations but it came to my attention that they no longer sell the braised beef eggs benedict?! I guess normal eggs benedict with Canadian bacom will do but I really hope that I'm wrong! 

Anyway, aside from the eggs benedict, the breakfast potatoes here are goooooood. The best potatoes I've had and I love potatoes. Heck, I might just order breakfast potatoes next week (I'm kidding only.... or am I?). Steak frites are also good (that's what my boyfriend ordered). 

Definitely would recommend eating here. Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite restaurant for brunch in Sin City. Sit outside and enjoy the hot blazing Nevada sun and people watch. Although I only ate brunch here, I'm sure lunch and dinner is just as tasty; probably even better.Loved the chicken =] very goodI do love the view here. I am a people watcher and can view the whole strip and watch the Bellagio fountains. Plus, it's rare that I get my "perfect weather day" in Vegas so I bask outside whenever I can. 

I get very simple things here and they are good. I am a pate person- their country pate  and chicken liver mousse are happy pleasure of mine. (Me= bread and charcuterie whore). I usually just snack and dont commit to serious eats while watching people so thats my usual. 

Breakfast I've had the butterscotch waffles with poached pears and it was a nice topping...sweet, but not overwhelmingly so. 

I have not had dinner here yet. 

I've gone off trying most breakfast/lunch items, but I just keep it to those simple three usually...not that the other items are bad. Ive gotten a short rib cheese sammy, escargot, scallops gratinees, seafood crepe and enjoyed each. 

I just like French simplicity to go for the view.Absolutely delicious. I got the salmon salad and my hubby the filet mignon with merlot sauce. Fresh French bread. Outstanding. Fast. Clean. Service was perfect! Must go!!!Complimentary bread with the broiled mussels are to die for !!! Definitely order them! I also had the salmon with mashed cauliflowers also delicious !This is the best restaurant in Las Vegas. I am still sitting at the table and leaving a review so people can come experience this! Lol. We had the Salmon Tartine w flat fries and the Blueberry French Toast. Rich food, beautiful atmosphere friendly staff that says "Bonjour" upon greeting us. So affordable, much more for your money!We had salmon eggs Benedict and French toast. Eggs were good but the toast was simply amazing. What I didn't like was the freshly squeezed OJ didn't seem to be fresh, more like pre-prepared.Fantastic oysters! Incredible service! Reasonable prices. Great mushroom soup. My only complaint was that my steak was lacking flavor.Just finished have breakfast and it was good. Food was excellent. I have the turkey and egg white omelet and my husband had the 3 egg plate. Only downside was the service. Server was slow. Not sure if she had to many tables or she was just a slow server but she couldn't keep up this morning.Came here for breakfast with my friends. Loved the location as it was very close to my hotel. I find the food a little pricey for the potion, but the service was good, the ingredients were fresh, and the lighting in the outside patio portion was AMAZING. Made me and my other friend who are foodie instagramers very happy.I have been here multiple times on work trips and a few times on personal trips. Sit outside, or near the patio. If it is too hot for that, find somewhere else. The menu prices can seem a little high, but it's Vegas and if you sit near the patio, you are in prime people-watching territory (right across from the Bellagio Fountains). 

I am very partial to the seafood here (salmon, scallops, mussels). I have had the steak (medium to medium-rare) on several occasions and it usually comes out inconsistently and over -cooked. Love the bread and butter and the service is usually outstanding, even given the amount of people they serve in any one shift.I absolutely love this restaurant in Las Vegas. I come here every time I am in town. I have only ordered steak frites and I think it is the best I've eaten.  Highly recommend to sit out on the patio and watch the Bellagio water fountains and people watch while you eat. Enjoy!On a chilly night got a table on the patio. Heat lamps kept it comfortable. Had a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. Told the waiter of my wife's gluten allergy and he said "don't worry, we'll take care of it".  They swapped out the walnut date bread on the cheese board with some rice flour crisps that were excellent. I had the oyster cream soup, superb. We both had salmon, mine in a spinach salad and hers on a bed of Yukon gold potatoes and onions. Both were awesome. We shared a very good bottle of Rosé and the bill came to only $108. Service was attentive yet inconspicuous. Considering the setting, quality, service and price, I have to give this 5 stars, it's a fantastic option for a romantic meal in Vegas at a reasonable price.WINNING! That's what Mon Ami Gabi did for my gal pal and I this past weekend. The view and our service were all top notch. The butter merlot filet was excellent...cooked perfectly and was ever so juicy and delicious. The house pinot complimented the filet perfectly (like Charlie Sheen and cocaine). The warm flourless chocolate cake was scrumptious and the perfect way to end our dinner...and start the night. Viva Las Vegas baby, yeah!I brought my parents here for Easter and we all had the Steak Bearnaise - the portion was huge, service was excellent and we were all very happy!   You need reservations - the place gets packed!   A few weeks ago I brought a friend visiting out of town here. Again, the food was fantastic, but it was packed. Make a reservation!Great spot for breakfast. Delicious crepes, eggs, and the best toast ever. Nice location, especially on the patio overlooking the strip.One of my favorite places to eat. We sat outside in front of the bellagio fountain this time because I wanted to show him fountain show while we had our lunch. We tried the escargot, he got the special sausage sandwich of the day, and I got the fish of the day which was the swordfish. Loved the swordfish. Fish was cooked perfectly with sauce and the tomatoes were delicious. View was breath taking and people were walking around the strip so it was nice to see different faces. Love love it.Favorite place in Vegas to sit,  drink wine, and people watch.  Awesome view on the patio of the Bellagio water show. We had a great duo on the sidewalk playing their guitars...they sounded great! We had the baked goat cheese, french onion soup, and steak frites.  Everything was wonderful!My friend wanted to try this place so we made a reservation. We got there a little before our reservation time but the they seated us right away. They have a nice outdoor sitting area but it was too full so we sat somewhere else inside.. near the outdoor area. My friends got filet mignon and I just got a classic steak with red wine sauce. The sauce is amazing.. The steak was okay, nothing extraordinary. We got a bottle of champagne which was like forty dollars. They had a bar but the cocktail list wasn't on the menu for some reason. The waiter was super friendly.. Over friendly. Oh, and the bread was yummy too. Overall, it was pretty delish!DELICIOUS!!
We came here on the first night of our Vegas stay and it was packed (on a Wednesday!)! So we decided to make reservations for the following night and see what all the fuss was about.
They seated us promptly and we were quickly greeted by our lovely waitress (who stayed lovely throughout the meal - sadly a rare commodity). We ordered a nice wine and the seafood platter. Both were very good but I rather skip to the highlight of the evening. For dessert our waitress recommended the Chocolate Pudding Cake. WOW WOW WOW! Perfection on a plate! I'm not a big dessert orderer/eater but have been tempted here and there. This was definitely worth the extra calories ;) 
Indulge!!Review for Saturday Dinner.

As a girl who lived in France for half a year, I had a lot of expectations for this restaurant, which were met but not exceeded. 

The restaurant has two seating areas, one inside - which is very reminiscent of restaurants in Paris, and the other is an inddor/outdoor patio with a view of the Bellagio fountains, which was really nice planning on their part. The ambiance was really nice and the dim lighting gave the restaurant a very romantic feel.

Now onto the food. Like I said, I lived in France for little while so I was both really excited and really nervous to try this place - excited because I love and miss authentic French cuisine and nervous because I know what many dishes are supposed to taste like. The waiter gives each table a fresh baguette in a paper bag along with creamy butter and carrots, all of which tasted just as I remembered while I was living abroad. 

For our appetizers we had the warm brie and the escargot, both of which were delicious! The only criticism that I have was that the escargot was already out of the shell, but I am pretty understanding as to why that was. For escargot newbies, dip the bread in the garlic and butter sauce for an excellent and flavorful bite! We paired these dishes with the COTES DU PROVENCE (Le Provencal), a rose from the southern part of France (which is known for their rose), and it was great.

For my main course I had the Chicken Grandmere (or grandma's chicken) which was very simple, but tasty. 

I would definitely come here again, but maybe for breakfast.The food is amazziinngggg! kind of pricey but not too bad for french foodThis is a cute little spot.  It's also my go-to for out of town guests.
The food is delicious.  The service is better.  and the view is one of the best in the city.  People watching and the fountains.

In the warmer months, you can't request a table outside--or I never have been able to--so get there early and grab a cocktail at the bar.  The staff there is great.The filet was one of the best I've ever had and the muscles were the biggest I've ever seen!  All while sipping great wine and watching the fountains.  Divine!Hanger steak was good.  I can't remember the name but there is a French beer that is really good.The reviews pretty much say it all. The food here was very very good. I ordered the chicken and mushroom crepe. It was hard to make a decision on the menu because all the food sounded so delicious. The crepe was the best I've ever had. The presentation on the plate was amazing and the flavor didn't disappoint. The service here was very good and the servers knew who ordered what without asking. The restaurant is very busy so expect to wait at least 30 minutes for a table. I would have given this place five stars but they had accidentally seated another party at our table which caused quite a bit of confusion and frustration. The food and service after that made up for it and my group had all forgotten the drama after enjoying the delicious food and wonderful ambiance.Went for breakfast at the recommendation of a food blogger I stumbled across, it definitely did not disappoint! I ordered the turkey egg white omelette with an avocado tomato relish, i think I said yum after every bite, it definitely hit the spot. 
I recommend going early to avoid the crowd and get a seat on the patio so you can people watch!We love Mon Ami Gabi:
1. Great view of the Bellagio fountain
2. Love the wild escargot de bourgougne and scallop appetizers
3. The Merlot steak frites was delicious!I'm still very happy with Mon Ami.  I do wish the assistant waiter would pick up my glass when filling it.  Leaving it in the table is Rude!Yummy food, Holly is the best server in the world!!!!As a vegetarian I always have had a hard time finding restaurants that make good veggie food! This place just blew me away! The avocado toast was just DIVINE!!! So so good! A must try even for meat eaters! 
Kudos to the chef for creating something so yummy for us eggatarian folks! 
And Trish our server was really sweet, amazing and very friendly. She actually cared that we got our food on time and that we enjoyed it!Nice experience, wonderful view, however the food has gone downhill since our last visit.  We live in Las Vegas, and have dined there a few times.  Always wonderful food.  The prices are very reasonable based on strip standards, but the steak is really not that much better than what you find at Outback.  Also, the Steak Frites fries are more like chips than they are fries.  The bread, and desserts are still totally fabulous.  With all the other choices, it will be a while before we try this again.

If I could rate 3.5 stars, that would be more accurate.Well, this restaurant was everything I hoped it would be.  The smells coming from it before we even got in and sat down were heavenly.  We made dinner reservations and even though there was a long line, we were accommodated right away.  The triple cream cheese with mushrooms was a divine appetizer.  I ordered the beef wellington with the garlic spinach.  Absolutely outstanding.  I don't think I stopped thinking about this dish for days.  The service was very good as well. I would certainly eat here again.  The only thing I would suggest is try to get in by 6 pm for dinner, at the latest.  By the time we were done at 7:15, the line was almost out the door.Blown away! And not just from the roaring Bellagio Fountain show!

Started with carrot salad (compliments of the chef) which was an excellent palate cleanser.  Tabletop baguette was hot, crusty but soft inside. Excellent!  Whipped butter on the side, too. (Yes, ask for more bread if you have the space.)

We started with the St. Germaine Spritzer (small carafe, enough for two). Sweet as expected but refreshing.  Lemon wedge, definitely worth a squeeze into the drink! :)  $14.95

Wild Escargots De Bourgogne were delicate and definitely, garlic heaven, so make sure to use the tabletop baguette to get out every last drop of butter! $15.95

Frisée, Kale, & Bacon salad with poached egg.  It was very tangy!  Chopped thick cuts of bacon with slightly bitter frisée, finely chopped kale, and tangy dressing--and don't forget to pop the poached egg!   $12.95

Onion Soup Au Gratin (French Onion Soup).  Been a long time since I've had a great French onion soup, and this place definitely hit the high notes!  Savory but a bit sweet, perfect blend and piping hot.  Hearty portion.  $10.95

I chose one of the specials for the evening--Striped bass. The fish was very moist with a very crispy skin.  The fish sat on a bed of perfectly cooked Yukon Gold potatoes, tender fava beans and earthy Morel mushrooms.  Definitely a delightful dish!  The fish was fabulous! $30.95 

Steak Frites, Bordelaise. Perfectly pounded steak with their signature handcut pommes frites.  The Bordelaise sauce (caramelized onion, red wine sauce) was savory and rich.  He loved it.   $28.95  (They offer various sauces, so don't fret! Classique, au poivre, dijon, roquefort and bearnaise.)

Whipped Cauliflower.  This side dish stood out, and it was phenomenal. If you're in the mood for mind-blowing pureed cauliflower, with notes of cream and perfect seasoning... this is it!  $5.95 

Decaf cappuccino $5.00  
Latte $5.00

Anniversary dessert--Their profiterole. French choux pastry ball filled with vanilla ice cream and topped with double chocolate fudge.  It was a very nice touch from the restaurant for a special occasion!  Much appreciated. 

Daily sorbet--Strawberries. This was so refreshing and a perfect end to a delicious and filling meal! $8.95


Service = excellent. Attentive, friendly, and just wonderful. Shelly P. was a fabulous server and made our visit very enjoyable!! 

Prices = moderate.  We went a bit overboard but it was well worth it!! Total: $150.91 with taxes. 

Highly recommend getting reservations ahead of time.  (If you want patio seating, it's NOT possible to get reservations for it.  There's a waitlist, and it's first-come-first-serve.)

With that being said, we ended up sitting inside with a view of the Bellagio Fountains, near the patio seating!  We enjoyed several shows of the Bellagio Fountains throughout our two hour meal, at the height of dinner service.  

Yes, we were impressed with the quality of food, service and ambiance!  Thank you for making our anniversary dinner be such a treat!! (And I must thank my friend for recommending this place!)  À bientôt!Best breakfast on the strip!! Starts with amazing coffee, continues through maple bacon and legit toast and jam. My wife loves the French toast...a must stop every time we hit VegasTHE BEST steak fritte, mash potatoes, mac-n-cheese, Bearnaise reduction & french bread you will ever taste in the heart of the Las Vegas strip.

Fabulous service. Full wait staff, bow tie's and all! 

Great ambiance. 

Must make a reservation or you will expect a 2-3 hour wait.Mon Ami Gabi has a great patio, you can see the Bellagio fountains across the street and dine under the Eiffel Tower. My husband and I both really enjoyed the filet mingon with merlot butter, it was very delicious and I highly recommend it! Our server, however, was aloof and a bit snooty, which was really the only turnoff for an otherwise delightful meal.The first time I was planning a trip to Vegas, Yelp was but a twinkle in Messrs. Simmons' and Stoppelman's eyes, and curious trip-planning individuals, such as myself, turned to time-tested travel guide experts such as Frommers and Fodors.  

The former was my favorite, and HIGHLY recommended as THE place to grab a meal mid-Strip was Mon Ami Gabi, due to the good service, great food, and amazing view from the patio seats.  "Quintessential New-Age Vegas."  You sit at the foot of one of the mega-resorts (and miniature wonder-of-the-world replicas [the Eiffel Tower, in case you were wondering]) that crowd Las Vegas Boulevard, dine on great food, bask in the blazing desert sun, and stare at one of the most beautiful hotels (Bellagio) and water shows (Bellagio Fountains) on the Third Rock.  

Tip: while there is no bad time to dine, night time surely trumps daytime for magnificence of eye-catching beauty across the street, and up and down the boulevard.  Vegas at night is a miracle of human achievement. 

To date, I've been at least once on every single trip I've made to Vegas, no matter the premise for my being there.  Patio seating is non-reserved, but worth the wait.  I've never had to wait for more than an hour, and that was during prime time.

The food is good - definitely above average.  Escargot and one of the steak frites preparations are my go-to, but I've had many other things and nothing was bad.  Average at worst.  On this occasion, I had the steak frites au poivre, and it was cooked as requested, tender, flavorful and filling.  The fries are nothing to write home about.

The service is always professional and consistent.  Meets expectations, but is not quite as good as you would prefer for the price.

But, really, the price is reasonable for the combination of quality of food, fantastic view, good service, and the fact that this is VEGAS.  Meaning here, expensive is as cheap as it gets, and goes up from there.

Food = 4/5
Facility = 4/5
Service = 3/5
Ambiance = 6/5
Value = 3/5Nice view of Bellagio and the watershow, romantic environment, friendly staff, and great food!

I just wish it wasn't so darn expensive =/ A plate of small Caesar salad is already $9!My first time in Vegas and this was where I went for dinner. The idea of a reservation is a little bit of a joke. We had to wait for another 30 minutes or so. I suppose it might have been longer if we didn't have a reservation, but it didn't seem to make a difference. 
      That aside, I loved the food, service, and decor. The place definitely reminded me of the restaurant Amelie would go to with her parents when she was younger ( or i'm remembering another french movie...either way I loved the dark wood and black and white tiled floors.)  The place was packed but our service was great, I can't remember what his name is now but waters were filled our orders were taken and plates removed in a very timely manner. 
       The food: Scallop entree, Steak and frites entree, and Chicken Pate appetizer, all delicious.  I would recommend all three items again. I want to go back and just have the exact same dinner again with a glass of rose.This is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. Love the steaks and the atmosphere and the drink called A Paris Romance.I have loved this place for years. It never lets you down. Perfect spot for a date, bday anniversary. The trick is to make a reservation, but show up about 30min early and request the outdoor patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. You can not reserve them, it's by list only. Worst case scenario, list is too long, you already have your reservation in place for regular dinning. Amazing French food without the over the top French prices.My favorite place to eat in Vegas!  Sit outside on the patio at night with the Bellagio fountains going off.  It feels like Vegas but doesn't.

I usually order the Filet and get a side of Asparagus or a salad.  This most recent visit I tried the Chicken Paillard which was so good.  Great wine list.  

It's always busy!  The trick is to make reservations, which they don't take for the patio cause it's first come first serve, and then when you get there to check in tell them that you are interested in sitting outside if possible.

I've always had great service there whether it be on a hot date or with a group of girlfriends for a birthday.I liked this place, we had lunch here on the terrasse, which is fabulous on a sunny afternoon! I thought the quality/ food ratio was excellent, and the portions werent huge! Perfect place to enjoy a nice sunny afternoon!Came here for breakfast and it was easily one of the best meals we had during our trip to vegas.  The food was awesome and service was prompt.  

The eggs benedict was delicious but what really won me over were their pancakes, which were more crepe-like than a traditional pancake.  You could definitely taste the heavy use of butter in everything, as in most french cooking, but being a huge fan of all things buttery, I loved it :). 

If you're looking for a cute breakfast/brunch spot on the strip, mon ami gabi is a great choice!I have been here twice for breakfast and it is incredible. The mixed berry pancakes (crepes) with homemade whipped cream was delicious. Sitting outside on the patio is very nice.My review is for breakfast. They take reservations for inside but not for out on the strip. We were luck enough that it wasn't to packed and got a seat right outside which was fun to see all the craziness that is the strip. If you want quiet, inside is the way to go and just as nice, only different.  I had blueberry waffles and they were excellent. Tasted very fresh and cooked perfectly. I wasn't crazy about the side of breakfast potatoes, there was nothing wrong with them, just didn't like them that much. Service was very good. They have some unique juice combinations, mine was strawberry and mint and something else that I don't remember but it was very fresh tasting and very refreshing. The atmosphere here is fantastic.I went for a relaxing lazy sunday lunch... 
French Onion Soup = SOOOO YUMMMMMMMMMMMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The cheese was just burnt enough, the broth not too oniony and not too salty.  Truly perfect.
He got the Brie Burger = SO YUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Mon Ami Gabi gets one notch down because I shamefully got the spinach crepe. Silly girl you can get a crepe on the street, you get something YUMMY at Mon Ami Gabi.  Plus, our waiter was too busy chatting up a table of cougars to check up on us.

Next time we are getting two soups and splitting that heavenly brie burger so that we have room for dessert. MMMMI made a reservation on a Monday evening and was seated very quickly upon arrival. 

My friend and I got seated in a dark corner, and the table was wobbly. But we didn't want to let that affect our meal. 

Started off with a fresh baguette with a radish spread, which was pretty good. We both ordered the hanger steak medium rare. My friend's steak wasn't cooked correctly on some parts of the steak, however, mine was great. It came with pomme frites. It was a different type of fries...reminded me of fritos but less crunchy and more potato-y. 

Overall, I felt that I was very satisfied with my meal and the price of the meal.I've been meaning to write a review for this place for awhile now.. I've probably been here about four times? HIGHLY recommend this place. I feel like a lot of places in Vegas are overrated and overly-pretentious... but not this place! Best of all, I feel like it's the best bang for your buck! 

The service here is FANTASTIC. I've never been disappointed with anyone.. starting with the hostess, to the waiter/waitresses. Everyone is super friendly and very attentive! 

You can't make a reservation to sit in the patio, but this last time around, we came here at 6:30pm (for party of 2) with a normal reservation. We just ended up waiting 15 minutes to sit at the patio (they do not take reservations for the patio) so that we can watch the Bellagio fountain show! Sitting in the patio can be quite romantic and cute! :) 

I've gotten the steak here a bunch of times which is always good. This last time around, had the seafood platter for two (lobster, shrimp, oysters, tuna tartar).. especially on a hot day, I'd highly recommend it! The tuna tartar was VERY good. 

The only thing I did not like food-wise from my experience so far.. was their chilled soup of the day. I forget exactly what it's called, but something with almonds and grapes? NOT good. 

For the appetizer - I've also had the chilled gazpacho with avocado.. THAT was delicious! (and good during the summer time)

Overall - I'd highly recommend! Great food, great service.. and won't burn a hole in your wallet ;)Early breakfast, sitting outside, under a heat blower... great !
Regular coffee : no limit. Breakfast was OK, but overprized.

The smell INSIDE the resto was very bad.Always a pleasant experience!

Came for an "end of trip" brunch with my girlfriend this morning. The coffee is still spectacular (the first time I had it was about 7 years ago).  I love how they just keep refilling your cup. Mmm!

I ordered the mushroom and chive omelette with egg whites and added spinach. It was amazing! My girlfriend ordered an omelette as well and really like it.

I love how we were also able to sit right at the edge of their outdoor patio. Perfect place to people-watch, get some gorgeous sites of the Bellagio/its fountain and the rest of the strip, and just enjoy life.

Will definitely come again!Amazing breakfast for someone allergic to gluten. The bread was amazing I had a egg white omellete. The fruit cup was incredible and 7 bucks. Not to be missed and fair prices for someone cheap like me. At paris hotel walk outside easier to find on stip directly across from BellagioWe went here for our Valentine's Day dinner. The management handled the large lines very professionally and we were sat right when we had our reservation. We got to sit on the outdoor patio and had a great view of the Bellagio fountains from there. Their hangar steak is amazing and melts in your mouth! The whipped cauliflower is also a favorite. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. We will be back again.This is a great spot for a quick bite in the middle of the strip. 

The filet mignon is really good. So is their frangria (their French version of a sangria).

The ambiance is nice if you sit outside our in the atrium. 

Unfortunately the service was not very good though. The waiter was so unfriendly and disorganized that the the tables next to us started asking us if we also felt that the service was poor.Why wait for outside table when the covered patio is faster seating and just as scenic?  Great brunch locale this time of year.  I enjoyed the endive salad and generous quiche portion while my husband dug into the corned beef hash.  He's pretty picky about his hash so it was a good sign that he cleaned his plate!   A little excellent chocolate mousse for dessert and our day was off to a great start.I was at the Paris hotel actually planning to check out Gordon Ramsey Steak.  They are not open for lunch, so I went to Mon Ami Gabi and really glad I did.

I ate at the bar which seats eight.  The bartender was really friendly.  I started off with a glass of Bordeaux oh his recommendation that was excellent.

I started with a bowl of French onion soup.  It came up really quick.  It was great.  It had a great topping not cheese that was melted just perfect, the onions were caramelized just right, and the croutons were nice.

Next was the Steak Frites (steak with fries).  I love this dish and they did it really well. They had five choices--I went with the merlot reduction that was wonderful.  The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were very nice.  This is my strong recommendation if you eat here--which I plan to do again in the future.Warm Brie. Mac & Cheese. Filet Mignon Merlot. All excellent.Decided to have a nice solo breakfast one morning. Walked over to Mon Ami and was seated at their outside balcony facing bellagio's fountain. Waitress recommended their special. Eggs Benedict on top of pork tenderloin covered with a roasted tomato hollandaise sauce. Absolutely delicious! Freshly squeezed OJ and two cups of freshly brewed coffee! Great way to start off the day! Love this place.Amazing, simply amazing, favorite spot on the strip, reasonably priced and great food. Beautiful view of the fountains. Service not always the best, but good.I am so happy I had the chance to eat at Mon Ami Gabi during my 1st trip to Vegas. We arrived for brunch on a Wednesday and waited only 15 mins for an outside table...perfect for people watching :) I ordered the Quiche Lorraine and it was delectable. Super flaky crust and perfectly baked egg-custard inside. My tummy misses this dish! I'm excited to try dinner during my next trip.Absolutely fantastic breakfast. Had a lot of good food during our week in Las Vegas (as I extensively research every detail before a trip!) and this meal was one of my favorites. My boyfriend who accompanied me on the trip agreed. We love dining out and are self-proclaimed foodies who will try most things but also enjoy classics just as much as the next person. We also will order different things and share in order to enjoy variety during meals. The entire experience of dining is something we are both fairly passionate about.

I ordered the bananas foster skinny pancakes, a half order of the blueberry french toast, and bf ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs. Definitely too much food for the two of us but we couldn't decide and had absolutely no regrets. I also ordered the cappuccino in a bowl - couldn't resist, but probably overkill for one person (bf doesn't like coffee). All the food was out of this world good. We went on February 23rd and now that I am writing this review I am salivating thinking about those darn skinny pancakes. How I wish this restaurant was closer to where I live!

The service was exceptional - we had three or four people waiting on our every need. The ambiance is excellent as well. We sat on the patio even though it was in the mid 50s or so, but the heaters they have outside made it perfectly comfortable. Next time we are in Vegas we will DEFINITELY return. It is a bit pricey which is about the only reason we didn't go back every morning (that and wanting to try other things). Normally we would not be too thrilled about spending $40 for two for breakfast, but for the amount and quality of food, it was more than worth the price. As far as breakfast goes, nothing else we had in Vegas (or possibly anywhere) compares to Mon Ami Gabi.

Highly recommend making a reservation, even for breakfast.The steak I had here was probably the best steak I've ever had in my life. It was perfectly and savory. I remember that "Ratatouille" moment, like in the movie, where my brain just release so many endorphins and I went back to a scene from my childhood. This was very nice and had an amazing view of the Vegas Strip. Highly recommended.Came here for breakfast based on a recommendation. Amazing!!! I will definitely come back to try the steak at some point, but breakfast is totally, 100% my favorite meal. The corned beef hash is delicious, fresh, made in house, and light. And then - the skinny lemon pancakes. I love lemon flavor, and this was so fresh!! Super thin pancake almost to the point of being a crepe. Fresh marmalade, cream on the side, and a lemon half to juice. The faint bits of added sugar or crystallized lemon gave a glorious crunch to the overall soft texture. Top it all off, It's shaped like a tree star from land before time (good ol childhood memories)!! Love it!!!!I will definitely come back here again after my first experience at Mon Ami Gabi. 

Food: I ordered a crab salad sandwich ($14.99) which came with potato chips (very fresh and crispy!). We were also provided with complementary French bread aka baguette. The baguette was very fresh and soft where it matters. One of the better rolls I've had in Las Vegas. The crab salad was tasty though it wasn't exceptionally different than anything I've had in the past for a similar quality restaurant. I also ordered a freshly squeezed orange juice ($3.99). It was pretty good though a bit small. Order two if needed! Fresh juice is also available for grapefruit.

Service: 4.5 stars for the service. We were seated quickly and received our food within a reasonable amount of time. They were courteous and friendly. 

Ambiance: 5 stars for the ambiance. You can't really beat having a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Although we did not seat directly in front of it, I could still see it on the side if I lean my body over. TIP: Try getting a "front" row seat aka outdoors across the street from the fountain or directly behind the outdoor seating area for a spectacular view of the free show across the street. Love it. 

Location: Great mid/central strip location. Near several great places - two of my favorite shopping malls in Vegas aka Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood and the Forum Shops at Cesar Palace. Paris has some affordable restaurants at a great location. 

Transportation: Save yourself some money and get an all day bus pass ($7). The bus stop is right in front of the hotel/restaurant and is available 24 hours a day! 

Payment: Takes credit card and cash. Easy going about parties splitting their bill as well.

Will return again for brunch. Want to try breakfast next time.Superb! Lovely, no nonsense French meal.  Almost as good as you'd get in a Paris Brasserie. First thing, the warm fresh baguette and butter.......doesn't get better.  For starters we had the escargot, petite salad and oysters.  The oysters were the freshest I've had in ages, and I live on the coast in Southern Cal!! The Steak Frites au Poivre was tender, juicy, and  accompanied by perfect crunchy frites. We also had the chicken Grand-Mère which was divine! Probably my favorite! For dessert, the Profiteroles was yummy however my personal favorite was the Caramel Creme Brûlée.  The Creme was light and not too "custard-y" as most places are. The Caramel flavor was perfection.  Just a perfect meal in a beautiful setting.I have been wanting to go to Mon Ami for SOOO long, but was always discouraged by 1) the wait, 2) recent ho hum reviews. 

However, it was a Friday morning and I decided to press my luck and get in a little after it opens -- 8:30AM -- BRUNCH!! Reserved via opentable. Got there.. . It was already starting to fill up, holy moly!! 

I j'adore it immediately upon entering though... felt like I walked right back into Paris again. =) The architecture, the colors, the mood... casual, romantic... intimate 

If you have a party greater than 2, you need to have your full party or else you don't get seated. Outside patio seating, indoor patio seating, indoor booth seating available. We opted for the indoor patio because it was so beautiful outside with the sun shining through the glass roof but we didn't want to deal with the traffic noise, smog, etc sitting on the outside. 

Menu is limited but covered all the basics. We opted for their blueberry french toast and ham, egg croissant sandwich (side salad included), an side of eggs, and a bowl of cappuccino. 


Cappuccino came first... HUGE bowl brewed with Black Cat(?) Intelligentsia coffee. Delicious.....they even refilled us. :D

French toast? RICH. Topped with delicious heavy cream and blueberries. 
Croissant Sandwich was also delicious through and through. 

We were so happy with our meal and staff that we ended up buying one of those huge Paris balloon mugs! A true testament cuz I hate buying touristy things. =)I made a reservation for one via Open Table and I'm really glad I did because it was very busy for lunch (12:30PM). I wasn't able to opt for the extra 15-minute wait for patio seating (it became a 30-minute wait by 12:45), but I think it's worthwhile.

Getting to my table was quite the ordeal. I was told that my table was being prepared when I checked in, however, I was still waiting after several other groups, most arriving after I did, was seated before me. I finally approached them after almost ten minutes and this was followed by a few more minutes of "here's your table, nope, it's not available, waiting awkwardly, walking around the dining area, here's another table in the dark, there's other tables available, but not for one person, etc." It's a long story and I've spared the details. I was finally seated at a table next to the window overlooking the patio and it was very pretty. 

Because of the lengthy windows and almost dome-like ceiling of this area, it's a wonderful alternative to their coveted patio dining. You still have a really great view and the light is magnificent (probably not so much in the summer). Although, if you sit right along the glass, like I did, you are awkwardly close to patrons on the other side. Besides the odd setting, I think this indoor "glass room" is better than actually sitting outside. You still get all the benefits of the restaurant's location without the car and foot traffic, outdoor elements, and people gawking at you.

You start your meal with fresh, warm baguette and creamy butter. I love that the loaf arrives in a "Mon Ami Gabi" bag, where you just tear off pieces to eat and it allows for easy travel. The bread had a great crust and soft, chewy center. Delicious.

I had the Wild Escargots de Bourgogne ($14.95), oven-roasted snails in garlic herb butter, and Seafood Crêpe ($15.95) made with scallops, shrimp, peas, and cream, served with a frisée and vinaigrette salad. The escargot was delicious! Especially that butter. Since it's served in the specially-made cast iron pan that it was baked, the dish is still warm until you're done. The "sauce" is extremely fragrant and went perfectly with the baguette. The crêpe was wonderful, filled with light cream and peas, topped with scrumptious scallops (it comes with two pieces, however, they're most likely one big scallop sliced in half) and plump shrimp (three nicely-sized crustaceans). The light and refreshing salad was a great companion as well.

Service was very pleasant and quick to respond to my needs and necessity to finish my meal in the allotted time. The beginning was a bit shaky and it did cause my having to rush through lunch, however, I was very pleased with the table and the view made me smile. It also helped that the weather was gorgeous! I would love to dine here again, preferably for breakfast and/or brunch and dinner. I believe I've only visited once previously, approximately 7-8 years ago, for dinner, but I don't remember much!Awwww oui! Mikey likey. I came here recently for my second or third time and I was more impressed than the previous time, or two times. How much more impressed? Enough to give this sucker five stars, in case you didn't notice and are still reading this review despite the fact that five stars really says it all.

Mon Ami Gabi doesn't deserve credit for the fact that I can't give a place that serves me Filet Mignon a bad rating. But, in this case, that is exactly what they are going to get. A not bad rating, that is.

And judging by the relative lack of positive reviews of this establishment just kidding I have to say that they will likely see a huge surge of traffic after I click Save Now, followed by Post. Because my positive reviews bring all the boys to the yard, and in this analogy, the yard is this restaurant and the boys really are people of any gender that are willing to eat very tasty french inspired steak while likely sitting on a patio that is directly across the street from the Bellagio water fountain shows

Run on sentences are nothing to scoff at. Go here and order some food. Stop reading this review already. I could teach you, but I'd have to charge.My favorite place to eat in Vegas, maybe on planet Earth. If you haven't tried the filet mignon w/merlot butter sauce your life is sincerely lacking! Try it...now.  You're welcome.What a delightful surprise we got at Mon Ami Gabi!!! 

I had some of the most scrumptious French toast I have ever had the pleasure of eating! Brent had an omelette that was, well, there's no other word but perfect! They also bring out tasty bread and homemade jams while you wait. 

The coffee is amazing. The ambiance, the wait staff, everything about this place was thoroughly enjoyable. 

I'm only sorry we didn't have a chance to return to this fabulous spot during our trip to have dinner. We will be back the very first chance we get!Made reservations for brunch on a Thursday morning. Just fyi, reservations are only for indoor seating. You have to get there early for the outdoor seating that everyone is talking about otherwise it's a long wait. 

I got the croissant sandwich, which was nothing to rave about. However, the boyfriend got the corned beef hash which is recommended on yelp, and that was delicious! So, lesson learned. Make sure you order the corned beef hash if you are here for breakfast/brunch!

We thought about ordering the steak frites but felt it was a bit too early for steak. However, whenever I'm back in Vegas again I definitely want to try it out!Flawless.  Waitstaff extremely helpful for those not familiar with some of the steak entree finishings.  Wide variety wine selection and staff is also well educated in appropriate wine pairings for each particular steak.  I agree with all the reviews that say this is not a true tourist trap.  If you skip this place, you've missed out on near perfection.  I would have rather eaten every dinner here than the two really crappy Mexican places my friends made me eat at.  (ie-don't waste your life on Cabo Wabo).This was by far my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  We had dinner reservations at other locations that were considered "fine dining" but this place takes the cake.  We actually came here for lunch on a Saturday and we sat near the patio.  Having french food on a sunny day near the patio made it the perfect day!  

We ordered the Salmon entree and the Seafood crepe, both plates were absolutely divine.  Perfect in flavor and portion.  We probably would have paid about $100 for both plates at any other location, but we paid way less than that.  I seriously wanted to have lunch there the following day, that's how good their food was. 

To drink we tried their mojito and their sangria. Sangria was a winner!! The mojito, not so much.  We also noticed that there was a "serve yourself bloody mary" station.  I thought that was pretty neat.  I am definitely making this a must dine restaurant when I visit Las Vegas.WOW, This place is amazing, especially at night with all the lights. Great for a date or with friends. You get a great view of Bellagio's water show. Man, talk about romantic. 

The service is great, maybe because my group had an awesome waiter... (apparently he DJs on the side)! Shout out to him if he reads this! So they provide a baguette to munch on while you wait for your food. The fries are great because they aren't your average fries. They are cut differently and lightly salted. MMMM good. 

I'd highly recommend the trout grenobloise. I am lactose intolerant so they customized it to my dietary restrictions. And it was still delicious!!! My friend had the pork tenderloin. Boy was it tender! Again, I'd recommend the trout and the fries. 

Surprisingly, this place is pretty affordable considering its smack dab on the strip. I'm a frugal person so to spend 19 bucks on dinner... I can't complain. Plus the portions are pretty generous. So this place does deserve the 5 stars. I hope to come back here soon or at least hope that they bring it out to San Diego!Love this restaurant....but don't offer a cassoulet and not include the amazing breadcrumb topping. That's what makes it cassoulet and not just duck with beans. So disappointing. I know that 90 percent of your patrons have never been to France. That no reason to cheat them out the true French experience of an authentique Cassoulet.My wife qnd I had the best dinner in Vegas for a reasonae price. Would return on a heartbeat.Simply wonderful! Best dirty martini I've ever had... Seated quickly... Delicious bread... flavorful meals... and fantastic service. -1 star for the confusing nature of the line at the entrance. Otherwise, this restaurant gets it right every time!!'Great food, great view, and they are Open Table friendly making reservations a breeze.  

The servers were extremely nice, knew the menu and gave great suggestions.  I ordered Stingray for the first time, and it was delicious! It has a surprisingly subtle taste, and the texture was so soft, it practically melted in my mouth.  Beautiful flavors soaked into the meat of the stingray, and accompanied my wine nicely.  It is served with garlic potato chips made from scratch.  Thin, crispy, and Delicious!  The prices are a little steep, but this is a great restaurant with great views of the Bellagio fountain show.  

If you're staying at Paris Hotel, this is the only place worth eating at if you're looking for good food nearby; none of that buffet quality stuff you find everywhere else inside this hotel.Been here on three occasions and always have enjoyed the ambiance and food.  The indoor dining can be pleasant and, if you're fortunate, you might even get views of the Bellagio fountains from inside.  The plus side of indoor dining is you can get a reservation. When the weather allows, the patio dining is the best but the wait can be long.

The food is quite good and certainly adequate for the venue, but what makes this place is the setting and views.  We have had many items including fish, burgers, and steak.  Service has always been pleasant, attentive, and unassuming.This place is absolutely delicious!!
I wanted to take my parents somewhere nice while we were on vacation and Mon Ami Gabi did not disappoint! Our entire dinner conversation consisted solely of mmmm's, omg's and "you have to try this!" I still think about the steaks and mashed potatoes! My mom was even impressed at how their salad was the best dressed salad she has ever had! This was a wonderful dining experience, and I will certainty return and recommend it to all!To quote my husband, we rarely repeat any places when we make our annual Vegas pilgrimage, but this is one of the few we do.  For the price, excellent.  Love everything - the baguette at the beginning through to the end of the meal.  We had the smoked salmon appetizer, very good.  Our steak frites were fantastic, and the waitress brought me a side of Bordelaise and Roquefort since I could not decide.  Service was excellent; bread pudding dessert oh so good.  We've also been for lunch and have sat outside to people watch ... just as good.  Highly recommend!Yelp says this is a casual attire restaurant, so we went in very casual. Totally felt under-dressed, but whatever. The only thing they disallow, if I remember correctly, are flip flops and sleeveless shirts for men (according to the sign posted up on the hostess' table in the front). I ordered the hanger steak, which was drenched in merlot butter. My boyfriend got the steak bordelaise with caramelized onions in a red wine sauce, and we got a side of green beans to share. I liked his steak more than mine, but everything was so dee-lish-us! I was very surprised how big the steaks were too. Both steaks were cooked perfectly and very tasty with the sauce. The plate also included a huge portion of frites. Prices aren't bad, given the portion size and quality (we spent about $65 after tip for 2 steaks and a side). Probably less expensive than the average nice steakhouse on the strip. Will definitely go back again next time I'm in town.I've really only had breakfast here but it's one of my favorite breakfast places in Vegas.  The eggs benedict and the latte bowl are phenomenal and the people watching on the Strip and view the Bellagio fountains is second to none.  Outdoor seating is first come first served and the one downside(and the reason it's not a full 5 star) is that they won't let you sit without your entire party...really?  Not even to have a cup of coffee while you are waiting.  We usually just have someone rotating through the waiting line to sit on the patio.  

MAG was really accommodating when I had a friend in town staying at Paris.  We bought some really bad coffee at one of the cafes and then asked MAG if we could sit and have a latte and croissant.  Great service even when we weren't ordering a full meal!I had Mon Ami on our list of restaurants to visit while in Vegas and fortunately we did get to squeeze in an early dinner here.  It has a prime location on the strip across from the beautiful Bellagio water show.  We sat inside yet had a great view.  Considering that the restaurant is very busy, we had good service. 
We began with the smoked salmon appetizer- served in the traditional  French style-very good. We accompanied our meal with a bottle of Meursault.  Our main courses were:
Gabi fried fish fillet with steak frites- so good and the fries were paper thin. 
Caramelized scallops with pea puree-this dish was really enjoyable. 
Dessert-our server highly recommended the white chocolate bread pudding- he was sooo right. 
I was pleasantly surprised to find a restaurant that offered good food, service and a beautiful view.  There is usually a trade off but not at Mon Ami Gabi.Went here for the Bloody Mary bar but the breakfast itself was delicious!! This is such a good choice for breakfast/brunch in Vegas that isn't a buffet.  I got the special of the day which was lemon crepes with blueberries and homemade whipped cream.  Will definitely be back here!Wow. This place deserves the stars it has. I had the french onion soup and the merlot steak and frites. Absolutely DIVINE. The french onion soup was just salty enough and just sweet enough from the onion, the bread in the soup was perfect and the cheese to die for.

The steak and frites were so good, perfectly done medium well like I asked. It's a beautiful cut of meat and perfectly seasoned.

I will be back and I'll be ordering the exact same thing I had last time. ;)Greeted promptly and seated. The ambience of the restaurant was cute. I think the patio seating would be a great choice when the weather is a little more pleasant. Enjoyed the strawberry brioche French toast, prefect touch of sweetness definitely not over bearing. Steak and eggs was tasty, this dish will fill you up.Came here for brunch Sunday morning! I've been here for dinner before and wasn't super blown away by the steak, but the brunch reviews looked promising so we decided to check it out.

Given that it was Sunday, I was worried about a wait, but our group of 4 got there around 11:30 and was able to get seated inside immediately. The brunch menu is very limited with only 5 items, but at least that meant we all made our decisions very quickly. 

I went with the corned beef hash and eggs ($14.90), as that's my go-to item at brunch, and the dish here did not disappoint! They were very generous with their portion of corned beef, and the potato hash that came with it was the perfect complement to the savory meat. The eggs were perfectly poached and I enjoyed using the oozing egg yolk as a sauce with the corned beef and hash. Yum! I thought it was interesting that the dish also comes with grilled tomatoes, since that's more of a British take on breakfast, but I certainly didn't mind!

My other friends ordered the eggs benedict and enjoyed that as well, so despite the limited brunch offering, we all walked away impressed with the quality of food here.

My only minor complaint is that I wish they came by more often to check up on us. It was 110+ degrees outside and I wanted to hydrate as much as I could during brunch before hitting up the pool, but it was annoying to constantly have to flag down someone for water, especially because the water glasses were so small.Service was excellent. Restaurant had a great environment. We were late for breakfast but the server said "no problem" and we were able to order off the breakfast menu. Food was brought out in a reasonable amount of time. Tasted really good! We especially enjoyed the bread. We left full and happy. Reasonably priced. Highly recommend.I'm gonna have to make my first yelp review on this place...

What can I say?!  I'm really impressed by the food and portions Mon Ami Gabi offers considering that it's a French restaurant with very reasonable prices.  I've been to Vegas 7 times since the time I've turned 21, and have only tried out this place out earlier this month, but thank goodness I've finally taken the time to try it out.  I'm gonna have to make it a point that from every Vegas trip on, I'm going to make every effort to come back here!

We had made a reservation via OpenTable for 8:15 and was slightly late, but they were accommodating and almost seated us immediately anyways.  Server was attentive, and had recommended us the Filet Mignon Merlot since it's the most popular so that was my dinner choice.  The other girls in our party had the Filet Mignon Au Poivre, Steak Bordelaise, and Chicken Grandmere, and we all shared the Whipped Cauliflower and Macaroni Gratin sides.

Filet Mignon Merlot and Filet Mignon Au Poivre were both on point!  Medium rare for the two of us and I could not get over how tender the meat was and how effortless it was to cut into it.  Both were served with Frites, which I obviously could not stop myself from also devouring considering how much I love potatoes/fries.  Haha.

Steak Bordelaise on the other hand wasn't as impressive... comparatively to the Filet Mignons, but not bad for it's meat cut.

Chicken Grandmere was also to die for.  I haven't had a chicken this good since Beatrice Inn in NY!!!  Seriously so tender and juicy, was not dry AT ALL.  Would be my second choice if I wasn't much of a steak eater.

Whipped Cauliflower was the first I've had of it's kind, and was super nomsy!  Was pretty much like mashed potatoes ... but more like super creamy mashed cauliflower.

Macaroni Gratin was also a meh... nothing spectacular to rave about.

But overall, I had a very pleasant time.  The decor and ambiance is quite romantic and perfect if you're looking to have a nice, classy dinner away from the rest of the crazy Vegas life.  I'd love to eat here again and try eating outdoors with the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!We went there for a business dinner, and was able to get a patio table for 8 around 9:30pm which is generally unheard of... fortunately one of our party got there early to hold it (they dont normally do resos for the patio). The view from the patio is incredible! While enjoying the las vegas ambience, the background is the bellagio fountain show!

The food is also very excellent quality. I had the filet mignon, which comes with frites (fries). Steak was cooked perfectly - and for appy, the chicken liver pate... which also was great. 

Only reason why i am giving it 4 stars instead of 5, is because the frites were not that great, and with the chicken liver pate, the ratio between pate and bread was not even (too much pate, not enough bread) - and eating pate by itself without a cracker or something isnt my thing. Overall - will come again anytime and everytime we have the chance!They have one of my favorite breakfast items here, the salmon eggs benedict on a croissant. I really liked it here. Salmon is a quality cut, the croissant is very good, perfect poached egg, and topped with lovely hollandaise sauce. One of the best that I've had.

They are pretty busy from the few times walking past, this may have the most reviews in Vegas. I wanted to go back for another breakfast trip. Maybe next time.The steak was really good and felt it was worth the price. The escargots was below average and I wouldn't recommend it. Our server was okay, the other table next to us had a  more jubilant server but thats alrite.  
The ambiance was nice.Excellent service, great wine selection! They give you a fresh French baguette and butter to start. The baked brie cheese with the garlic was savory and a great appetizer. I had the scallops served with brussel sprouts and a sweet potato purée. Highly recommend both dishes. My boyfriend had the 1/2 chicken with mashed potatoes. Simple yet cooked very well.

The outside patio area is sweet and romantic at night. You can watch the Bellagio water show while you enjoy dinner. Overall great place to eat in Vegas!Great bang for your buck!

MAG was already off to a great start before I was even there; I was able to make a reservation 20 min before I got there so I wouldn't have to wait during rush hour. 

My server was professional and efficient; she knew exactly when to come and exactly what I needed. The food came out so fast, I got my escargot appetizer within 5 minutes of ordering it. 

I had escargot to start. The dish was prepared classically and was delicious. My entree was the seared scallops. The scallops were perfectly seared but I personally didn't care for the celery purée. 

For French food I would say the food was very good. Not the best French food I've ever had, but well worth the price, location, and service. I would definitely go back.Came here for brunch with my friends and loved it. This restaurant is located on the strip and has outdoor seating! Everything is a bit pricier but it's worth it! Location and food and service is great! Loved dining hereThis is a great spot for Vegas breakfast, which occurs around Noon, maybe 1pm. Coffee and some booze, a reasonably priced steak, and some delicious baked cheese.

Always a standard for our Vegas tripsMust-go for brunch in Vegas.

Corned beef hash. Never really was a fan but this place was awesome!

Good service. Good company.

Good times.The plan was to have them for breakfast since we were told they were one of the best breakfast spots closest to The Cosmopolitan where we had been staying for the night. But after a night in Vegas, we started off a tad bit late and wound up giving Mon Ami Gabi a go for lunch. 

So, the drinking never stops in Vegas right? Okay, maybe those are words spoken by a borderline alcohol connoisseur, my group order a cask of Sangria, super yummy I might add and perfect pairing to the lunch that followed.

My order consisted of the Warm Chicken & Brie sandwich that comes with hand-cut frites. I absolutely love caramelized onions so that was the first thing about this sandwich entree that caught my eye and my taste buds. I had been leery of the idea of there also being green apple on it as well, but to my surprise it paired well (I am obviously not well versed in pairing of foods, but I sure do love to eat them when they jive and put a smile on my face and a flutter in my belly).

The service was excellent, our waiter always paid close attention to our table and was always right on queue when we were just about to pour our own refill of Sangria, quickly rushing over to take care of the small task for us. 

I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here, and hope to come back and visit them for breakfast next time I'm in town.I went with Robin L. so see her reviews for the Cons.  Like her, the waiter / food runner spilled water all over my place setting (pretty much the first thing that happened after we were seated) so everything within an arm's reach of me was wet.  But that aside, considering what I paid and what I got, I was definitely satisfied.  BF and I split the filet mignon with merlot butter reduction.. the steak also came with these crispy little steak fries that I didn't think I would like.. but they went really well with the sauce and the steak.  We also split some side dishes: french green beans and macaroni gratin.  Everything was really good.  Our steak was a little more cooked than what we asked for; we got medium-well instead of medium.  But it was still good.  And of course, the green beens were cooked perfectly and the macaroni gratin was absolutely yummy.  We also ordered a bottle of bordeaux which, unfortunately, the waiter forgot about until after our steaks had arrived.. but no serious damage was done :)

My total share of the bill came to $40 (that's including tip).  Not bad considering I had filet mignon, two sides, and a full glass of wine.  I'd definitely be willing to come back, especially on those trips to vegas when I can't afford to pay $80 at craftsteak ;)I decided to try Mon Ami Gabi after there was such high ratings from Yelp Reviewers. I can see why! 

First off I had their French Onion Soup, the cheese they use is absolutely fantastic. I don't know how to describe it, but the soup was delicious and the cheese just complemented it so well!

It was the second best onion soup I've ever had. The first was a place in 4 star restaurant in Mexico. 

I then had the croque madame which was nicely priced compared to other places in Las Vegas. It can be a little oily for those that are a little more health conscious. 

The only beef I had was that their Frites were really oily. I could literally feel the oil gush out from them and so I didn't eat a lot of them. 

The service was friendly, people were attentive and ensure that the experience went pleasantly. 

If given the chance, I would go back and eat there again.The best Hamburger I have ever had, right here! I go and do take out and bring it to my hotel pool it is so good.

Blue cheese, carmelized oninions, the Best!

I had dinner there as well and found it really good too, I just crave that hamburger whenever I go to Las Vegas and have to have it. My friend and his wife turned me on to this place and I have been indebted to them since. 

Go there for lunch and have one you wont be disappointed.Was pleasantly surprised to nab a last minute reservation for breakfast here on a Sunday morning. I understand the patio is the big draw for a lot of people, but on a 90+ degree morning we had a lovely time sitting inside in the AC instead. The inside has lovely decorations. Service was prompt and attentive. Bloody Marys were EXCELLENT and totally hit the spot. All three of us loved what we got: eggs florentine, ham and cheese omelette, and French toast. Special mention for the toast that came with my omelette-- rustic, crusty bread with whipped butter and home-made berry jam! It was perfection. And very reasonably priced for brunch in Vegas. Will definitely be back on our next visit.This review is based off of one lunch experience, but they earned every one of those five stars.  Our server was exceptional.  Quick to help out with anything and anticipate needs, knowledgeable about the menu, able to answer any question and make recommendations, and friendly on top of all of that.  One member of our party requested a gluten free menu (they are not allergic, but generally just avoid gluten) and almost immediately after, we were brought gluten free bread as well as the normal table baguette, which was not asked for, but the desire was anticipated.  They were willing to allow us to have an extra join when that person arrived earlier than expected, and were more than happy to hurry his food to help us make a show.

The food itself was delicious, the portion a great lunch size, not too big but enough to fill you and allow you to keep on going until dinner.  In our group we ordered a salad or two, a steak sandwich, and a variety of burgers.  Not one person had a complaint, and everyone walked away discussing how good their meal had been.Found Mon Ami through Yelp because we were looking for a nice place to dine without breaking ze bank (partying hard in Vegas gets pricey YA 'NAM SAYIN'??). This place seemed to fit the bill (ha ha get it?).

4 stars because we made reservations and got seated at a really nice spot on their patio. It was warm outside and we had an awesome view of the Bellagio water show.

3.5 stars for the food, which was just okay. Not bad for being a moderately priced sit-down place in a Vegas hotel on the strip.

French onion soup was way too sweet for my taste and a bit over-salted as well. It gave my mouth this unpleasant dried-out feeling afterwards. Portion size was quite good though.

Ratatouille was good but also a bit too salty.

Their fries were strange but good. They were extremely short and flat pieces of fried potato that were sliced so thinly that I couldn't taste the starchiness of the potato. I think my friend was shoveling big fork-fulls of those fries into his mouth at one point because the pieces were so tiny. Très addictive!

Service was a little spotty but I'm willing to overlook it because it seemed like our waitress had a lot of tables to take care of.Simply delicious. I had the Classique steak and a cocktail, both were absolutely delicious. I tasted some kind of soup (artichoke? asparagus? I can't remember...) from my friend and it was also delicious. The baguette they give you was crispy and chewy and also delicious. Everything was just delicious!

In the end I spent about $50 on my meal and was completely stuffed. This is the perfect place to come when you want to be pampered but not spend $100+ per person. Service was absolutely excellent and sitting in the patio on the strip was fun and surprisingly not gross and distracting as I thought it might be.In Vegas again and had to go back to Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast.   Love the fresh apple juice!!   This time,   I had the croissant breakfast sandwich and my friend had the lemon pancakes.   The portions are huge and the food is always great.    If you are in Vegas, this is a must try!   You will not be disappointed.I had the hanger steak, I had the scallops, and I had the onion soup. All very delicious! The scallops were mouth watering and very soft, the steak which I ordered medium rare was just perfect! The steak flavor was amazingly tasty. The union soup wasn't anything out of this world, I just ordered to see what the fuss was about, but I honestly didn't see it to be good nor bad. Overall though the food, staff, and our waiter was great. I was a Great experience.Went here for the first time with one of my best guy friends. We love trying food places we haven't been to, & heard about this place from multiple people especially my brother & his girlfriend. Their food was the perfect portion size, & it was my first time trying escargot, & the way they seasoned it was AMAZING! Our servers were fantastic. We were originally seated outside with the sun facing us, & it got too hot, so our server was able to switch us to more shaded table. The staff was very friendly & outgoing. 

I ordered the scallop, per recommendation of my waiter because I wasn't too sure yet. It was perfect. It just melted in my mouth & the plate representation was simple, but chic. The escargot was interesting, & they were smart to prepare it without the shell. We used the rest of the sauce for our bread. 

We also ended up ordering desserts, the caramel creme brûlée & the banana crepes. I love creme brûlée & theirs was just delicious. It wasn't too sweet, nor too bland, it had the perfect hint of caramel flavoring - so it didn't exactly taste like leche flan. 

The price for our meal was about a total of $150, 2 entrees, 1 appetizer, & 2 desserts & 2 glasses of wine. I thought it was going to cost more, but it was just enough for everything we ordered.This was the choice for my final breakfast in Las Vegas during a recent stay. I live in Chicago where the original is located but they don't serve breakfast there.

I got a mushroom and cheese omelet served with fried potatoes and toast. Boy, everything on the plate was great. The omelet was just right, not overcooked and oozing with melted brie. The toast was thick slices of hearty bread. And the potatoes were a nice accompaniment. 

Bottom line: Its convenient, right on the strip so you don't have to walk through a gargantuan hotel and casino to get to it. The service and ambiance are really nice. For breakfast, it's not as expensive as you would expect. Oh, and the food, it's great.

The experience of the dinner menu translates to breakfast. A solid five stars for breakfast.Delicious! Fresh hot bread, fancy french fries, Belagio water show... all in one! What more can you ask for?This place was phenomenal. Coming from me, for a French place, that's like receiving validation from Jerry Lewis.  The service was fantastic, the food was stupendous, and the views? Fugeddaboutit. If its a nice visit like when we visited the restaurant, call ahead, make a reservation, and ask for patio seating. The view of the Bellagio Fountain Shows and the entertainment that you get from the religious preacher calling you a sinner through a bullhorn was one of the highlights of the evening. Overall, great service, great food, reasonable prices and amazing views.Great breakfast!  They even offer a gluten free eggs Benedict.  Fairly priced for Vegas.  Make sure you get a reservation.Always a go to spot for me when visiting Vegas. Great food, drinks, service and a fabulous location. If you are lucky enough to get a seat on the outdoor patio overlooking the Bellagio's water show, you have really scored! I have never been disappointed.This is my 2nd time visiting Mon Ami Gabi and I absolutely love it!  One of the biggest reasons I am a huge fan is because of their "Gluten Free Menu".  Most establishments who are "Gluten Free" offer non gluten free patrons bread prior to their entre and usually no appetizers, so at other restaurants, I would just sit and watch the others in my party enjoy their bread and apps.  Here they offer Gluten Free bread YAY!!

My late spouse and I came here for Valentine's Day Dinner and everything from the food to the service was the most enjoyable experience.Extremely attentive wait staff made sure that all of our needs were taken care of. The food was terrific. The steak is much thinner than expected because (as it was explained to me) that is the way French steaks are prepared. Regardless, it was great. The side items were also extremely good: the Garlic Spinach is a must have.The food was very good. I had the skate wig and beet salad and i was very happy with both. The tables were a little to close for comfort.If you're looking to get breakfast on the Strip, I'd recommend this place.

While it's a little pricey (it is on the Strip after all), it's still cheaper getting breakfast here than a lot of comparable lunches nearby.

I recommend the blueberry French toast.  Delish!  The crepes with chicken, apple, and cheese were good, too, but not nearly as much as the French toast.We had the Onion soup, goat cheese, sea scallops, Trout Almondine and Fillet Mignon with Bearnaise sauce.  The Onion Soup is is definitely a must.  I always get the OS when I go here.  The Goat Cheese with Garlic Bread was a welcome treat.  It was unique and very flavorful.  The Fillet was very good and enhanced with the Bearnaise sauce.  The Sea Scallops were very tasty and cooked just right.  The Trout Almondine was surprising very good.  Not a bog trout fan but I tried it and really enjoyed it.  The service was perfect as we were well taken care of.  Had a couple of drinks which were very good.  The patio area is really nice and perfect for couples.  A great place to share with someone special...Wonderful place!

Only ate here twice, but thoroughly enjoyed both times with fantastic meals.

If you don't feel like paying $50 for steak, head over here for a decent cut of meat with delicious sauces, all for under $30. Hey, the hanger steak isn't exactly ribeye, but it definitely satisfied the craving without spending a shit load. 

Get Sunday brunch here. It ends at 3:45pm - NO KIDDING! Lol! Damn Vegas drunks! Naturally, we ate around 2pm. There were only a few brunch items and the rest as full lunch menu. I ordered the strawberry waffle and died. Ok, like the feeling when the food is so good, you want to die. Yes. One of the best waffles I've ever had - so light and fluffy, yet crispy on the outside. I'm a breakfast snob and LOVED IT. It comes with fresh strawberries, warm maple syrup, and some good ass whipped cream on the side. I WILL come back for this. 

Everyone is super friendly here. And the restaurant has one of the best spots on the strip! The patio is directly across from the Bellagio water fountains! It's worth the wait!

It isn't too upscale, which I love. It's casual enough to not worry about clothing. The food IS upscale though, but without the dodgy prices.Went to Vegas for my birthday weekend and this was one of many places we went in between the gambling. The service here was excellent, food quality was awesome.Perfect moment for me:
Sitting outdoors with a loved one, sharing wine, and eating a baked cheese. Watching the fountains and listening to the music of the Bellagio.
Great service and good prices. Must sit outside to enjoy this restaurant.Everything we ate was SO GOOD!! We had the chicken, the duck confit, and the salmon.  The duck confit was so soft, the salmon had a great texture and seasoning, and the chicken was amazing as well.  I came here for my bachelorette dinner, and they even sent over a big cream puff to help me celebrate, with a candle!  The ambiance is romantic, but the prices are very reasonable.  The portions are big.  I would definitely eat here again!I have so much to rave about and no decent pictures to upload. Unfortunately it's almost pitch black in here so nothing showed up well.

The bread is divine; I seriously would take boatloads and smuggle it home w me. It's warm, chewy and delish, ask for as much as you can.

Don't get too full because the food comes in large portions and is also delectable. We were going out and I was wearing a dress so I tried to keep it light- thanks to the bread this backfired quickly.

Oyster Butternut Squash soup: A deep fried breaded oyster accompanied a sizable bowl of this light creamy soup. The texture and consistency of the oyster held due to the light panko crust on the outside of the oyster itself, you could cut through it with a fork. The soup itself was creamy and the oyster flavor was extremely prominent. There were a couple of julienne bell peppers for consistency- lots going on. No joke this was one of the best soups I've ever had.

Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad with Poached Egg and Croutons: This was a great portion, the Frisee had crunch and the dressing was vinegary and light. Bacon was diced into small thick chunks, pair all this with a poached egg broken on top... yum.

(leave your knives at home
Stole a bite of Steak Brodelaise ): Which was a hanger steak (i think) with caramelized onion and a red wine reduction for the sauce. I thought this was phenomenal, the steak was so tender and the red wine reduction gave it a bite. He commented that it was TOO tender but I thought it was divine.

I also had a glass of the Mon Ami Gabi Pinot but didn't take to it too much, the coffee was great though!

I give this place 5 stars; next time I'm in Vegas I'll try the brunch w a cappuccino on the patio for sure!I came here Sunday night, my last night in Vegas. This was one of my "affordable" culinary trips and a good way to end my trip. 

The meal began with a warm baguette brought to the table in a paper bag. Soft and warm and very comforting. 

I ordered the cold pea soup as a starter. Small chunks of vegetables, creme fraiche, swimming in a pool of a bright green pool of soup. Simply delicious. 

I had the skate wing for my main dish. My biggest concern was if I'd spend the rest of the meal picking out bones between bites. Crispy and brown on top and a nice flaky interior without the bones, seasoned with salt. It sat in a purée of roasted cauliflower, which was creamy and almost had a potato-like quality.Came here for breakfast, was seated right away on their outside patio, with a really nice view of the strip and Bellagio. Had the English muffin with Nutella which was home made and delicious. Service was excellent! Will definitely come back here for breakfast again.i'm doing it. Going all out and saying FIVE STARS! Yup, the best of the best. I've been here 4 times already (1 breakfast, 1 lunch and 2 dinners). Every single meal was delicious. Every single experience was refreshingly authentic. It reminds me so much of a cafe in Paris. The staff is great and attentive. The food is fresh and tastes.....wonderful. Last night, we started with the warm brie and toast. It was just mouthwateringly fantastic. The carmelized garlic pieces were so good on the bread. Just wow. I believe there was a touch on honey too, so you get the sweet garlic, the warm brie, the crunchy bagette slice and a touch of honey...can you say YUM!
I had the stuffed vegetables for dinner which was great. The quinoa was tasty, the veggies were cooked perfectly and stuffed with love! We ended our dinner with the Sour Cream Ice Cream and Grand Marnier soaked strawberries. WOOOOOOW. I'm going to say it again, WOOOOOOW. That was so refreshingly. Tart and sweet, cold and tasty, just a lovely blend of flavors. On top of all this fantasticness, I was there with my girl Molly T! We had an awesome time peopel watching, having some laughs, and eating great food. I highly HIGHLY recommend this place.Pros: We came midday for lunch and it was busy, but patio seating was still plenty available and we were seated promptly. I highly recommend a patio seat as your view will be of the Bellagio Fountains across the street. Staff was polite, friendly, and made great recommendations. 

Above all of this, the food was amazing! I had the chicken Brie sandwich and my husband had the lunch special seared tuna steak. Tuna steak was cooked to perfection and the sandwich described by the waiter as "unique" was uniquely bursting with favor. 

Cons: Nothing. We loved our experience here. We highly recommendPretty cool little joint. My first time at a French restaurant (in the past, I've avoided them like the plague). My partner ordered soup and salad, and he enjoyed it. I had the night's fish special and a goat cheese dish. All of the food was very good. They provided us with an endless supply of bread, which was nice.

The real reason to come here is the view. You can't beat the fountains at night time (just make sure you're close to a heater, if it's cold).This was our first meal after landing in Vegas.  We had a 7:10 am flight, got up stupid early, parked, battled the sleepy crowds at SFO, got on a flight full of cranky flight attendants who insisted that we sat where we were ticketed (despite an empty row in front and behind our packed, 3 seated row).  Arrived in Vegas all sleepy-eyed, throbbing headache, and slightly confused.

After wandering down the Strip in the rain, in the cold, I realized we were close to this place, and I convinced the fiance that we needed to eat here.  I made a reservation on my phone using Opentable (yay for having a less-dumb phone now), and we trekked it over here.

I am so glad that most of the restaurants in the casinos understand that cigarette smoke + fine dinning = PIECE OF POOP, in experience, taste, texture, and consistency.  That is why this place has one door that opens into the casino, it's small, and lets in as little cigarette smoke as possible.

The first meal here was a croque madame, chicken liver pate, and quiche lorraine.  Reading the reviews on yelp, I was expecting European portions.  It was not.  It was full on Middle America portions.  

My Croque Madame had a fried egg on top of two thick slices of smooth white bread, topped with at least 6 slices of salty, flavorful ham, and caressed with cheese.  The fried egg was delicious.  As I cut into the runny yolk, the golden butter-like consistency flowed over the already scrumptious ham and cheese and bread stack and encased the whole thing in a PUT-ME-IN-YOUR-MOUTH, stop thinking and just chew!

The Fiance's quiche was home made.  The crust was light.  The filling had identifiable chunks of onion, ham, and whatever else is suppose to go in there.  The fries were kind of poo though.  Too thin, like shoe laces.  Wide, but thin.  It was like eating chips.  

The second meal was the filet mignon.....but I'll save that for my follow up review because I gotta shower and get to work now.French, steak is good. I like here beacuse it face to the Fountains of Bellagio. If you want see it, you should choose a outside seat. watch the fountain show and music. service is good.Restaurant Located inside of Paris Hotel , the staff is amazing really nice and go above and beyond, the food is exquisit and the view is beautiful , you don's need to make reservations if you are seating at the patio where you have a lovely view of the fountains at the Bellagio, perfect place to go on a date (worth the wait for the patio)The bread is amazing. The burger outstanding. Very classy with excellent service and attitude. And the view, you feel like your in Europe!A wonderful experience after last nights horrendous ordeal at Wolfgang and puck in the MGM. Be warned, it is very busy! So come early if you're a walk-in because you'll probably have a wait! But it is well worth the wait! The staff were so friendly and attentive, our water glasses were constantly full. The outdoor seating is fab, with a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains. We didn't get starters but the choices looked delicious. I had the scallops with ratatouille, unbelievable! My mom had gabi's fish and frites which I tasted, it was also really good. My dad and brother had steaks which they said were really tasty and cooked as ordered. Regarding desserts, I tasted the sorbet, profiteroles and berry crumble. The first two were great, however I wouldn't recommend the crumble. Maybe it was just the one we got but it tasted like it had been near something in the fridge which had given it a funny taste.. The coffee was great as was the wine! Overall it was a great experience, i will definitely return on my next visit to Vegas!Absolutely wonderful every time I stop in. I always leave with a smile on my face. Excellent service, food, and environment.What great friends I have..... We ate at Mon Ami Gabi translation (My friend Gabi) last Sat. night.  It was awesome!  It is located in the (wait for it..... Paris Hotel).  What more can a grl who loves Paris ask for?  Me and my 6 grl friends had a delicious array of cocktails, appetizers, and entrees that would make any American say Oh La La!  C'est Bon N'est Pas?  I had the Dijon crusted salmon and I couldn't stop eating once I got full. I had to beg the waiter to take my plate.  To top it off we got a round of creme brulee and chocolate mousse (Ma favorite!).  Sa delicieux!  The atmosphere on in the cafe and the outside terrace was spectacular.... Especially when you have a front seat row to the Bellagio light show.  Sa Magnifique!  Je serai retourner bientot!I've eaten here for many years... it never disappoints! Tonight, dining solo on the patio, my server never rushed me out. Which, by the way, makes me stay and spend more. This is one of my favorite places to frequent! Great food, great views, and great service. 100% I'll be back for 103rd time! 

Recommend: 1) patio/ get there to put name in 2) the scallops, 3) filet with merlot sauce and pommels frites! All excellent for the cost!!! 

Lastly, there is a new bus stop so when seated outside, where you want to be, ask to be seated center or to right of Bellagio- facing Caesars.Amazing! Fresh bread and they keep it coming. Food was amazing. Waited for the seat outside and well worth the wait. Front row to the Belagio water show and watching all the weird people walking by. A must eat if your in the area, but have a little time to wait. You won't be disappointed.This place was pretty exceptional on the food and atmosphere front.  It's a simple yet very elegant restaurant, which seems suitable for afternoon casual lunch or fancy business meetings or dates.  The menu had a variety of options from light salads and oysters, to fancy sandwiches, to meat hefty meals.  I ordered the tomato and basil salad.  The waitress said it was a pretty decent size and tasty.  It was indeed tasty, but not substantial in size.  I was thankful I ordered chicken with it because it is not enough on it's own (for most people).  It was very fresh and lightly seasoned with oil.  
I sneaked bites from the plates of those around me....the yellowfin was delish and the goat cheese and smoked salmon sandwich is probably the best thing one could order from the lunch menu!  The combined flavor of the bread, cheese, salmon and toppings was one of the most decadent things I've eaten in awhile!  
So why 4 stars and not 5?  The service was lacking.  It's vegas...I expect above average.  Service was average from all the staff I encountered and no one seemed very personable.  Just kind of made me feel awkward.  Oh well, good eats - try it!Great meal,  eventually. The moules ( mussels) had to go back as they were cold.
Wine was excellent and the waiter has us try  4 before we decided.  He compt  my meal because  of the delay getting a replacement dish which was superb.
Really good coffee. We had show tickets so they hurried for us. Or we would have stayed for desert.
Make reservations or be prepared to wait. Although waiting in the bar is not a hardship!We came here in the morning and we really enjoyed ourselves. There was ample seating, so we seated promptly upon arrival. Our waitress was really sweet and the rest of the waitstaff was super attentive too (water was full, staff was always available, etc.). Great service! 

Eggs Florentine - Delicious! I was a big fan of the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. Also, the hash browns' crispiness hit the spot!

Corned Beef Hash & Poached Eggs - Same yummy poached eggs but with tasty corned beef to accompany the dish. This order came with toast as well as the golden hash browns.

Overall, we had an awesome experience! Relatively speaking, the prices were totally affordable for a restaurant on the strip. I would highly recommend this spot for a chill place to grub for breakfast!Ate here twice while I was in Vegas for a wedding. All of the food I had was absolutely fantastic. I had a chance to sample the filet, salmon and lentils, chicken, chocolate mousse, creme brulee, many bottles of wine, espresso, Ham and cheese crepes, smoked salmon breakfast. Everything was fantastic. I highly recommend this place!TIP: Make a reservation on OpenTable to avoid a long wait!  Just note that your reservation will NOT apply to patio seating, but you can just cross the street after dinner to watch the Bellagio fountains.

My sister raved about this place, so we had to try it out.  She wasn't wrong - Mon Ami Gabi is exceptionally well-priced for the strip and the quality of the food.  The complimentary French bread was addictive and our steaks and wine were fantastic.  The tables are a bit close to each other (especially when there is an obnoxious group of 16 seated next to you), but the service was excellent and attentive.  Highly recommended!Having just eaten some amazing food in Paris (the real Paris), I was curious to see how a French restaurant in Vegas would compare! My friend and I were kind of disappointed we didn't get a seat on their coveted patio or one of their bright open rooms, but we did get seated within 5 minutes in their dining area by the entrance. The hostesses weren't super friendly, but our waiter was very charismatic and welcoming. 

It was a Sunday at 1pm and to our delight they were still serving brunch! We ordered the Fruit Bouquet to share because it sounded delightful, I got the beef bourguignon eggs Benedict special of the day, and my friend got the regular eggs Benedict with ham. 

They give you a full baguette just to munch on while you wait. We thought it was a bit odd that it doesn't come cut... and they don't give you a knife to cut it either. It was warm and yummy though. 

My eggs Benedict was solid! The beef bourguignon made it super filling. They come with roasted tomatoes on the side. 

The fruit Bouquet was beautiful as expected! It comes with pineapples, papaya, and grapes in a cantaloupe with some yogurt to dip. The only downside was that the cantaloupe was a little difficult to carve/cut! 

Definitely recommend!What a great spot to have lunch! Right on the strip. Right across the Bellagio. Right at noon on a Saturday. = Water show for lunch.

Service is just excellent!!! Food is excellent!!!

I had the BLT with avocado and it was yummO! 
Hubby had the waffle and it was good! Crunchy, not too much batter. Fruits were fresh. 

They were great with kids too. They offered crayons and kept saying hi to my kid.

So coming back here next time I come to Sin City.Since my travel companion and I were the only people dysfunctional enough to be wide awake (and starving) at 7am on the Las Vegas Strip, we decided to take advantage of the situation and have a power-breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi -- a spot that's notorious for endless lines and waits for those foolish enough to show up without a reservation.

My instinct was right:  At 7am on Saturday morning, the restaurant was empty, and the two of us had our choice of tables with no need for reservations or waiting.  It also helped that the morning was glorious -- 70F, a gentle breeze, and perfect for leisurely meal on Mon Ami Gabi's sprawling patio, right on the Strip and across from Lake Bellagio.  (Sadly, the fountain show isn't running at 7am, but there's always abundant people-watching.)

I'm not a caffeine person, but mornings in Vegas require it.  A pot of black tea for me and endless refills of black coffee for my guest were just what the doctor ordered.

The portions at Mon Ami Gabi are behemoth, so we knew that one small plate and one regular plate would be more than enough food.  We started with the fruit salad with brown sugar and yogurt, which was simple but fresh and tasty.  We also shared the turkey and egg white omelet, which is served with toast (+ butter and jam), hash brown, cherry tomatoes, and avocado.  The omelet was certainly pretty to look at, but a bit bland.  It needed pepper, or hot sauce, or something to give it a little kick.

The real winner, surprisingly, was the hash brown.  I don't think I've ever had one so crispy and flavorful.  I say this as someone who normally shies away from heavy, carb-laden breakfasts.

Service at Mon Ami Gabi is....typical Vegas.  Stiff and not especially friendly.  I don't  expect much else at a restaurant that probably gets zero regulars.

That said, I think I know exactly where I'm headed next time I need a tasty, healthy, and relatively affordable breakfast on the Strip!  =)Can't say enough about this place! Food was great, service was awesome, and price was perfect... You actually get more than what you paid for.  My daughter had the grilled cheese... Came w green beans, fruit (instead of fries as requested) and apples all for $5! And gourmet :)

I had the burger which was really good, juicy and tasty, my husband had an open face sandwich that came w crisscut chips?! We were seated almost outside so it was still cool from air conditioner but also had the view of the Bellagio fountains.  

I wanted to go here again in our two day stay but had a lot of places on our list to visit.  Definitely coming back next time!Love this place! I always enjoy dining here. Food is great. Service is great. View is amazing!Crowded but that is to be expected when you are on the strip. My boss took us here for dinner, the food was delicious and I would definitely go back. One of the best steaks I have had at a restaurant in a while.We made a reservation on OpenTable which is only for inside seating, but when we got to our seat we were pleasantly surprised that it was directly in front of the Bellagio fountains and barely inside the restaurant, so it was a perfect table. We really like this restaurant - from the crusty bread to the onion soup to the steak frites, Mon Ami Gabi is always a nice (and delicious!) experience. If you look at the menu and see something you like, you owe it to yourself to dine here.My second dinner here. 

Made a rez for 5:45p for three. Got there about 15 min. early, and requested a table on the patio. No Problem!! 

Keep in mind, it was a Wednesday night, not sure how quickly that would work on a Saturday. 

I love the atmosphere here. Lots of people to watch, the fountains across the street, and most importantly, great service. 

Started w/a glass of wine. We shared the warm cheese and tomato appetizer. Delicious!! They did have to bring us more bread, to completely devour this dish. 

I had the fish and chips. Chips are very crisp and salty...MMMmmm. Hubby had the scallops. I had a taste, and they were perfectly cooked. My son had the chicken Cesar salad, since I insisted he not order a cheeseburger. He liked it as well.Love this place. Went here 3 years in a row for my birthday. Free parking at Paris garage. I always get the Filet Mignon.Awesome food along the strip.   The atmosphere is loud and the lighting is dark but we didn't mind.Probably my favorite breakfast restaurant on the strip. Their Gabi Bloody Mary is very good; however the blood orange mimosa is my favorite. French food at its finest with a wonderful view of Bellagio. Oh, the food is amazing - crepes, smoked salmon, carmelized apple waffles, amazing omelettes and eggs Benedict. Make reservations if you want to sit in the pavilion area or on the patio.This place is great for big groups. I had a party of 9 and organized a pre-fixed menu. They were very accommodating and fast with our food. Everything was fresh and warm, and the service was great!I absolutely love this place and recommend to anyone who is looking for a nice inexpensive restaurant with an incredible experience. If you are going to dine here I recommend sitting in the pavilion room, it's a room with floor to ceiling windows that has a view of the Bellagio waters and the gorgeous city center. If you don't mind the heat, the patio experience is also nice, you have front row seating to the Bellagio waters plus you are right on Las Vegas Blvd. We went for dinner at 9pm on Saturday and were seated immediately. I requested the pavilion room and the night was perfect. We had a great view and a nice cool breeze coming thru the open windows. We ordered baked goat cheese with a tomato sauce for an appetizer that was delicious, they give you a garlic baguette to dip and it tasted fabulous. For our entrees I ordered Filet Mignon with merlot butter and their classique frites. My other half ordered the Filet Mignon with crème fraiche. Our steaks were cooked perfectly and the meat was so tender. Every single bite melted in my mouth and I could not get over how inexpensive everything was. The most expensive entrée on the menu is $37, which is surprising for a restaurant on the strip with such a killer view. The only critique I have is they served me a warm Stella but besides that, the service, food and atmosphere guarantees me coming back!!This is going to be one of my favorite brunch places to go to. I highly recommend making reservations. 

We ordered the escargot which is one of the best I've ever tasted. I used the complimentary bread that was given to dip it in the juices. 

The warmed cheese with mushrooms is also a great appetizer  

Corned beef has with a perfectly poached egg and the traditional eggs Benedict to complete our brunch. So yummy. 

The only thing I didn't really care for was the frangria.4 stars for breakfast.  Had mushroom & Brie omelet and blueberry waffle. First of all, outdoor seating is awesome w the view of Bellagio fountain and for people watching. Friendly service, good coffee, fluffy omelet, and crispy light waffle w plenty of blueberry w sweet airy whip cream- one of the best waffles ever!  
FYI, on weekdays breakfast is only served till 11am.I went here with a large party of 20 for my bf's birthday dinner! I hadn't eaten here before but one of my friends did and vouched for the french onion soup. If you can't get anything else here - GET THE SOUP. It's so deliciously yum. The enormous amount of cheese on the top, the bread inside (although I though it was a little too much) and then the perfect amount of onion taste. 

I also ended up getting the:
+ Salmon Tartare: Hm it's quite small and comes with a side of chips. It's like a mini poke bowl with avacado chunks in it. It tasted good but I wouldn't get it again.Bon Appetit, Mon Cheri!  If you're looking for good French food in Las Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is definitely a yummy option. The bistro is charming and their dim lighting added to the intimate setting. Though still pricey, it was fairly reasonable compared to other restaurants on The Strip. Mon Ami Gabi is more well known for their brunch menu, but our dinner experience was just right for a girl's night out in Sin City!

Here's a breakdown of my food experience:

--Housemade Country Pate ($11.95): It didn't quite meet my expectations, but it was still a tasty effort! Unfortunately, the pate was not very soft or smooth.  Resembling more like the texture of ham, the pate was hard to spread on a piece of warm baguette.

--Escargot with Herb Butter ($14.95): The snails were tasty and tender.  However, there was a little too much herb butter for my personal preference.

--Carmelized Sea Scallops w/ butternut squash & brussel sprouts ($25.95): Perfectly cooked scallops - Yummers! The brussel sprouts were nicely charred, with a slightly sweet maple flavor. Though I prefer savory sides, it was still a delicious dish! 

Tip of the day: Make reservations ahead of time via Open Table/ Yelp, even if it's the same day.  That's what we did, and it was nice not to wait long to be seated.Great prices for Vegas that also delivers tasty food. I recommend coming for breakfast since that was the best price for their meals. Their dinners are also great when you've been gambling for a while and are a little intoxicated. I like the steaks, the prices are around 30ish and there are multiple sauces and styles to try on them. If you want to be semi fancy and have a good meal, this is your place.Good food, great service, fun atmosphere. 

The mussels melt in your mouth. Order extra bread to soak up the delicious wine sauce!  On the specials menu, the Alaskan char was described as somewhere between salmon and trout. Luckily I love both.  It had the flavor of a mild lean salmon filet but the texture of buttery trout.  Served over a potato leek puree, it was delightful.  The portion was enough for two people, but I managed to finish it all.  The garlic spinach was nothing to write home (or here) about.  Sadly, no room for dessert.  The waiter had perfect timing, and was unhurried, friendly, gracious, and helpful.

Sitting on the patio, the fountains across the street provided spectacular visuals.  In between the choreographed water art, people-watching took center stage.

My only criticism was the hostesses were a little snotty and the bar service was a bit disorganized.  Arrived about 15 minutes late and they acted very irritated and wouldn't promise seating.  Waited another 15 minutes to get the bartender's attention.  Finally, the restrooms on the casino floor (there were none in the restaurant) were trashed with broken fixtures, paper and garbage everywhere, and a long line.  

Regardless, I would go back in a heartbeat.
Bon appetit!Wonderful service and excellent food choices - even during breakfast.  Steak Frites at 9AM on a Tuesday with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio?  YES, please.Consistent winner and top choice for me on any Vegas visit. 

Mon Ami Gabi does a French affair well. The service is non-pretentious and inviting. The decor is bistro-like and warm. The view from the patio seating is premium if the Storm Trooper isn't too intrusive from the sidewalk. The food is tastefully done and consistently good. 

This place certainly has a winning combination.As others say, this is really at the top tier of breakfasts in Vegas.  On every weekend trip, it is my Saturday morning treat (as Sundays are now reserved for the Bottomless Mimosa Brunch at Border Grill in Mandalay).  

This French Bistro packs a combo falcon punch of awesome!  Between the outdoor deck (with heat lamps, so it can be enjoyed year round) that allows for fountain and people watching, the impeccable service, and... did I mention the food?  This place will slow you down and MAKE you feel like you're ON Vacation, which is so important in this fast paced world, right?

Whenever I go here, I opt for decadence, so my usual breakfast rundown is:
Mocha
Kir Royale
Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict (Isn't it weird that you can get better smoked salmon in Vegas than most places where I live in the Pacific Northwest?)
and I finish it off with their Orange Chocolate Chip muffin... one of the most decadent desserts (but they call it a breakfast pastry), I think I've ever tried.  HUGE hunks of chocolate, with an orange glaze, on a soft cakey dough.  It's amazing.

There aren't really any cons I'd give this place other than: 
Be aware that their breakfast ends at 11, which is earlier than some Vegas spots.  Lunch is still great, but sometimes after a hard party night in Vegas, you just need some Breakfast.

Additionally, note that there are also locations in the following cities: 
-Chicago IL
-Oak Brook IL
-Reston, VA
-Bethesda, MD

If you are local to one of those areas, you may want to try something else when Vegas bound (but then again the deckside view may just be worth it even if you already eat a Mon Ami Gabi Brunch regularly).

It's really an excellent experience.All in all ... Not too shabby!  French...... Maybe "Vancouver French" but definitely not "Avenue des Champs-Elysees French".  Stick with the steaks and or vegetable pot and you should be fine.  The pomme frites are the star of this show!  Delicate and almost wafer thin they combine a touch of chewy with a crispy crunch of salty goodness... Leave the spicy ketchup behind ... They do fine all by their lonesome!
Prices aren't too god awful like the rest of the strip... My suggestion is keep it simple.
Service is pretty good though its a tad slow on weekends with the Bellagio Fountain show attracting a huge crowd who hope to dine and watch the show.I am a Las Vegas local, and this is personally one of my favorite places for any meal of the day, especially if you get a table on the outside patio! It is directly across the street from the Bellagio fountains, which is such an amazing bonus to get to see while you eat. I've also always had amazing service ever time I go there. The last time I went Kate and Jose provided my boyfriend and I with exceptional service! We had the seafood platter and the lamb, and the lamb was absolutely out of this world! I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi for an enjoyable and memorable Las Vegas Dining experience!Had a solid great meal here. The BLT Salad was amazing with butter or Bibb lettuce, bacon (of course), roasted cherry tomatoes and an amazing vinaigrette with blue cheese. Service was awesome. The cocktail was the Mule that they offered and didn't disappoint. I will recommend to all who want to visit Paris at a cheaper way than actually going to France.The food was delicious and the bread is dangerously addicting! We started with the baked goat cheese and I ended up having the macaroni gratin. Loved it!We got seated pretty quickly for a sat brunch time. Ordered the quiche,  was really filling and delicious. They give you unlimited bread and butter throughout your meal. Was fairly priced $11-30. Try the French toast!I went on a Sunday evening and sat outside with my girlfriend for my birthday. What a view! Right on the Strip across from Bellagio's fountains and next to but safe from all the Strip activity. The appetizer with goat cheese was decadent and just the best! They had 3 different Pinot Noir wine to choose from and let me taste each one to choose. So I loved the wine, the food and the ambiance. Will definitely be going back. But I recommend Sunday evenings if you want to sit outside without waiting 3 hours lol.Using Yelp, we chose Mon Ami based on the ratings/price. I cannot even put into words what an amazing meal and experience we had. They knew that we had just been married in Vegas 48 hours before and treated us like VIPs. Definitely not required but was so nice.
We had champagne and dessert on the house but ordered the onion soup, steak with bleu cheese and the seafood platter to share. Nothing short of amazing. The ambiance makes you truly feel like you're in France- staring at the Bellagio fountains was the icing on the cake. 
Definitely make a reservation as it is QUITE popular.
Worth every penny.i love this place! i dont eat much meat/steak these days but when i would while in vegas, this place hits the spot!  make reservations and try to sit outside to see the water shows at bellagio! foiegras' - need i say more?Hostess situation was bad.  Snotty young girls telling everyone they were sooo busy the wait would be forever.  We had reservations but were shuffled off into another line and told they didn't know when we would get seated.  We suffered the indignity of the hostess and were glad we did.  The waiter was very good and the food was amazing.   The restaurant  was steadily busy and the wait staff was handling it very well.  The view was good but if you get the opportunity to sit on the patio it would be awesome!  Not a place for quite conversation since it is fairly noisy but again the food and service was great.  Get the hostess situation under control and they would have a solid 5 stars.Fantastic breakfast! I ordered the eggs, hash browns, and sausage plate. The eggs were cooked perfectly, the sausage was tasty, and the hash browns were great as well. They had one of the best mimosas I've ever had and the service was excellent. My boyfriend ordered the steak and eggs with the Nutella waffles. The steak was cooked and seasoned so perfectly, it was one of our favorite steaks to date. The waffles tasted very homemade and with the Nutella and whipped cream, it was like a dessert ending to a great meal. Love this place!Molly was our server. Extremely friendly, knowledgable and attentive. Food was amazing, particularly the Baked Goat cheese, escargot, Chicken liver pâté and Top sirloin steak with brandy peppercorn sauce. A must in VegasI went to Las Vegas to celebrate a girlfriend's birthday, and it was a very memorable experience.  After putting a request in for the patio at 8:15PM, we were seated by 8:45 -- on a Saturday night!  We had everything from appetizers, a bottle of wine, entrees, two desserts and coffee all around.  For five people it came out to a total of $314 with tip.  Not bad considering we got to sit outside on the patio and enjoyed the Bellagio hotel fountain show.  I had the Fillet Mignon with Merlot butter, but made the mistake of switching out the frites for mashed potatoes, which wasn't very flavorful.  I wish our waiter had told us that they are known for their frites!  We did experience one pissy server but all in all it was a great experience and will go back again.  At one point I found myself getting caught up in the moment and almost forgot I was in Las Vegas.  I was soaking in the ambiance, people walking on the sidewalk in front of us, and the beautiful music and water show from across the street, when a truck drove by pulling a picture of a half naked lady for some nudey show.  Ahh Vegas -- you gotta love it.Note: Get a Mojito Maison that will butter you up in true French fashion with St. Germain, 10 Cane rum, and champagne because...

...it's either a hit or miss here.  I've been to Mon Ami a few times, and have had a range of experiences, anything ranging from 1 star to 5 stars, it's probably an average of 3.5 stars.

Pros: rich duck liver moose, flavorful apple tart tatin, crispy hand-cut frites, terrace strip-view dining in the spring time facing the Bellagio fountains, pavilion seating facing the Bellagio fountains, potential attentive waiter, potential sweet hostess.

Cons: mediocre steak au poivre, tourist crowds, pesky pagers, small bar with none-existent standing room, poor wine choices, potential rude hostess.Came here based on the reviews and because it is right across from Bellagio. We arrived around 5:30pm, so no wait and was able to sit outside to enjoy the view of tourists and water show (kind hard to see). I ordered a scallop dish and a side order of green beans. My husband got a steak with fries and side order or asparagus. He ordered med cooked, but it was more like well done. Overall, we both finished our food and enjoyed the experience there. =) Price was reasonable as it is vegas!Me and my family ate dinner here for Christmas, something new for us. Of course it was packed because of the holiday but we still enjoyed ourselves. We sat outside on the heated patio and watched the Bellagio water show as we ate. I had the filet mignon merlot and it was perfect, no complaints. Strongly suggest visiting this restaurant if you like a good steak, I'll definitely be back!*Solid place, steak frites variety is great (many different ways to get it done) and the oysters were BC (which is awesome as we all know)
*Spot on service and they make a MEAN martini
*reasonable pricesFood & service is excellent.  Good place for appetizers & drinks.This place is pretty awesome! Great outdoor seating with great views of the Bellagio water show.  

I've been here for lunch and dinner.  The bread they serve you is warm and good.

For lunch, tried the Sea scallops gratinees appetizer and this was soo awesome!! I could've ate the whole dish to myself.  Tender sea scallops filled with tons of carmelized onions and the sauce complemented it soo well! I love the scallops that were more well done with a lil burnt cheese covered on top... YUM!!

Also tried the cheeseburger with brie, which was similar to any other burger.  The fries here were french style and super thin.  Not my thing since the'yre wayy too oily.

The chicken and gruyere crepes were good.  The frisee salad it comes with is tiny though.  The dough is heavy, so I just ended up eating all the chicken inside, which was pretty tender.

Frangria is just like sangria... nothing new here.

For dinner, the salmon & spinach salad was good.  Decent salmon fillet.  Orange and grapefruit pieces went well with the salad.

The french style steaks were awesome!! Large portion cooked to order! 
The steak bordelaise with onions and red wine sauce was soo good! The steak bearnaise was the same!  However, I wasn't as fond of this sauce.  

Overall, the food is great!  Service was on and off.  The atmosphere was very nice, and the scenery was one of the best....  Watching the bellagio water shows in a french inspired atmosphere, what more can u ask for!! :Dhubby and i went for the 2nd time for an end of summer just us date .we ate on the patio as always we love to ppl,watch we sat back it an awsome corner in the shade with a great view.our waiter was very knowledgeable and happy to answer our questions the food was delicious. .we will be backExcellent food. Great prices. Amazing atmosphere.  There is literally no element on which this café does not deliver. Both French and American food, both casual and fine dining options.  The best fries or "frites" anywhere.  Both indoor and outdoor seating with a great view of the strip or the Bellagio fountains directly across the street. Try it, you won't regret it.I was impressed by the service here. Staff are observant, even those not serving you directly, and offer nice things like hanging up your coat, and touching up your to-go coffee before leaving.

I ate breakfast here and our server was willing to accommodate our substitution request. We had the oatmeal, scrambled eggs and bacon, and fresh fruit. I would avoid the fresh fruit as it's a lot of melon, kind of like a continental breakfast fresh fruit.

The oatmeal is steel cut and well made. We asked them to put apples and bananas in the oatmeal. All in all, I'd like to come here when I'm not watching what I eat and order their crepes or waffles or some other dish that is more French inspired than oats.

I would definitely come back and given them another shot. Beautiful patio seating and is wonderful on a comfortable day. Come here around 7/8am before the crowds. Much quieter and enjoyable this way.Picturesque little cafe that gives you great views of the Bellagio fountains if you are sitting outside.  I had quite possibly the most elegant corned beef hash I've ever had.  Coming from a childhood of eating the canned, Hormel bits o'beef and potato, this dish was quite remarkable.  There was a nicely seasoned, tender corned beef brisket on the bottom of the dish, with 2 perfectly poached eggs on top.  A crispy plate of hash browns was served on the side, and it also came with some fresh baguette-style toast.  It tasted quite good, however, the menu stated that it should have come with roasted red pepper.  After searching on my plate, I found the tiniest sliver of red pepper on the dish.  They are really cutting corners here (jk)!

Coffee was refilled promptly, as was water.  One thing to note is even though they are part of the Paris casino, they aren't actually owned by Harrah's, so you cannot get any Total Rewards discounts, nor pay for your meal in Total Rewards points.Gazillions have yelped about MAG. Yet in this business you are only as good as your last plate served. So the road to 5 stars or hell is one plate at a time. Our party of four dined Sunday evening. Our table was in the atrium looking out at the marathon, the water show across the street and the outdoor diners, where it was cold, but with those tall heaters. The selections we made ran the gamut from oysters to steak, crab to onion soup,  banana crepes, for dessert. All dinners were top rate. The steak, I was told, was better than Ramsey's but for half the price. Our waiter, Anthony was excellent. Price reasonable. Service superb. Food outstanding. Now, if you can deliver value for money, you too could have a gazillion yelpers yelping.We called ahead and made reservations for our party of 12. They required a credit card to reserve our spot, which I understand because it was pretty busy for the holidays and its important that patrons keep their reservations.

Our waitress was a bit flustered at the beginning of our meal because she had another large group she was attending to, and that party was a bit demanding as far as their requests. Once they left, our waitress was more relaxed and helpful and we enjoyed a lovely meal with our friends.

We tried a sampling of menu items including the famous French Onion soup, salmon salad, Steak Frites, and several dessert items that we shared and everything was really spectacular on both taste and satisfying our appetites.

I will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas.Surprised this place was so good.

Service:
Nothing to complain about. My friend's brother proposed to his girlfriend here & our waitress brought them complimentary champagne. 

Food:
Pretty good! The Seafood Platter (shared it with a friend) was quite delectable. It came with a whole lobster, 4 oysters, 4 jumbo shrimps, a small side of seaweed salad, tuna tartare, Parmesan (? maybe garlic?) crisps, & 3 dipping sauces. 

Everything on that platter was really good. I ate some of my friend's green beans from her Filet Mignon plate & the sauce was really good. 

Their desserts are amazing. Pretty good Crème Brûlée!

Prices:
Main courses were reasonably priced, however, some items were a little pricey. 

Environment:
It's really cute, French, & romantic! 

Would definitely recommend this place if you're going to stay at Paris or if you want French food.Great place to have lunch!!!!!
Perfect location: right across from Billagio, very tasty food, great wine, good service. 
I ordered salmon salad with walnuts, dried cranberries and avocado with citrus dressing and it was really good. My husband had mussels and oysters that were yummy too. 
The only this I didn't like is that they serve their wine in small wine glasses and they fill it up more that half a glass so you can't even swirl the wine.
Will definitely recommend this place.I just had an amazing bone-in ribeye with some of the best fries I've ever had. The staff was incredibly pleasant. The view from the restaurant is gorgeous since is right across from the Bellagio fountains. There is indoor and outdoor seating. I'll definitely be back again. 

Had to come back and edit this. Get the chocolate mousse. Omg.We ate here with a small group of 10 for lunch after getting married. Our table in the atrium was ready when we arrived, giving us a wonderful view while we were out of the sun. As far as I could tell, everyone loved their food. The bread was very very tasty to start. We had oysters, which were quite delicious. My main was the scallops which were beautifully seared and seasoned.YUM!  Delicious food and fantastic service. We sat out on the patio and had a great time for breakfast. Will definitely return the next time we're in Las Vegas!Truly authentic, very warm atmosphere and the service and waiters treat you like their friends. For Vegas, this is very refreshing. This isn't a tourist trap in any sense. This is a place where you would be privileged to go no matter what city you live in, including Paris. 

They bring you a baguette, fresh baked and hot in a bag to start. It really and I mean really hits the spot. Their goat cheese appetizer is probably one of the best appetizers in the world. Mix the goat cheese in the tomato sauce and tear off pieces of the baguette to dip and you are in heaven. 

Their steak frites are on point. This is coming from the guy who has le rais de entrecôte in Paris three times in one trip. That place is an institution. 

Make reservations. It is always busy.So, so good! Do not miss a chance to eat here - you will not be disappointed! We came through Vegas on a road trip and had breakfast, and it was so amazing, we had to eat here on the way back! Everything was fresh, presented beautifully, and absolutely delicious. Things we ordered: Eggs Benedict, Big Skinny Pancakes (Cinnamon), Blueberry French Toast, Eggs Florentine, Bacon egg and cheese Crepes, sides of bacon and fruit,  Smoked salmon plate, Cinnamon Bun, and Apple Crumb Coffee Cake (over two visits and 6 people! ). EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious. We were all swooning over the cinnamon pancakes (really crepes), they had a crust like creme brule, oh my. The bacon was SO good, crispy and flavorful, just totally thick, flat and savory. You bacon lovers know what I'm talking about! The coffee was fantastic, the wonderful server kept my cup full, SUCH good service! She even gave me a slip to request recipes from the chef, wow! It was above and beyond. We sat indoors because of the heat, but the windows are large and they keep the big doors open with the air on, so you still have the benefit of terrace seating without the disadvantages . While a bit pricey for 6, (and an 18% gratuity is charged for parties of 5 or more ), it was a worthwhile spluge! SO SO GOOD!The patio seating is lovely at night and a constant source of entertainment as it looks out over the Strip and the human circus thereon.

Our waiter was French. How awesome was that having a (polite) waiter with a French accent provide you dinner while sitting uder the Eifel tower.

The food was excellent with the expected French influence. We had the salmon, filet and trout. All were well prepared and well presented in addition to being tasty and well seasoned.It's a must go place for me and my husband every time we visit Vegas. Great food, great service. Prefer to seat outside then you can have a strip view. Definitely gonna visit again in the near future!One of my top favorite Resturant, i love their French food. A great view to fountain of Bellagio from balcony.If my wish is granted... One day there will be a mon ami gabi in Los Angeles. In the mean time I'll make the drive to Vegas for the most amazing dinner I've ever had. Soup of the day was delicious. Ordered the cooked mussels ... I could probably eat this everyday for the rest of my life and not get sick of it . Absolutely delicious !!!! My boyfriend ordered the steak frites... AMAZING!!! I ordered the salmon.. EVEN MORE AMAZING! Can't wait to come back! This will be my first stop as soon as I get off the 15 freeway!This place was great! Ordered the French onion soup it was delicious!
Escargot was excellent!
Steak & frittes perfect!
French bread was warm, soft on inside crunchy on outside.
Crepes seafood was ok scallops were cooked perfect, shrimp a bit over cooked too many peas. I expected seafood inside crepe with sauce & peas, but seafood was on top. Other than that I really liked this place & service was excellent! Going back for breakfast.If you're looking for a fancy meal that won't break the bank, Mon Ami Gabi is the place to go. 
I've been here twice for dinner with a group with no reservations and we got seated right away. I would recommend sitting on the patio if its available. The view is gorgeous at night, especially when the Bellagio water show comes on. 

We usually order one of the Steak & Frite plates, which range from $26-$30. I love the Dijon plate. They also provide fresh, hot bread with a delicious carrot slaw! 

I would definitely come back here.With all the overpriced french restaurants in the Paris Casino, Mon Ami Gabi is indeed a gem.  The food is thoroghly enjoyable, and I have not once felt like I've overpaid for anything.  I've been to this establishment three times, once for lunch and twice for dinner.  

Let me talk about dinner. Lunch was great, but I don't remember anything about it :(  Dinner, my friends, is well worth it.  For one, I'm addicted to their "c'est si bon" martini (it's a bit overpriced...but it's absolutely delicious...what is it?  A watermelon martini, and it's fan-freaking-tastic!).  Now we get to why I adore dinner so much--it's that wondrous hot baguette that comes with a side of butter and slightly picked julienned carrots.  Oooh...I'm drooling. I could make a meal out of this and in fact, I did once.   Okay, I may be weird, but i'm obsessed with it.  

I'm a sucker for their escargot.   How can I not be?  The sauce is scrumptious!  Butter, garlic, parsley AND I have this hot baguette!  W-O-W.  As for the entrees, I've had steak on both occassions--new york strip the first time and the ribeye special they had that night.  Needless to say, I enjoyed it very much...it's not going to be the same cute you get from 555 east or Mortons, but it's delicious nonetheless.  And the pomme frites? Spectacular!  The cut is just great.  

I've also been equally happy with their desserts. I'm a sucker for creme brulee, and I'll even happily enjoy the most mediocre of creme brulees.  I would have to say that my favorite desserts are the crepes and the tarte tartin (rustic apple tart) a la mode. Divine!  I have a sweet tooth.  

As far as customer service goes, I have absolutely complaints--with the exception of feeling a bit embarassed by the incredulous looks I get from devouring a loaf of bread and carrots.Great breakfast!!! Definitely come early for the breakfast and definitely sit on the patio! You can sip mimosas while watching the Bellagio fountains and soak up the sun!
The staff is very nice, they're constantly making sure you have everything you need coffee, juice, water etc. The breakfast is really good.
One time we wanted to sit on the patio but the line was so long we would've missed breakfast so we decided to sit inside. One of the waiters walked up to us and said. "You guys don't look happy. Would you like to sit on the patio?" We were shocked but He took us right out to the patio even though there was a long line waiting out front. Wow! It was one of those rare customer service moments where you can actually make the customer feel special. We definitely felt special and that truly made our day.This place is right across from the Bellagio and has a great view of the strip if you manage to get yourself a patio seat. It's a bummer they don't let you reserve tables on the patio so we sat inside the restaurant. Oh well!

I ordered a small frangria (red wine sangria) which came with seconds. So I had 2 glasses for about $8. Not bad!! The complimentary bread and radish dish was great and it was nice that they provided my gluten free friend with 2 servings of gluten free bread! Great service. 

I ordered the trout with green beans and was very happy with my food. The fish was cooked perfectly. I only wish they could have given me more vegetables (I'm a sucker for green beans sigh).Quintessentially Las Vegas. Sit in the outside patio by the sidewalk rail at dusk, watch crowds of interesting people walk by while enjoy the ambience of las Vegas Boulevard in the shadow of the Eifle Tower, Bellagio,  Caesars Palace and other Las Vegas Land Marks. .  As the sun sets, and the glitter of lights come alive, the music of Bellagio's fountains reach for the skies.

Star you meal with escargot, warm cheese and crusty French bread accompanied by a glass of fine French Beurdeux delight. Great food, amazing ambience, enjoy the good life.I know it's a chain, but it's still one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!

When my flight gets in late, no worries, this place is open late.  And the later you go, the better chance you have of getting a spot on or near the patio where you can watch the Bellagio fountains while you sip your glass of bordeaux and await the most delicious steak frites with bearnaise sauce and pureed cauliflower.  Pureed cauliflower, you say?!  It's absolute heaven!  I've gotten several others addicted to this stuff as well.  I'd almost make a take-out order anytime I was in the casino of just pureed cauliflower if I wasn't always in a rush!

Love this place!  It will continue to be the first dinner I have every time I visit.Came back to this place with some friends for Breakfast and loved it! My only complaint is Breakfast ends at 10:30am even on the weekends. After 10:30am you have to order from their Brunch Menu which has a couple of Breakfast dishes.  We made reservations since we had a large group but ended up getting tables on the Patio (The Patio is First Come First Serve). The BF ordered the Braised Beef Eggs Benedict and I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict.  I think I preferred the Braised Beef Eggs Benedict it came Braised Beef, caramelized onions, and their yummy yet fatty hollandaise sauce on top of an extra toasty English muffin. The Braised Beef had so much flavor and was really tender loved it! The Smoked Salmon came with hollandaise sauce on top of an extra toasty English muffin. I felt the smoked salmon was a little too salty for my taste. Both plates came with a side of extra crispy hashbrown Yum! Can't wait to go back and try more dishes!Mon Ami Gabi is a nice little place located right in front of the Bellagio under the eiffel tower.  The interior is decorated with beautiful, dark wood that mimics Parisian cafes.

It is perfect for brunch. We went a little before ten and we're thrown off by the huge line in front of the restaurant. But the line moved very fast and in a short minute or two we were at the front. The outside seating was full but they sat us inside right away. 

The eggs benedict was deliciously crafted.  The muffin was crunchy on the outside, giving the dish an interesting texture. The waffles my sister had were also just as delicious: sweet and decadent!

For brunch,  the prices were completely do-able compared to other places in Vegas (40$ breakfast, I think not) and the food/ambiance were very nice!Oh my goodness.

This place is one of the reasons I would return to Vegas--especially with an empty stomach. My boyfriend and I decided to try this restaurant on a whim after reading the terrific reviews. It did not disappoint. We came here for breakfast and were seated on their lovely patio. I love the décor, the atmosphere, and the casual feel as you watch people stroll walk by as you're eating. It's a very cozy and comfortable restaurant. Service was fantastic. I ordered the Chocolate-Hazelnut Waffle with Nutella and fresh whipped cream. It is easily the best waffle I have ever had. Their whipped cream was also spectacularly delicious. I don't have a single negative thing to say about this place, my only wish was that we dined here for a more substantial meal like dinner. Yum, I can't wait to go back!The food here is so flavorful, decently priced for Vegas, and so worth it. Service is very fast even when there's long linesThis is the third time that I came, so I'm giving a combined review of the restaurant. 

I tried the warm Brie appetizer, good but not great. The steak is good, but had better elsewhere. Scallop appetizer was something memorable for me. Dessert was nothing memorable. The views are good if u sit at patio. The view itself is worth 5 stars!I came here for lunch/brunch and left pretty satisfied. I traded half of my french toast for half of my boyfriend's prime steak sandwich, which was an awesome idea because it was a good mix of savory and sweet. 

French Toast: Boyfriend claims it was the best french toast he's ever had! We ate the french toast after the sandwich, so I'm sure it was even better when it first came out. The french toast comes with blueberries, blueberry sauce, and whipped cream. 

Prime steak sandwich: It was the fanciest steak sandwich I've ever had, haha. Even better when dipped in the au jus. The flat fries they came out with were a nice change. If you love crispy fries (almost like potato chips), you'll love them, but my friend who prefers more fluffy french fries wasn't a fan.

Tip: if you're going to get the prime steak sandwich, take it easy on the complimentary baguettes & butter they bring out before your food comes. We didn't realize they use the same bread for the sandwich, so it was a baguette overload that day since we ate the complimentary baguettes like there was no tomorrow lol.

Even for a group of six people on a Saturday for lunch, we were seated very quickly. Although we sat outside where it was a bit chilly, there were heat lamps and we had a great view of the Bellagio water show :)i'm a local and had never been so when out of town guests came to visit i figured i'd give it a shot - it was great all three times i was there (within a 2 week period) had lunch - croque monseiur (i'm sure i spelled it wrong) which is a french grilled ham and cheese - yummy! also had the duck leg confit, onion soup, filet au poivre (ok not all at the same time) and then had  breakfast on a sunday morning and sat on the patio which was fabulous -i ordered the chocolate and bacon waffle - i know sounds weird but the sweet/savory combo was fantastic....also, lots of hot fresh coffee.  so for a touristy place, it was reasonably priced, the service was good and so was the food - plus the people watching can't be  beat...give it a try - its not Paris, France but it's pretty close.Mon Ami Gabi was one of the only places on my list of "must do" restaurants in Vegas. We ended up getting up quite early and I wanted a good, quality, tasty breakfast that wasn't going to be served in its wrapper. We got a cab down to the strip and headed to Mon Ami Gabi.

This place is attached to Paris so of course it has the requisite french theme. Service was prompt and we were seated on the already pretty full patio. It was nice to be able to sit and people watch as we had our breakfast. This is one of those places where the waiters are dressed impeccably, there are white tablecloths and napkins, and condiments are brought to you in their own tiny dishes, instead of bottles, etc. Lovely experience.

I ordered the mushroom omelette, which had brie cheese on the inside and came with super crispy hash brown strings, and a piece of brioche with cream cheese and jam on the side. Everything was perfect - the omelette was INCREDIBLE. I can't say I've ever enjoyed something for breakfast that much. Melty, oozy brie cheese inside the omelette.... man, mouth is watering just thinking about it. The crispy hash browns were great, but my boyfriend would have preferred his less crispy (he's nuts, crispy hash browns all the way). I had a glass of juice and a tea and both were very good. Our meal wasn't rushed, the servers weren't all over us. It was very much so as though we were dining on our own, which was a nice way to start the day.

Overall, this was an incredible meal and I wish we'd come here at least one other time to try some of the lunch or dinner options. This is a must for me the next time I go to Vegas and it should be on your list too.Great vibes. Ordered the classic steak - it reminded me of the steak I had in Paris. Must eat when coming to Vegas!Can't beat dining on the patio in style here.  It's so worth the wait.  Service is impeccable every time.  Skate entree and steaks are always divine.  Excellent wine selections.  Very accommodating of gluten intolerance and even have an entirely separate menu.  Lovely selections of French inspired desserts.  Expensive, but totally worth the splurge!We went here for my birthday dinner during December last year and the filet Mignon was so good we had to come back for more for my Bf's birthday dinner this time around. Two of our friends ordered the classique and we ordered the filet Mignon merlot. Both dishes were delicious. Our server was even so nice to give us double birthday dinner (because my friends birthday is coming up next week!!) we had a fantastic time and will definitely come back again!!Let me start by saying I don't like corn beef hash. The corn beef hash here was more like a braised short rib with poached eggs and potatoes- it's one of the best breakfast dishes I've ever eaten. Love their bread and coffee also.The service was great. the food was awesome -what more could you ask for on a Saturday morning in VegasI made reservations here and we were seated immediately upon arrival. They greeted us and sat us on the outdoor seating where you can see the Bellagio's fountain water show.

The service was excellent and the server knew his menu very well, including the specials. I ordered the sweet potato soup and the croquet madam. French food, and the aura, very french! haha.

Nonetheless, I recommend everyone coming here for Brunch. Their salads too, are to die for!!The must-gets are: thin steak w/ frites, escargot, and their frangria. Delicious food, great view, great service. Always have a good time here. Word of advice, try to not to go during regular lunch and dinner hours. Mid-afternoon is the best time to go to avoid long wait.Where to begin!  Now our dining experience here was not a common one - we were treated to dinner here.  We ate almost everything on the menu - although their French Onion Soup wasn't spectacular, their baked goat cheese, fresh French bread and steaks were to die for.  They had a great wine selection, and our server, Angie, was phenomenal.  She had great wine recommendations and was overall a joy to have.  Would definitely eat here again!  Thank you George at the Paris for everything!really good steaks. just the right thickness (easy to eat) and very flavorful. not  thick, like the morton's steak kind but just as good. hand cut fries that come with the steak is pretty good too. get the whipped cauliflower with the steak. really creamy and good. nice view of the strip with the bellagio water show right in front of you. can't beat it.Had wonderful "Big Skinny" pancakes - Amazing!!  The Eggs Benedict were also delicious...Closes thing to being in Paris under the real Effile tower. With your occasional snobby french hostess.

Still one of my favorite lunch spots in Vegas. I wished they served Foie Gras during lunch though.The food here is delicious! I got a quiche and even my non-quiche-loving boyfriend thought it was delicious. If you do order the bloody mary though, it has a square of pate on it, and it was sort of traumatizing for me to look at, so if this bothers you as well, ask for it without. And the prices are a little steep (at least for breakfast) but it is Vegas, so overall I thought it was worth it and I would come back.Thu/6 Jun ended up here about 9 pm for dinner.
- Wait was about 15 minutes to seat our group of 9 out on the al fresco/outdoor area which is nicely situated over the Strip sidewalk.
- I had the signature filet mignon which was excellent, as was the service.
- One de-merit for the food was that in our group, 4 people (including me) had entrees which included the Mon Ami Gabi fried potatoes strings(?), kind of a cross between really thin french fries and potato chips.  None of us 4 cared for 'em.We enjoyed dinner here prior to seeing O, and it made for a great evening for my husband and myself, as locals, and also four our out-of-town guests. We arrived a little early for our Friday night reservation, but were seated immediately. Having been here before, I asked to be seated in the enclosed room just off the patio. It provides the best of both worlds- we could see the happenings on the strip, but were protected from the elements. 

My husband had the scallops, I had Steak Dijon, and our friends ordered the lemon salmon, and a salmon salad. We shared cauliflower purée, asparagus, and mushrooms. 

We were all very pleased with our choices. I only had a few of the frites, but they were delicious, and my steak was exceptionally tender, and prepared perfect medium rare. I normally order filet, so was pleasantly surprised at just how well cooked the steak was. The cauliflower purée was the best I have ever had...so velvety! 

For dessert, we had caramel creme brûlée, strawberry sorbet, and two of us had lemon creme brûlée - again, no complaints. The French martini was great too, and I wished I would have had another with the lemon creme brûlée. 

Everyone is friendly here too, which is honestly something you don't always experience at restaurants on the strip. It is a nicer dining experience without being pretentious.wow!

you gotta try the onion soup!!

our serever Michelan was great...she totally felt our vibe.

This is a well-run machine.

A must if you come to Vegas!Pretty good restaurant on the strip. This is a must visit location if you are staying on the strip. My gf and I came here for our Valentine's Day dinner. They were pretty busy, and even with a reservation we had to wait about 20 minutes. The wait was definitely worth it. 

If you choose to sit outside you'll get a really good view of the Bellagio fountains. The server was very friendly and attentive. We ordered clam chowder soup to start us off. We ended up getting steaks for our main course. She got a filet mignon and I ordered their Bone-in ribeye. Both steaks came with their fries and we ordered garlic spinach and sauteed mushrooms for the side.

The steaks were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The sides were complimented the steaks pretty well. After our dinner, we ordered Banana Foster Crepe, which was also very good. The crepe came with warm bananas and vanilla ice cream stuffed inside a crepe. 

Overall, this is a very reasonably priced restaurant on the strip and its definately worth checking it out.My wife and I have to go here every time we're in Vegas.  The inside décor is fine, but you really want to sit on the patio, preferably on the street at night to have a view of the Bellagio fountains.  My wife and I sat there for an addition 20 minutes after our meal, just to see the next show.

The food is very good, but not quite extraordinary.  The steak is not the best I've had, not really close.  What you should expect is the sauce and potatoes to compliment the meat and make the meal.  The baguettes are also excellent.

Without the view, this is probably 4-stars, the view pushes it to 5.If and when I get up in time for breakfast in Vegas (I mean, who does after a night of boozing and drunken shenanigans?)--this is where I go.  

Their French toast is one of my favorites!  
Thick-cut, custardy toast paired with blueberry compote and incredibly rich, velvety-smooth vanilla creme fraiche....

Can you say NOM??

It's always a good experience here.  Come check it out.What a lovely, romantic place!!! We technically sat inside for breakfast, but the way the restaurant is set up, the entire front is open, facing the street and the amazing Bellagio hotel, so you're also outside more or less. It was a gorgeous, sunny day, so that made the experience that much better. We had a yogurt parfait, eggs, bacon and chocolate chip waffles (a pms ing woman's dream!!), and toast. As you are sitting there, the Bellagio fountain show goes off every so often, and sitting down relaxing with a meal is the best way to see it. It was a great, romantic experience. The food was very good, and the waitstaff very impressive. They couldn't do enough for us. Would def recommend.Great dinner for a decent Vegas price. Crab cake was pretty good but the grape and almond soup de jour was delicious and different.On our trip to Vegas my bf and I were looking for a place to have lunch and we were walking around Paris' casino floor and starving so we decided to check out the menu outside Mon Ami Gabi. I was sold on their lunch selection so we proceeded to get a table on the patio.  The hostess may have lacked some common sense because she seated us at the table that was away from the fans that sprayed cool mists, umbrellas, and in direct sunlight in 105 degrees of heat. wth!? After burning our elbows on the scorching hot tables, the servers brought out iced cold water which melted within a few seconds due to where we were seated. My bf asked for a table change closer to where everyone else was being seated (under umbrellas and fans). 
Our server was really sweet and moved us to a table towards the side of the patio and it felt nice to have that section to ourselves.  

Anyway we started off with the yogurt gazpacho that was part of their daily specials menu and it was so refreshing and tart for a hot day. the soup was served extremely chilled so it was perfect. For lunch, we got the steak sandwich with caramelized onions and a chicken blt sandwich. the steak sandwich and the fresh potato chips were definitely on point. As for the chicken sandwich, it was an ordinary chicken sandwich but the portion was pretty good.  Service was great here as well; our drinks were constantly refilled before they ever reached the half way point. The patio is definitely fun  to sit in to people watch and enjoy the view of the Bellagio fountain across the street.As Peggy Hill observed in her neighbors backyard hot tub while eating cut squares of american sliced cheese, "This must be what Paris is like."

Just kidding. I like this place though. I had the steak frites with bearnaise sauce. Very delish. The frites were just the right amount of salty and crispy. Baked cheese appetizer was warm and cheesy and pretty amazing. We sat on the inside (to avoid the 1 hr wait to sit outside), but they sat us literally 10 feet from the open windows with our chairs facing out, towards the Bellagio water show. Great service and pretty decent prices for Vegas.  Am now curious to try lunch there...Breakfast ends at 10am and my cousin told me this is her favorite spot for breakfast so I had to try it! We got there in time and surprisingly we didn't wait long maybe 10-15mins. We sat inside, the bar lounge area and it was very intimate setting. I wish I remembered our host name but he was very sweet and accommodated us very well. I got a mocha to start and my boyfriend got the house coffee. My mocha was pure melted chocolate it was yummy! I ordered the florentine eggs benedict. Everything was delcious, but I'm not exaggerating when I say my favorite food when I visited Vegas was those hash browns from Paris. Ohhh my I wish I can have it every day..lol. oh and my boyfriend got an omelette with toast and jam. And he love the jam! Plus the food of course but his was the jam. Lol. So definitely a place to always go eat when visiting Vegas :)I'll come back for coffee and chill in the patio watching ppls walking on the strip.This place is a must every single time I come to vegas. Even if I'm full, I stop here for the escargo. So delicious. If you've never tried escargo, this is the place to do it. It is dripping with butter and garlic which makes it all the better.My favorite Vegas restaurant! I have been here every time that I have come to Vegas and always recommend it to my friends. I love their "Hanger steak" steak-frites! So juicy, cooked perfectly, and the merlot butter is perfection! The hand cut fries were also very tasty. I also got a side of sautéed mushrooms which was also very good. I have stuck with my usual but can't wait to try a different dish next time since there are so many good looking choices on the menu.This place never disappoints from the service of the food to the view. It's the quintessential experience in Las Vegas. We had a fantastic server great table and we made the reservation on OpenTable last minute. Not to miss the onion soup the mussels which we had twice btw with fries and profiteroles as well as the escargot. Couple bottles of Chablis went great to wash it all down.No doubt about it -- this is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas and, in fact, it might be my favorite place to eat in the entire country.

I don't speak French or know much about French culture, but I love Paris and its tradition of long, lingering meals outdoors over glass after glass of wine.  Some French restaurants in America try to recreate this tradition, but none does it as well as Mon Ami Gabi.  I eat here every time I go to Vegas.

If you go, you must get a table outside.  This will probably mean a wait of more than an hour, but it's absolutely essential.  Directly across the street from the Bellagio, you'll have front-row seats for their famous water show.  You'll also be sitting in the shadow of the famed Eiffel Tower (Vegas version), and it's a prime spot for people-watching.

The food and the service are both outstanding.  Purists criticize the food for its lack of authenticity.  I can't speak to that, but can say that the food they DO serve is fantastic -- the chicken liver mousse is to die for, their steak roquefort is seasoned and cooked to perfection, and I absolutely love their light, crispy frites.  The wait staff is attentive without being obtrusive, and there's never an attempt to rush you away, no matter how long you've been nursing that final glass of wine.

This place is perfect for both a romantic dinner for two, or a raucous dinner party of 12.  More than a meal, it's a dining experience!I absolutely love this joint! I've been here so many times to celebrate birthdays, bachelorettes, and just to have brunches!  Service is wonderful, with complementary baguettes.  They also have a DIY bloody Mary bar (my favorite)!  All the food I've had had been really delish!We love this place. It is a must stop for us whenever we visit Las Vegas. Lunch on the patio watching the fountains and the Human Circus. The food is always great, the servers are entertaining, cocktails are good and wine list is too.Always a favorite.  Te pâté, the steak frites, the wine list, the onion soup!  I cannot stop coming here.  The views are incredible, the service is spectacular, and the food is always on point. Make a reservation!I had such a LOVELY time here at Mon Ami!!

I have booked marked this restaurant forever and finally had a night to try!! First off, if you're parking in the Paris parking lot, I had trouble navigating inside the hotel to find the restaurant. Be sure to ask around or you'll be walking in circles like I did... It's must easier if you don't bother driving at all and just walk on the strip bc it's located right outside the Paris hotel...

Seating was fast and plentiful even on a Saturday night even when we didn't make any reservations.. We decided to sit outside on the patio and for a great view of the Bellagio fountains. What a way to eat dinner!! Dinner and a view!

I ordered the kale frisée salad with the mussels while the BF ordered the steak with peppercorn sauce. I must say, I'm not much of a meat eater so I'm not a big steak fan but I took a bite out of his steak and it was sooo tender and delicious! Very soft meat and flavorful!! I looked over to my BF and within minutes that steak was gone!! I took a couple of his frites too and I LOVED how crispy they are! Perfectly cooked! My kale salad was delicious! Loved their dressing and huge chunks of bacon with a perfectly poached egg on top!! The mussels were also delicious!! The BF kept dipping the complimentary bread into the sauce even after he finished his steak!!

Overall, we had a lovely time at Mon Ami! Perfect way to start the trip!Went to Mon Ami Gabi for the first time for a friend's birthday.  Food is a little overpriced for taste, but proportion size is good (not too small).  If you are feeling bold, I recommend trying the chicken liver spread.  Their bread pudding and chocolate puffs are amazing!!  The restaurant manager, Michael, was gracious enough to comp our appetizers and desserts.  For a group of 9 women, each of us paid on average $35, which included tip.  Our group sat inside and it was busy and packed with people.  Atmosphere was relaxed, but service was great.WOW! 

the bf and i had made reservations here before we were off to watch jersey boys, and everything from start to finish was fabulous. We were seated right away with delicious, fresh, warm, bread to snack on before our meal. coming in I knew i wanted steak, so i ordered the "classique" since it's always better to be safe the first time, right? the steak is large but thin at the same time. the BUTTER on top omg, i don't think i've ever had steak like that before. it was goddamn mouthwatering. hats off to the chef for cooking it a perfect medium rare too. and the fries, wow. I am NOT a french fries person, but i ended up inhaling these thin, oddly cut fries. 

the restaurant is gorgeous on top of the great service. I had requested to be seated on the patio, but because it's so cold these days it was covered up. No worries, the view of the bellagio foundation always looks good. 

i will DEFINITELY be back next time i'm in town.The food, service and atmosphere are all top notch!  We waited for an outside table on a sunny Friday afternoon and were not disappointed by the whole experience.   
I'm not sure how anyone pays attention to the Bellagio fountain across the street with the amazing people watching opportunities right in front of you.  
Our waiter was fantastic.  He helped us with our meal decisions (my husband had escargot and I had the baked goat cheese) and was overall super pleasant.
This place is run really well.  There is staff all over talking into earpieces making sure everyone is being taken care of.
The best best best thing about our whole experience was the white chocolate bread pudding with homemade caramel sauce.  So good. 
But we are definitely going back for another meal and will for dure end thst one with the warm chocolate cake!The food is simply excellent and true to French bistro fashion. The prices are very reasonable, particularly for Vegas standards and the patio is a great place to sit and enjoy a meal. 

On the minus side, the wait staff is frazzled, so you won't get the attention you should, and the dining room is cramped and very noisy (again, bistro/brasserie style). Still, one of our musts every time we end up in Vegas.Sat on the patio for dinner so we could see the Belagio fountain. Service was very good. The steak I had was ok, my wife's filet mignon was outstanding. 

The weather outside was beautiful, yet they had their heaters going and said they couldn't turn the one above us off...or even down to a lower level. Our party of 4 was sweating the entire dinner. 

If I were to take more guests to Vegas I would go back here. I did expect more from this restaurant though.Just as good and the real Paris, France.  The crepes are amazing.  If you go to LV and do not stop here you have wasted a trip.  Champagne is great, view of Bellagio fountains is amazing and the food and service is choice!!I love this restaurant.  I only wish I had the time and money to go more often!  I think they serve chateaubriand on Sunday evenings, which is delicious!  Can't wait to go back!Delicious! Amazing! Please, Sir... I want some more...

Need I go on?

A few friends had recommended MAG prior to my trip to Las Vegas earlier this month, telling me it was a prime spot for people-watching. Situated right on Las Vegas Boulevard (or "The Strip"), MAG was that and so much more.

Located within the Paris Hotel, directly under the Eiffel Tower, MAG welcomes diners with an authentic French experience right down to the decor. The cuisine could, at best, be described as French-American fusion. There's certainly something for everyone on the menu but with a twist that's a bit "en Francais".

Over our three-day trip, my friends and I visited MAG twice: once for lunch and on our last day for breakfast. Both times we were more than impressed - particularly by the impeccable and attentive service. A table on the patio is worth the wait, but make reservations in advance if you're keen but short on time. 

MAG will be a must for me each and every single time I visit Las Vegas.I always loved this bistro/restaurant.  Ever since it opened with at the Paris Hotel, I have been a regular diner.  When out-of-town friends come to LV, I always suggest a little repast at Mon Ami Gabi - on the Strip with the crowds below you - directly eating on the verranda outdoors area - what bliss...a great omelet is made there.  The one  thing I can say to anyone is always try the bread first - a good restaurant has good bread - and so MAG has it!  Enjoy their pommes frites if you are having a luncheon dish, too.  Viva la Mon Ami Gabi!I mean YAASSSS. I am going to warn you that this review might be a little biased since I am borderline obsessed with anything to do with France. So if you don't like French culture, you might not like my opinion about this place. 

I want to start off by saying I have never been to France despite my love and longing to go there. It's been on the top of my wish list since I was 8. When we got to the table and began the ordering process, of course we ordered drinks. I don't drink alcohol but I did think they had a great selection. I ordered water and he asked if I wanted tap or sparkling. That's when you know it's going to be a great place to eat. After we ordered he brought us a baguette in a bag with butter and a unique veggie spread to go on top. I am just going to say I could have ate that bread for my whole meal and still would have gave 5 stars. Incredible and he kept bringing out more when we were out. 

Now let's get to the meal portion. I ordered the Salmon salad (which I don't always order salads but I was drawn to it) and I'm not sure what I was eating before this salad when it comes to a "salad" but this one changed my life. The salmon was cooked to perfection and could have been the best I have EVER had. And I am no Salmon virgin. The dressings was a citrus type dressing and they gave me a lemon wedge which just amplified and quite literally electrified my palate. It also had almost a full avocado and some walnuts as well. Just WOW.

I also got creme brûlée for dessert (which is my favorite anyways) and it did nothing but blow me away.

I could have ate here everyday and not been anything but changed for the better. I also loved how I felt like I was in Paris. Thanks Vegas!Loved it! We came twice.

Breakfast: good quiche Lorraine, fluffy egg omelet & nice view if you sit in the indoor patio. 

Dinner: awesome!!! We sat inside, it was very cozy with dim lighting.

They serve a warm baguette with creamed butter. For starters, we had the escargot. It was very good. My hubby had the soup special which was an oyster soup. It was amazing. It was creamy.. But not too much.. More like velvety. I had the duck leg confit & a side of fries for my meal. That was the best duck confit I've ever had in the U.S. The meat would just fall off the bone. My hubby had the chicken paillard & the macaroni gratin which he said were very good. The waitress recommended a white chocolate bread pudding. It was served warm with ice cream.. Very good too. 

This place has great food, great service, nice atmosphere and a reasonable price. Our dinner bill with a glass of Bordeaux was $95. 

Definitely make a reservation (I used open table).Located inside the Paris Hotel and Casino, this is a very nicely-apportioned restaurant with a truly French theme. And I'm a "fair" judge of this, having dined in several parts of France, including Paris (pssst wanna know a secret? They're not rude to you in Paris!). 

Food and service were good. I had a steak sandwich, my wife had a steak salad. Guess we like steak. 

The only thing I now don't like is the location. I say "now" because it's changed over the years, it's changed just outside on the sidewalk. It used be be just full of tourists (like me) walking to and fro. Now it is overrun - TRULY - overrun with all kinds pushy sales people. And I don't even mean the ones with kiosks. I mean shady characters holding clipboards, selling jewelry, etc. 

If they were legit, why wouldn't they be set up in an office somewhere? I got hit up no fewer than 10 times on my way into the restaurant, and my way out. It ruined the experience for my wife and she kindly asked that we not go back. 

But can't ding the restaurant for what they can't control, so four stars it is.I've been coming here for close to a decade. Best meal for the price in Vegas. Never disappoints. If you can wait, try for the terrace or our favorite the pavilion. The steaks are perfectly cooked and the frites are irresistible.  For those that like seafood, the scallops have never been less than spectacular.

This restaurant has the vibe of a bustling French bistro, with the added plus of a friendly but very professional staff. Can't recommend enough!I absolutely love French food done right and Mon Ami Gabi, to me tastes like homemade French food.

The oysters, escargot and sea bass were cooked perfectly. The Escargot had a great texture and the sauce went well with the baguette.

The interior feels like a home...extremely welcoming; it feels like a place where you can have a nice dinner or lunch watching the Bellagio fountains or just people watching in general. 

The service was quick and the waiters were friendly and knowledgable. If you're in the mood for classic French food on the strip that isn't extremely pricy I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi.The food was good, tasty and well prepared.  However, it took us over an hour to receive our entrees.  The problem wasn't with the kitchen since other tables had no problem getting seated and finishing before we started.  The problem was with our server who, when we brought it to her attention, just said she wanted to space things out.  Fortunately, the host came by to apologize and when the food came, it was good.Chris was the best waiter !!  My husband & i ordered the steak & eggs   French toast   With a side of sausage . Everything was perfect. The blueberry French toast was out of this world!! Next time in Vegas we defiantly will be back.Great breakfast. One of my friends insists it was the best breakfast she's ever eaten. The Eggs Benedict with thinly sliced steak special was fantastic. Bloody Mary bar was good but not great. Based on our experience get the bar and build your own was the better option although the bartenders were fine. We had a large loud group. If you have a group like us wait to be seated outside. In general wait to be seated outside. It's a great place to people watch. Finally service, outstanding! Gary, our waiter was fantastic as were the rest of the servers. This is now a must do for all of my Vegas trips.When in Vegas, I always frequent Mon Ami!

They never disappoint, they are the most consistent restaurant I've ever been too. I always know I will have a delicious meal, with excellent service and wonderful drinks.

On this trip I enjoyed:

The FRENCH Martini -  Alway memorable and delicious!

The French Onion soup - A great starter before a meal, Hot with melted cheese on toast, floating on  onion broth.

Chicken Liver Mousse Pate -  Always delicious, creamy and texture is smooth

Mussels Mariniere - with its white wine & herbs.... it was perfect for dunking the fresh french baguettes in.

Ground Ahi Tuna Burger - a pleasant burger without the guilt.

I always look forward to dining at Mon Ami! Will definately return and highly recommend!Okay, it's not really Paris, but at times, I really get the vibe that I have when in the REAL Paris. Sitting outside is great and the food was all very good. Great place to grab a beer and a couple of appetizers- and the mini-baguettes are to die for!Patio seating definitely adds to the dining experience here! I recommend the hanger stake with extra Merlot butter and the escargot! This is one of m favorite steak joints and it's not in my opinion overpriced for being located on the strip!I love this place! I have eaten here a few times now and every time it has been delicious. If you are lucky enough to grab a seat outside it also in a great spot on the strip to people watch. It is pretty reasonably priced and the service is impeccable. I definitely recommend Mon Ami Gabi.I decided to try something new and this place really hit the spot!! They have a great view, nice people and delicious food!! If your in Las Vegas you should definitely try this place!!!Stopped here for lunch as it's at the Paris where we are staying. Started with the baked goat cheese and it was amazing...a must have!  We then had the Poutine Gabi which is enough to share. This is like a bunch of airy french fries loaded with bacon, fried cheese curds, an egg on top and some sort of amazing sauce. I'd give this place another try at dinner to try the entrees as they looked fabulous.Does it count when the manager recognized your face for three straight days of coming in for breakfast? Yeah, breakfast was bomb! I enjoyed most of the egg benedict ! The corn beef and salmon is so good! The most
Important was all the staff is always friendly and welcoming. Definitely a place where you should grab breakfast when you visit Las Vegas!Can you say great customer service?! 

My brides man took me and the girls here on my bachlorette party for lunch. We had 10 girls and we sat on the patio and they staff was very accommodating. The ambiance was amazing. 

We ordered the ricotta and tapenade appetizer. Their bread and butter was delicious. My girlfriend and I had the lobster roll as our entree. So yummy! Reasonable price and great carefree environment. I will be back!I came here for my sisters birthday dinner and we were presently surprised! 
First the French onion soup it was amazing!! The best French onion soup I have ever had. It had so many onions! I could eat that soup everyday and be pretty happy about it.

On to the salmon salad I had. The salmon was cooked perfectly and you got a decent size piece of it. The salad had spinach, kale, blueberries and walnuts. It was refreshing and healthy. 

My sister had the streak frites with the peppercorn sauce. The steak itself was cooked really well. The peppercorn is a little spicy like it should be. I thought the frites were a little too crispy and I know they should be. The key here is to eat them
Both at the same time. 

My sister had a sangria which was pretty tasty! We then had some creme brûlée which is amazing!! The amount of vanilla bean in this dish was perfect!! Some of the best creme brûlée ever!

Come to eat here if you have the chance it is one of the best restaurants on the strip!

Try the French onion soup if nothing else!!Started out great. Excellent waitress. Very friendly and explained menu. The french bread was hot and fresh and delicious. Escargot for an appetizer was hot and tasty as can be. Petite salad was very earthy and seasoned to perfection. Main course was a bit of a disappointment though :( Hubby had filet mignon wrapped in bacon (3 pieces) each one being a worst to better cut of meat with unchewable tendons and he ordered it medium and it was pretty raw. I couldn't decide between steak bearnaise or steak au poivre so waitress suggested both sauces on the side. Sauces were tasty but steak was more like a smashed flank steak, but tasty. So as I said it started out great but didn't end on a good note. I heard the place had better steaks a few years ago, unfortunatelySolid French food in a touristy area.  

We walked in for Saturday brunch and were seated within a few minutes since we asked for indoors.  Feels disarmingly like Paris (I guess that's the point).  Actually, a little *too* much like Paris... it was difficult to wave down servers for tableware, sugar, another drink order, etc.  Not too difficult, just like I was in France rather than the tourist capitol of America.

When you sit they give you warm bread.  Win.  Wonderful, delicious warm bread plopped right on the table with some butter. 

Decent onion soup, with a rich beef broth and melting caramelized onions- a little bit salty for me, but that's just me.  Melted cheese and a crouton on top.  Standardly solidly good, which is to say great since it's hard to get some standardly solidly good soupe a l'oignon in the US.

INCREDIBLE frisee and warm bacon salad with poached egg and a citrus vinaigrette- we spent awhile trying to guess what made the dressing so good and we still have no idea.  The warm thick hunks of bacon went great with the light orange-y dressing.  We asked for extra bread to mop up the goodness.  Only wished there was a bit more frisee to balance out the heavy toppings.

Seafood crepe: meh.  Scallops and shrimp were good, but I'd pass on this.

There are four stars here for that salad.  It's that good to bring a three star restaurant up to a four.  Yum.Our favorite meal in Vegas! We sat outside and they had nice heaters to keep us warm. The view of Bellagio Fountains while we ate was amazing. The steak and frites were really tasty! We ordered the Hangar Steak and it was wonderful! The french onion soup was very tasty too. Make sure you sit on the patio, the atmosphere is amazing!Mon Ami Gabi, you never cease to amaze me!

This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. If you are not in mood for all you can eat buffets, I recommend coming here. Mon Ami Gabi has great selections of food to choose from. You in the mood for seafood? They have an amazing sea scallops dish that is caramelized. You in the mood for salad or a healthier option? They have a great grilled salmon and spinach salad sprinkled with walnuts and blueberries. It is delicious!  You in the mood for something heavier and with meat? Try their steak!!  I came with a big group of 12 people the first time and was seated right away with our reservation. I had a bite of some of my friends' dishes and I can confidently say that You will not be disappoint with your selection here. Everything is good here, which is rare to find in most restaurants. 

Service is also great here. I have been here twice during peak hours and my servers have been attentive and also personable. 

Reservation is recommended, but I actually came here with a friend recently on a Saturday afternoon around 11 a.m. I was worried that we were not going to get seated, but I got seated within 10-15 minutes in their outdoor area. I was also notified that there was no wait if I wanted to be seated inside. 

I would recommend sitting in their outdoor area because you get a good view of the strip.Very good. There is a bunch of tourist trap bullshit in Vegas. This is not it. The food is fantastic for the price. The bloody mary bar is a lot of fun. Definitely recommended.I am a novice when it comes to finding places to eat in Vegas.  I only know of the buffets and even then only 2 real good buffets.  So when it came to choosing a fairly priced lunch spot, my sister and I relied on one of those tourist guides found on hotel info kiosks.  We didn't want to do the usual food court joints so we were happy to read in a booklet... a $$ Frenchy cafe with outdoor seating and a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Yes, that is the one!

We were seated quite promptly during peak lunch hour and fairly center for a great outdoor view.  Service was prompt and very attentive.  My Pinot Gris needed a bit more time to chill, but otherwise it was a nice brunchy buzz.  My sis's Bellini seemed to have given her a nice punch too as she got light headed after 2 sips.  ;)  Which called for immediate noshing on our warm baguette and butter.

We got the Chicken Liver Mousse Pate w/ red wine mustard.  It came with toasted baguettes, pearl onions, and those baby pickles.  All were great accompaniments to the rich, savory pate.  I really liked that sweet n sour condiments with the livery taste.  

My bacon quiche was extremely smooth and cheesy.   The crust was perfectly flaky too.  I cant stand a dense, dried out quiche with some basic ham... this simple dish was definitely prepared with care.  Sis had the shrimp and scallops crepe.  Also delish!  Seafood was not overcooked like it could have easily have been..  The cream sauce was very flavorful and the crepe worked great to soak it all up.  Portions were generous so we were nice and full. 

Ambiance is great here... sure it isn't the exact feeling of a real French cafe... what with fat tourists with those outrageous 2 feet long Long Island Ice tea drinks walking by staring at us.  But the service here makes a good effort in making you feel at ease so you ignore the noontime drunkards and Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" choreographed to 10 story high water squirts.  

So now I know where to dine in Vegas... Wynn Buffet, Bellagio Buffet, Rio Buffet, and here.I forgot something: Mon Ami Gabi has some pretty mighty portions. The dishes are pretty hard to finish on your own, so either share or bring a mighty appetite or prepare to take food back to your hotel. 

Last time we didn't dine in, so we didn't know that they gave a loaf of warm, crusty baguette. It was very good. I wish we had dined in last time because I really like warm crusty bread.

Friend got the quiche lorraine and she only finished half of it. I tried a bit and it was delicious. I got a croque monsieur and it was huge and came with a mountain of ridiculously addicting fries. The only reason I ate those fries was because they tasted like potato chips. Boyfriend got the seafood crepe and then I instantly regretted putting in my own order because his was ridiculously good and it was hard for him to finish anyways. 

Next time I'm sharing.Took my husband here for his birthday and we sat outsides I had reservations but they sat us all the way in the back by the waiters water area which was uncomfortable. But I have 5 stars because the food was great and the bread was awesome. The best time to go is in the evening... Love the viewLOOOOOOOOOOVED it!!!! I definitly will go back there again when Im in town. The food was Excelent and cooked perfect. the waiter was amazing on keeping up with everything. It was kinda pricey but well worth it. Just keep in mind when you order a steak, also order a side dish as well. Cuz basically with the steak.... thats just it.Great atmosphere! Divine steak and banana foster!!! Love it.Great place to people watch. Right across from the Bellagio Fountains, so if you sit outside you get a show with your meal. Lovely food, and nice place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine.This "steak pommes frites"-style French bistro at the Paris Hotel Casino is a fairly typical bistro, made outstanding by the sidewalk view of the Bellagio fountain show, particularly stunning at night. Service was excellent, even though the bistro was packed, busy and noisy.Fantastic food!! We came here for breakfast and ahhh, right in the shade with a view of the Bellagio right across the street. :)

We got the specials, a lemon crepe and a shrimp eggs benedict biscuit and both were sooooo good! We got some bellinis to drink (like a peach mimosa) and those were great too so we got seconds, haha. :)

Wonderful place for food right on the strip!

Oh, you can call ahead for reservations if you like. We waited about 15 min for a patio seat on a Friday morning and just chilled at the bar. Call ahead to save time. ;)This is possibly the best restaurant experience I've ever had!

On a slow Tuesday night, the wait for patio seating was less than 15 minutes. They give you a buzzer so you can do some gambling while you wait. 

Our waitress was so attentive, patient and friendly. She brought out a few wine for us to sample before we make our decision on a glass (this is Vegas, who does that?).

Their French onion soup is the best I have tasted so far and it is a must order item if you like onion soup. The savory onion flavor shines through the hot ungreasy broth with the perfect amount of cheese on top. Bravo!!

Hanger steak was cooked exactly medium rare without tasting cold in the center. $20 for this steak is a wonderful deal. 

chocolate mousse was so good. It certainly was freshly whipped (along with a side of housemade whipped cream) and the sweetness was just right. 

I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. With the bellagio fountain being across the street, this is worth flying to Vegas for!!!Had a wonderful dinner at Mon Ami Gabi last week. We made an early reservation (4:45pm) since we had tickets to a show at 7:30 and didn't want to rush through our meal.

We started with some champagne and the complimentary carrot salad. Then a warm baguette was delivered with some perfectly chilled butter and I knew I was in for a good night.

For an appetizer, we shared a chilled seafood platter that included lobster, oysters, jumbo shrimp and salmon tartare. Perfect. The lobster was "lazy-man"...all ready to eat. Everything was delicious. We ordered french onion soup as it came highly recommended...I'm not a big fan of french onion soup in general...but this was very cheesy and rich. I tasted the broth and we asked why it was so rich...the broth is a combination of beef and veal stock. I don't do veal...so that might be why I wasn't too thrilled with it. But...if you like french onion soup, this might be the one for you. (Note - I don't like the globulous cheese, either...so it's all about personal preference and taste).

For dinner, I ordered the fish special. It was a white fish - similar to a sea bass (but not sea bass; and I can't recall the name of the fish). Cooked perfectly with brussels sports and mashed cauliflower underneath. Absolutely delicious. My companion had the goat cheese salad and loved it.

Service was awesome. Friendly and efficient without being even a touch snooty. Ambiance was fabulous as well.

No room or time for dessert but I would visit Mon Ami Gabi for another meal in a heartbeat.As we were walking along the Strip, we spotted this cute place with an outdoor patio and we all made a mental note to try this place for brunch/lunch the next day.

When we arrived, we were promptly given a seat indoors, but close to the outside patio since all the outside seating was taken...which ended up okay since people were smoking. The area we sat in was large, airy and definitely full of light...a total opposite from the front of the restaurant that was pretty dark.

Here's what we ordered:
-hand cut Gaufrette potato chips ($5.95): the best darn home made chips I've had! Light, not greasy and delicious with the blue cheese dipping sauce
-open-face shrimp salad ($11.95): my friend enjoyed it, looked really fresh
-combo maison: grilled cheese and short rib sandwich, cup of Gazpacho and Frites ($12.95): great deal! The grilled cheese and short rib sandwich was okay...a bit greasy and the meat was dry but the cup of gazpacho was GREAT! Nice and cool, perfect on a hot day...I wish I had a whole bowl of it! Large cup of fries that were done perfectly. I wish I had room to eat more!
-classic quiche Lorraine ($11.95): my friend said it was dry and cooked too long

If you're tired of the buffets and want a nice sit down place to enjoy your food, I'd definitely come here!I finally made it back here and was pleasantly surprised by the consistency of the food. Arriving on a Saturday night at 6:15pm, the two of us decided to take a seat at the bar and have a couple cocktails and an app. 

There are two bars in this place and you'll want to sit at the bar waaaay inside the restaurant. This is the one that has the view of the patio and the Bellagio fountains.

The bartenders were courteous and efficient in a restaurant that was very busy. the blue cheese stuffed olives were delicious in my Kettle martini and the mussels and frites were the perfect accompaniment. The bar is a great place to people watch but I wouldn't linger around too long since there's a constant flow of new guests arriving and waiting for their reservations at the bar. It's a great place to start an evening before a show or a walk down the Strip.I had reservations about trying this place due to the mixed reviews on Yelp but I am so happy I decided to try the food here! I brought my whole family and they loved it.

Our table started with a round of drinks that were neatly prepared. 

The majority of us then ordered the steak frittes au pouvre - the original French style - and I was in awe at how good it was! The thin steak is oozing with flavor and juice. It is topped with crispy angel hair fries that soak up the goodness of the steak. If I could eat this every night for the rest of my life, I would. 

We ordered the mushrooms as a side dish that was a perfect complement to the steak. I almost wish we had ordered two for the table. 

For dessert, we ordered crème brulee, which was delightful! Crunchy on the outside and warm on the inside, as it should be. It was a perfect end to the meal. 

I love this restaurant and I would definitely return simply to have that steak!What got off to a pretty rocky start had a very happy ending during our visit to Mon Ami Gabi. So for that reason, I do not even see fit to delve into the negative aspect of our experience because the manager and new waiter completely turned it around. 

Our second waiter was so sweet, humorous and informative. He really made our dining experience an enjoyable one. Visiting a place that is known for its Steak & Frites was great for me because as rarely being a red meat eater, this would be my first time trying it and it was so worth it!!!! 

I ordered Steak & Frites, medium-well with a sherry sauce and caramelized onions. The meat was so well hammered and tender and the sauce was great! I also requested a side of lemon aioli with the fries to add a bit of a bite to balance out the rich flavor of the steak's sauce. 

We also tried the Warm Cream Cheese for an appetizer and the wild mushrooms in the dish was delicious with the soft Brie. 

To top it off, we had a scenic view of the Bellagio Fountain while sitting on the restaurant patio. :-)Amazing breakfast. Crispy waffles, amazingly thick caramelized bacon, finished off with a latte. Perfect!Great food and great service, the pricing is not nearly as high as you would expect for the view, ambiance and the fact that it's right on the strip. Everything I have tried has been very fresh, flavorful and delicious. If you are looking for a place to have a nice dinner without paying an arm and a leg, also getting a great view- this is it!Good french food and french vibe. 
Friendly wait staff and quick service.
We had hoped to sit outside and made a reservation, however outside seating is first come first served.  The allure for us was the outside, so we were a little disappointed.  
Dover sole was the specialty and delicious.  Steak frites was a classic and lived up to its reputation.  Creme Brulee - yum.
Escargot - it was ok - didn't seem to have the garlic/lemon pop I usually like, but the snails were tender and the bread warm and yummy.We were a little tipsy after playing the penny machines and decided to spend our pennies on some steak at Mon Ami Gabi. Prices were reasonable and I enjoyed the ambiance as it felt really romantic and intimate. Our server went beyond and out of his way, when he discovered my bf grew up in Wisconsin and had the chef make a custom gravy with some cheese from Wisconsin. I had a steak with fries, and I have no complaints. It's always a great surprise when you are met with excellent customer service. I didn't notice anything about the dress code since the bf was wearing a hoodie, but overall great experience for dinner.I found this restaurant on yelp and decided to give it a try based on the amazing reviews. I ordered the Cubano and it was absolutely delicious...it had so much flavor. A great place to people watch as well. Will definitely check them out again.Effeciency of ordering and care... Hiccough only with reservation when I arrived which was quickly amended... Great food and viewBest view on the strip.

If the weather is nice, get a table outside (if there is a wait; it's worth it).  The view of the Bellagio across the street is fantastic.

Enough about the view- the food is terrific as well.  We waited for a table outside and unfortunately had to wait about 30 minutes (we could have immediately got a table in doors but we wanted the view- it was the first nice day of weather on our vacation so we REALLY wanted to be outside).  Any ways the wait pushed us from their brunch time to their lunch menu which I was bummed about but understood- I really wanted their lemon pancakes!

We got a terrific seat outside and I politely played dumb and asked if brunch was still available.  The waiter explained that it was their lunch menu but immediately offered to check with the kitchen to see if they could take a late request.  Happily they were able to make my lemon pancakes and we had a terrific meal with coffee and a gourmet muffin afterwards.

This place will be a priority the next time I pass through Las VegasGreat breakfast made better by sitting outside.  Ate there 3 days in a row and did not have a bad experience.  Didn't eat at any other time, but was impressed enough by breakfast that I would imagine other meals would be great.  We had the 3 eggs scrambled, the ham and cheese omelet, croissants, the skinny pankcakes, french toast, bacon, and blueberry waffles.  I'd recommend them all - bacon is fabulous.  We should've stayed another day to try the eggs benedict.We've been to this restaurant several times and it is always a positive experience.  The view of the fountains is delightful, the food is good, and the price was not too overpriced given the location.Pretty good food with a great view of the Vegas strip and the Bellagio fountains.  Came here for brunch on the morning my friends got to Vegas.  We came in thinking there'd be a wait around 11:30am, but they surprisingly had seats open.  The food here is moderately expensive, but the food is fair for the price.  I had the blueberry waffles and a side of bacon.  Both were excellent.  The waffles here are a lot different from what I have had before.  They're very airy and light and are full of vanilla flavor.  It was great with the blueberries.  Overall a great experience, and if you eat on the patio, you get an awesome view.This is a great place to eat after a show. Great atmosphere with the Bellagio Fountain across the street. The food is really good.The Las Vegas version of a Chicago classic.  It's one of our Vegas favorites for several reasons.  Well located in the Paris, great view of the Bellagio fountains and a well priced menu.  Lately, we've been stopping in for lunch.  I LOVE the chicken sandwich with brie, apples and carmelized onions.  Great place to have a glass of champagne, relax and take in the people watching.I had dinner (well some would call it appetizer) at this restaurant.   I knew that I wanted mussels and. Traditional French style is my favorite.  It was a Sunday night, so not the best choice for fresh seafood.  However, the mussels were tender, flavorful and not a hint of fishyness.  The were served a white wine, butter, garlic and onions sauce - again, just like I like it!  It was served with half of a baguette.  Perfect to soak up the lovely sauce.  I have eaten here once before 2 or three years ago.  This is an excellent restaurant.  The service is on point.  My only negative is that the lighting is too dim.  I had to use my cell phone as a flashlight to read the menu and I noticed the table next to me having the same issue.  I would most certainly go back.  You can spend a little or a lot here, so pay attention.Just had my third experience at Amon Ami Gabi this morning. My first two experiences were phenomenal. The service and food was incredible. Shout out to Nicole who took care of us and delivered what was truly a world class experience. 

My reason for 4 stars is because of my experience with wait staff today. My waiter didn't share any specials with us, he didn't check on us once during our meal, he charged us for table bread, and our hashbrowns were so over salted that they were inedible. Would have loved to ask him about the $4.95 table bread charge and let him know about the salted potatoes, but he truly gave me no opportunity to do so. 

Management, hire more Nicole's!!Loved this place! We booked in the morning through yelp and got a table in the cafe overlooking the strip and fountains. Awesome! Our waitress was so nice and helpful, advised me really well on dietary requirements, and the food was delicious. I can't get over the price for the quality. Really good value, you would expect to pay so much more elsewhere. Mmm would go back every night but you'd have to roll me on the plane. I had filet mignon with fries and red wine sauce and my date had the big flat steak (oops memory fail) with peppercorn sauce and fries.This review may be lost in the sea of the thousands of reviews already on here, but I must share my experience here.
 I made reservations for valentines day at 7:45pm, well we left late and the traffic was horrendous of course, valentines on a Friday on the strip! Needless to say we arrived almost 45 minutes late. But they still honored our reservation!! and we only had to wait maybe 15 minutes for a table. Considering our tardiness and how busy they were, that was great!
And on another note,
The food was on point, we had fillet mignon and the hanger steak. Both delicious!! I had the Frangria, for $7. Not bad at all!! I can't wait to return for brunch on a normal day.Best patio dining in Vegas. I'll bet when they put the Bellagio fountains up they thanked God. Very European vibe, great for people watching. I like to do the fruits de mer, escargots, country pâté and a couple baguettes with a bottle of Bolly.Excellent restaurant.
No need for me to add any comments to what's already hereMy fiance and I were craving for some filet mignon steaks last minute so we decided to come here. The hospitality and service is great same with the ambience. Sit outside facing Bellagio so you can see the water show while enjoying a great steak. We both got the filet medium which was cooked to perfection.First impression I got was gorgeous high ceilings and friendly, bustling staff.

I ordered the escargot, based on the reviews, and the chicken liver mousse pate. The  first to arrive was the bread, and I have to say, for unflavoured bread (no garlic, no cheese, etc.) this was pretty fantastic. Nothing but purely delicious and fresh bread with some fresh butter! 

The escargot was soooo good, and served as amazing dipping sauce for my bread after. The liver mousse pate was amazeballs. Really. It had perfectly smooth texture and came with tiny pickles and olives that were a great offset for it.

Would definitely come again, especially for that pate!What a perfect place to have lunch in Vegas.  I really couldn't imagine anything more perfect than sitting outside on the Vegas strip enjoying lunch and a drink.  That's exactly what the Hubs and I did this past week thanks to all the amazing reviews for this spot at Paris Las Vegas.

Since we were staying at Paris, it was easy to make a lunch reservation and wonder downstairs to partake in some good food.  We asked to sit outside, which was accommodated.  It was cold and windy out, but the heaters were on and it was worth it to be able to people watch and enjoy the sunshine.  The atmosphere alone is reason enough to come to this restaurant, but when you add on fantastic food, your have a sure bet (please don't mind the Vegas pun- LOL).  

So, as far as the food is considered... we shared the baked brie, french onion soup, and the croque monsieur.  Though this was a cheese filled meal, it was SOOO... good!  The baked brie was absolutely to die for.  It was served with toasted/salt and peppered bread, honey, roasted garlic, and toasted hazelnuts.  WOW- I just started salivating thinking about it again.... the french onion soup was also great, but maybe a bit TOO much cheese (if there is such a thing).  The sandwich was awesome paired with crispy fries.  Simple, but done well.  Oh, the bread, a whole baguette, was warm and gone in 5 minutes.

Having stayed at Paris before, I am disappointed I never ate here previously.  I can't say that mistake will ever happen again because I will surely eat here every time I am in Vegas- that's a promise!I loved this place!! Considering that it is located on the Strip, the price is beyond reasonable!!! We shared a large carafe of Sangria and it was great amount for the price. I loved that all the servers were actual French and that they really make you feel like you are in France. 

As long as you are not sitting outside, your waiting should be really short. We got seated right away. I think people wait for outdoor for the Bellagio fountain scene but we were too starving 

Service was amazing and their complimentary bread, carrot side, as well as our entree was superb. I highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for fine dining in the Strip without $$$ price tag.Great night!  
The food was great!  The service was great!    We made reservations, so we were sat immediately.  Nothing more upsetting than the thousands of restaurants out there that have you wait after arriving for your reservation.  They say us right away. 
Crowded, but we got fast service.
The bread is the best French Bread in Nevada. 
We will return to this location.Mon Ami Gabi is a great spot for a nice dinner.  Not quite upscale like the Eiffel Tower restaurant but still a decent place for a meal.  Most will recognize Mon Ami Gabi for being "that sidewalk cafe at Paris".  Yup, that place.

The wait can get a little long, so you may want to call ahead or put your name down and gamble for a bit.  Thankfully, we didn't have to wait long since we called ahead and were seated promptly.  The staff was very nice and filled our waters without being asked.  

The hanger steak was very flavorful and cooked just as requested.  I don't know if it was the alcohol or what, but I loved the steak and it was easily one of the best steaks I've had.  I've never had "frites" before (think regular french fries but thinner and less greasy) and they complimented the steak famously.  After a couple martinis and the meal, we finished our meal by enjoying a strawberry crepe.  Not the best I've ever had, but still very tasty and enjoyable.

I wouldn't hesitate to visit Mon Ami Gabi again.Definitely one of my favorites on the Strip! I've been here several times and it has never disappointed! The food here is wonderful as well as the service.  Their steaks are fabulous, as well as their seafood.  

Worth a visit if you've never been!This restaurant is excellent for a romantic date night! We were seated on the patio which had a nice view of the fountain show at the Bellagio. We were served a baguette with butter and caper coleslaw (complementary appetizer) and me and my date both ordered a steak. My bordelaise steak was delicious and tender but it was a little thin.Just getting around to writing a review for this great spot.   The view is spectacular from the patio (we always get patio seating here) and a great place to just sit and people watch.  

My husband and I dined here for about 3 hours just "noshing" on several different appetizers plus drinks.  This is a great way to spend the afternoon and everything we ordered was perfectly prepared and delicious.  We both had the soup du jour which was LOBSTER BISQUE. It was truly wonderful but we ordered a shot of sherry for the soup, which to our disappointment should have been in the soup to begin with.  Not a big deal since everything else was over the top.

We went back for dinner and sat on the patio again.  And again, the food was memorable as was the ambience.

More recently 2 of my friends and I had lunch here and we all loved it so much we've decided to make this our favorite lunch spot.

One ordered the LEMON THYME SALMON.  She said it was the best salmon she'd ever had and I had to agree.  It was just a bit rare in the center which is what it's supposed to be and the lemon thyme flavor shone through.  

The other One ordered a steak, done medium rare and she said it was perfect.  I didn't taste the steak but she loved it.

I ordered one of my favorite dishes TROUT GRENOBLAISE.  Wow.  It was absolutely fabulous.  The sides we ordered were shared and there wasn't a thing we could find to complain about here.

Service was a little on the slow side but it was crowded and we were in no hurry.    If you want patio seating next to the railing you need to get there just before they open so you can be seated among the first.  It's worth it just to sit and watch the fountains and the throngs of people walking by.   Take your time here.I had never had french food but OMG it was delicious!! I had one of their sandwiches and the fries were thin and crisp. I would definetly come here at least once in your lifeThere's one reason to come here - to have a table-sized party on the patio! Yes, this patio dining is fine as china. You can sip French wine and watch the characters of Las Vegas stroll on by, catch Bellagio's water fireworks, and on occasion, experience a selection of Vegas's fine street performers. On this last trip, we got to chuckle at the statue man who made women scream and drop their cameras. Lovely.

If it is sunny, make sure you request a table with an umbrella or you will melt.

The first time I went, I remember enjoying the food, but on my second visit, I started to think that perhaps the first trip was influenced by a carafe of Frangria (sangria in French, not literally).

Yes, the food is good, but not incredible. For lunch, I had a butter lettuce & honey crisp apple salad. The menu description exceeded the execution a bit. The salad was smaller than I anticipated, and the presentation made it hard to appreciate all of the elements in a nice bite. Everything came in such a way that you had to spend a good amount of time cutting, and being on a plate complicated the procedure. It was a good salad, just a tad underwhelming. I also had a couple of bites of my husband's steak frites. The steak is super thin, but flavorful and tender. The frites have the thinness of chips. Call me old fashioned, but I like a fat frite. These were more like potato shavings. At $24, I wasn't blown away. However, all of this mattered not quite as much given the location. The service was delightful too.

To keep it simple: I would not go to Mon Ami Gabi to eat inside, but as long as they have a patio, I am sure I will return. Sometimes location wins.Went here with our group of about 10 friends last summer and the food is super good! Our server was very friendly and animated, and of course knowledgeable of everything on the menu. We all ordered fresh oysters to start off and everyone got the filet mignon, which was cooked to perfection :)I had the Trout Almondine and the Frites. The food was really good. I had ordered the fries (Frites) thinking that the trout will not be filling and boy was I wrong. I ended up taking my fries in a box back to the hotel for a late night snack. But both the trout and the fries were really tasty and really expensive ($31 total before tip). My friends had steaks and they liked it too. So, overall a very good food experience even though my wallet cried a little.Love this place. Ask for patio seating. The view of the Bellagio is awesome. I usually go there for breakfast. Very reasonable price for the quality of the foods and service. And the fact it's on the strip.Scrumptious-delicious Cinnamon skinny pancakes!!  My first time dining here for breakfast and I'm a fan.  I've passed it many times in the past and never paid any mind to it but after a friend recommended it as a fave spot, I had try it and boy was it worth it!  I started w/ the white egg omelette w/ turkey and Brie and though it was healthy it was like no other concoction I've ever had.  It was topped w/ a tangy avocado relish that was out of this world.  To finish we had the skinny cinnamon pancakes and it was perfection.  Just right sweetness and texture.  Will def be back every time I visit Vegas!!Right outside the Paris hotel and next to Miracle Mile.
Didn't get much food, but I can tell I already love this place.
Came in for a quick coffee & pastry run before heading to the airport.
Service was nice and fast.
Total line out the door by 10am on a Sunday.
Everyone wants to sit outside but if you're okay with sitting inside, you can get seated faster.

The croissant and muffin were excellent.  Parisian bakery.  Coffee was awesome.  Service was so nice about getting a to-go cup for a coffee refill.  Highly recommend.

Want to come back here for a longer and proper breakfast next time!Love Mon Ami (Gabi)!   Everything we ordered was really good.   French onion soup was superb; burrata cheese and salmon tartare appetizers were fantastic; steak with frites was perfectly seasoned, cooked to perfection and the banana foster crepe was the "happy ending" to our dining experience!

Bravo, highly recommend this place!My wife and I loved breakfast on Monday 4/3 so much that we returned with others from our family on Wednesday 4/5/17.  The crepes are simply among the best we've ever had.  We're hardly experts, but it was wonderful.  I had the Classic Quiche, and would love to have it again.  The Bloody Mary is a masterpiece and worth every penny.  The mimosas are terrific as well.  Service is prompt, professional and very friendly.  The ambience (both inside and outside) is great.  And the outside view of the Bellagio fountains is great.  We will be back!We had breakfast here on our last morning in Vegas, and it was excellent.  Although it was busy, our server was fantastic.  We also lucked out with a great table in the area which is open to the sidewalk.  

My husband had the eggs benedict special, which had sliced lamb shank in place of the more traditional Canadian bacon. He thought this was excellent.  He also had orange juice, which was good.  

I had the mushroom omelette, which was excellent.  I loved the jam which was served with the accompanying toast.  I also had coffee, which was never empty, thanks to our server.  

Both dishes came with breakfast potatoes/hashbrowns, which were good.This place is one of the nicest restaurants I ever visited. Food quality is excellent and the place is beautiful. Service was flawless as well. I went there one year ago and had steak and chicken for dinner and it was delicious. This time we went six people for brunch and had Benedict eggs and omelette. The smoked salmon Benedict eggs is fantastic. If you go for brunch, don't miss the Gabi's coffee blend! I would definitely come again.There isn't much to say that everyone else hasn't said already. You come here for the whole experience, the view is incredible, the servers very polite, very attentive, and being in the f&b industry, hats off to the whole staff. these guys were like a well-oiled machine. They are crazy busy, but work without breaking a sweat. lines out the door, and the patio area (which is where we sat) is extremely tight, when moving back and forth to carry dishes out to serve. I had the caramelized scallops, for some reason i was in the mood for some, and they were juicy, cooked perfect and had a great flavor to it. A downside was you only got four. I would of liked 6 maybe? not sure what type of scallops they were but i know  they can get pretty expensive, but some are also really cheap.It was accompanied by a veggie fricasse. the actual broth/cream to it was great, if I were to be so critical, my only gripe was that this was a 25$ dish, how about putting some exotic veggies in there maybe? something more than just peas and carrots. The bread/baguette was also good, accompanied with it was a type of tampanade/bruschetta consisting of shredded carrots, green onions maybe and vinegar. either way it complemented it well. The server was also nice enough to bring us a different version of the tampanade which had radish and corn, which was also very good, but i liked the carrots better. Despite the little critical things, I was impressed with everything. A great job by this upscale restaurant or should i say french bistro.Nice outdoor dining    Enjoyed goat cheese salad and excellent Bordeaux under the Eiffle TowerMy husband took me to the Paris Hotel and this restaurant to celebrate my birthday in May.

The meal was excellent.  We ate inside as it's hard to get seats outside (although it looks like a great setting on the patio.) We were on our way to see "O" so we had to stay on schedule.  

The service was excellent.  My husband had Beef Bourguignon that was delicious and I had a chicken entree equally as good.  The bread was incredible.  

Can't wait to go back.Mon Ami Gabi was definitely the highlight meal of  Vegas for us.  I have lost count of how many people I recommended this restaurant to.

We came here after a failed attempt to see the Eiffel tower due to inclement and we stopped here to grab a bite to eat.  They informed us that the wait was well over an hour long, but since we saw the great regards that were given here, we decided to wait.  She told us to come back after 30 minutes so we can receive a buzzer.  To kill time we caught the next show at the Bellagio Fountains across the street. 

We came back 30 minutes later, received the buzzer, and after walking 5 steps towards the casino, we were buzzed in.

We sat outside, where during our meal which consisted of the most amazing Duck confit to start, steak for my girlfriend, and a seafood special for myself, we were able to witness numerous shows at the Bellagio fountain.

A+++

CheersCame here for dinner with a few friends. AMAZING food. Great view of the strip. Outdoor seating is simply magnificent. Wine list is extensive and well selected.  Service was best in Vegas.. usually everyone knows your gonna go there and waste money so they are rude but, the Mon Ami Gabi staff was attentive and very respectful.

Make reservations for sure.A very nice place to go for lunch especially. The food here is very good and in the warmer month sitting outside on the Vegas Strip is quite an experience. Try the scallops! It's a bit pricy, but the location when you sit outside is very nice!By far the best restaurant on the strip. Breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner. They have everything. This is an upscale yet casual restaurant. With great food and service, and it is right in the middle of the strip.YUMMY!!!

nice view, we sat just behind the glasses that are facing the bellagio fountain.

the escargot was really good.

the filet mignon is good, we love their fries, so unique yet tasty!

the bread was delicious!I dined here with a group of 7 last Saturday night. Everyone was extremely satisfied with their entrees, which is incredible when you're in a larger party. 
We had a few starters, including escargot, and duck confit. The duck was delicious! I can't comment on the escargot because I didn't have any; but, everyone else seemed to enjoy it. The warm baguettes were also delicious.
I had the French onion soup to start. Very tasty!! For my entree I had the special, which was bacon wrapped filet mignon. It came out perfectly medium rare. Delicious! 
Our server was great as well. I believe his name was Colby, and he took great care of us!
When our bill came, we were all shocked by how low it was. Great value! I will definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas!This place does have really good food! We first came here on m birthday 2 yrs ago and I had the Poisson Du jour..which was herb crusted salmon with lemon buerre....it was divine!!

and the location is so romantic..if you go on a regular weekend. 

We dined here again last week, and I had the skate wing which was really well cooked. The cauliflower puree brought out the fish's subtle yet delicious flavor. 

It was a little too crowded for my liking, but still very good food overall.Their warm, fresh-baked (I'd think) baguettes are so good, thank the Lord they're 'bottomless.' On the menu, I especially love their french onion soup -- it's done right! The cheese is baked and toasty on top and perfectly chewy and stringy. My college friend suggested it to me the first time I dined there some years ago and I've always ordered it ever since.The wait was very short for us (less than 5 minutes to get seated, patio was 45+) & the waffles I had were...pretty freaking awesome. Crunchy on the outside & so light & fluffy on the inside. It was like a little piece of heaven in my mouth, with blueberries & butter. Atmosphere was pretty chill, service was good, not great. If the line isn't long, I would suggest going here for breakfast one day of your trip.One of the best restaurants in town for a first date.  It doesn't wreck your wallet, but the service and quality of food is stellar.  It's got a great view, and the menu just feels fancy.  If you are struggling with ideas on where to eat, make this place a top 5 choice.Amazing, delicious!  We were in Vegas for 4 days and went to this restaurant 4 times!
Warm Chicken and Brie sandwich for lunch is delicious!
Scallops dinner entree is also amazing. 

Service is top notch. By far the best service and food at reasonable prices in all of Vegas!A friend had recommended this place for lunch. I was hoping that my friend & I could get in without making reservations. It looked packed.

Since it was just 2 of us, we were able to get a table outside with no problem. I don't know if that happens all the time. But it worked out for me. 

I tried one of the day's specials. It was a cod sandwich with aioli sauce. The sandwich was great. But it was the aioli sauce that put it over the top.Make a reservation or you will wait all night!

If I could have scripted the perfect romantic date I couldn't have matched our lovely experience at Mon Ami Gabi. We made a reservation a few hours before we arrived, were seated immediately on the patio, and enjoyed an absolutely lovely meal punctuated by the Bellagio water show every fifteen minutes! 

As for the food- delicious bread and butter comes out as soon as you order; mushroom soup (vegetarian) is divine; mozzerella appetizer is good; salmon entree with mashed potatoes and mushrooms very good; ahi tuna salad can be skipped (odd amalgamation of ingredients- potatoes, tomatoes, olives...? Had to take off a star for that big miss) Overall, a great experience and worth planning!For an early breakfast on the Strip that is nice, and located in the good part of town where you wont be bothered by drunk tools drinking their huge gold bottles of red bull and vodka, you cant do better than this very nice french style bistro located in Paris. 

The prices for all brunch items are under 14 bucks, which is a real good deal for this caliber restaurant right on the Strip. Wont go into the food, because hundreds have already spilled the beans on them. I will just say that you have to request the outside patio section, and do the people watching. You are on an elevated platform, so the people shuffling by can't always hear you making fun of them. And even if they do, there is a partition separating you from the sidewalk so unless they are parkour champions, you will be safe to stare and laugh away.We've been here for a decade and finally made it over to Mon Ami Gabi today! We're vegetarian and our server was very helpful with regards to choices. My husband ended up ordering a spinach/mushroom crepe, which the kitchen made for him without any hassle. I had the mushroom quiche. We would say that the food was probably an 8/10, with the desserts both being highlights. The service was wonderful - brisk and friendly, but not overly intrusive. Solid ambiance - darker woods and a lovely sun room that lets in a lot of natural light during lunch.My Friend, Gabi! 4.5 stars for you! How wonderful & tasty you are! I reallllllyyyy wanted to give you a 5-star but my friends felt that a 4-star was more just. I am so excited that my friends and I decided to go eat steak in Vegas instead of the usual buffet. My sister was the first to recommend me to try Mon Ami Gabi and although I was hesistant, I decided to go. And man, I definitely do not regret my experience at Mon Ami Gabi!

Let's start with the atmosphere and service. The atmosphere is definitely a romantic one, and one where you're facing the Ceasar's Palace fountain. The view is amazing and even though we were sitting inside, it was still a nice atmosphere. As for the service, I thought our waitress did a really great job with us. There were 10 of us, which you can imagine how annoying it can be, and yet she was very friendly and very patient with us. Our waitress made great recommendations for us, she constantly checked up on us, and she was very patient and nice about splitting up the bills for us.

Now, let's get to the drinks, entree, and dessert. Here's everything I had and tried: Fangria (drink), Filet Mignon with merlot butter (entree), Creme Brulee (dessert), and White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Ice Cream (dessert). 

Fangria: If you've ever had gluhwein (mulled wine), this was like the best gluhwein you'll ever had. It's almost like a chilled gluhwein with just a hint of rosemary. It was a perfect beginning to our New Year's Night.

Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter: I had mine cooked to medium rare and I loved that the chef cooked it just the way I like it. There weren't any blood dripping down my plate but the inside of the steak was a bit reddish pink. Not just that, but the filet was cooked so tender with the surface a bit glazed. Also, the merlot butter is BY FAR the best sauce I've ever had with filet. It's probably the best pairing with steak and now, I know how I like my steak to taste like! 

Frites: This came as a side with my filet mignon. I can see why some people may not like their fries but it was my favorite! I'd say Mon Ami Gabi's fries comes as 2nd best fries I've ever had (after Michael Symon's Bspot's Lola Fries). These fries are really thin and really crispy. If you usually like those big fries with lots of potato or sweet potato in it, then this isn't for you. These are really thinly sliced fries with just the right amount of crunch.

Creme Brulee: SOOOOOO GOOD! I don't think I've ever had terrible creme brulee and Mon Ami Gabi's definitely didn't disappoint either. However, I think the creme brulee could've have used a little more vanilla bean extract.

Bread Pudding: meh. if anything, this might be the reason I lowered a star for mon ami gabi. The bread pudding was great, it just wasn't the best i've ever had. 

Overall, I loved this restaurant. I think it's a must try if you want to have great reasonable pricing steak and still end up with a great deal! My bill at the end came up roughly $50 (including tax and gratuity). 

Mon Ami Gabi! Thanks for a great New Year's Eve dinner.I love this place!  I've only eaten here during the day, but I love love love the outdoor patio across from the Bellagio fountains!  This is a great place to take ladies who've never been to Vegas before.  
The food is excellent (For brunch, I had the eggs benedict and some delicious coffee), and the service was efficient and friendly.  
There might be a bit of a wait to get a seat on the patio, but it's worth it.  Totally recommend.Stopped in for lunch with the better half.  

I had a reservation via OpenTable (Via the app, not the Yelp Link since I have an account and can't get points doing it here) and showed up a little early, the OpenTable thing is ONLY for indoors, Outdoors is first come first serve, so keep that in mind if you want to sit outside.  Our table was inside, but it was very close to the outside and we had a nice breeze without a lot of crazy wind blowing our food all over the place

I ordered an apparently new Menu item the Lobster Roll. It was a Lobster sandwich on Brioche bread and included some of the best "Potato Chips" I've ever had.  They looked more like Waffle Chips and were delicious!

Service was prompt and friendly and I had absolutely no complaints.  Wonderful place to stop in for a meal.Delicious French food, AND gluten-free options?!?!  Found out about this place on Yelp & wasn't disappointed.  The gluten-free waffles were light & delicious, & the Croque Monsieur (with gluten-free bread) was just as delicious.We stumbled upon Mon Ami Gabi on our last day in Vegas as we were looking for one last meal before the long flight home.  Well, sorry for the pun, but we hit the "Jackpot".  This place was awesome.  It was a hot day, but not a super hot Vegas day and we wanted to sit outside.  Only one spot was available to sit outside and it didn't have an umbrella so the hostess quickly snatched us a spot in the sun room.  You get the best of both worlds as you get to technically sit inside with the AC, but also have open doors to the Strip right in front of you.

The food was very good and made me feel like I was back in France.  We started with the Baked Goat Cheese Hors D'oeuvre and it's a very healthy portion.  For our entree we went with the Trout Almondine and the Bordelaise Steak Frites.  Both entree's were very good and left us feeling very full and satisfied before we headed to the airport.  

In addition to the great food is the great service.  Very attentive, helpful and friendly.  My wife and I can't wait to take our friends to Mon Ami Gabi the next time we are back in town.Had an excellent lunch here. Service was outstanding and the food was delicious. I had the salad nicoise and my friend had the seafood crepe. A wonderful crusty baguette was served while we waited for our food. We sat outside on the patio and watched the Bellagio fountain show while we dined. Prices were very reasonable. Highly recommend.Amazing steak! I don't really know much about the rest of the menu items, since I think 99% of our party of 20 ordered steak. I ordered the classique. Word of warning, the steaks are pounded thin, so order one level down for what you usually order (e.g. if you usually order medium, order medium rare). My medium steak was borderline medium-well, so it was a tad bit drier than I usually like. The fries that came with the steak were unique and very crispy. 

Our server was knowledgeable and patient with our huge party. It was overall a fantastic experience!Went here for brunch. 

We were seated by the patio where the whole world can see how you chew your food. Awesome. The view of passerbys (SPRING BREAK!) and the fountain at Bellagio (better at nights I can attest) is nice. 

The salad and the steak that I had is nice as well. 

I would definitely come back again. This time, more on the food rather than the view.A cute restaurant at the Paris Resort & Casino for people who are looking for decent French food, without heading to France. The ambiance is very French, as it is set up like an authentic French Bistro with beautiful high ceilings and mirrors around the leather booths. I loved the feel of the place and was excited to try the food. We decided on this place because Kelly and I decided to treat ourselves to some steak frites after a night of partying... and let me tell you, it was the best idea ever. 

Luckily for us, we were able to get a table seated outside so that we could enjoy watching the Bellagio fountains. It was nice to sit outside like we were at a cafe! The wait here can get pretty long, but I guess it also depends on where you want to sit, and how many people are you in your party. The service here was excellent and the food was delicious. The portion was so big that I was able to take some back to my room and finish it later. We both enjoyed our experience here and I can't wait until I can make it back again! Thanks for such a pleasant experience Gabi, you truly are Mon Ami!I absolutely love this French steakhouse. I have to go to Vegas often for work, which does not make me happy, but I always cheer myself up with the prospect of going here for dinner. The interior is cool, very French, lots of light, but I like sitting outside in the evening to enjoy the Bellagio fountain shows. The restaurant's patio is directly across the street from the Bellagio. Now the food: woohoo! My favorite salad is the endive salad. It is extremely fresh and flavorful. I love the filet mignon here. They typically serve it in a merlot reduction, but I prefer to get it with the butter herb sauce, which is delicious and much lighter than it sounds. The pommes frittes are perfect, thin, crispy, great seasoning. And the flavors you will find here are indeed French.Dinner here last night was awesome.  I had the baked French onion soup which was really good. My wife had the Frisée, kale and bacon salad with a poached egg on it. She said it was the best!This is a very, very tardy review of one server only.  She is Server No. 44 (that's the tag she wears), and her name is Tammy. 

 If you read my review from September 2011, you already know I'm as huge Tammy fan for her awesome service.  Fast forward to May 2012 and we're having brunch at Mon Ami Gabi.  A nice fellow is waiting on us....and I have to pause to say that every server we've been in contact with here has been super professional and on top of it...just first class.  Anywhoozle, we start in on this guy about ordering our London broil benedicts.  He goes back to the kitchen and asks if they can make this, and as the story goes, Tammy over hears him.  She says to him, "Is it a couple...did they order bellinis?"  Next thing we know, here come Tammy to our table with a super nice little surprise for my wife!  She remembered us from before and just came to say hello.....are you kidding me!!!!  She remembered what we ordered, where we sat, and that the other customers ordered the same brunch after seeing ours.  Ha!  Fantastic!!

Tammy, you are awesome......and we will ask for you when we're there for brunch in February.  Don't bother bring menus, you know what we're having!  :)My girlfriend and I were looking for a nice affordable restaurant on the strip and came across Mon Ami. We couldn't have chosen a better place! The food was excellent! I highly recommend the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with potato puree. And the chicken liver pate sounds gross but was really good too! Try to get a patio seat so you can get a perfect view of the Bellagio water show. This place gets pretty packed so a reservation is recommended. 

J'aime mon ami Gabi!I've never really been a fan of french food, but this is hands down my favorite french restaurant. I make sure to come here every time I'm in Vegas.

I've tried the beef wellington, skate wing, garlic spinach, bread pudding, lobster roll, cauliflower soup, seafood crepe, and french toast. The complimentary bread and butter are so good, I can eat it for days. I thoroughly enjoyed most of the things I tried besides the beef wellington, skate wing, and french toast. The beef wellington and skate wing didn't suit my taste. I'm not a fan of the texture of skate wing and discovered I hate capers after trying this dish. As for the french toast, I felt like it was missing something.

Service is very friendly and nice. This place is great for a romantic date or for a casual brunch. I'll be coming back very soon :D

P.S., the bread pudding is very heavy......so try sharing it with at least 3 people. The bf and I almost died trying to finish it.Steak Bordelaise with caramelized onions...super Juicy 

The steak bordelaise is the best steak on the menu by far. I've tried the bone in rib eye and it was good. But what blew me away was the steak bordelaise. I loveeee caramelized onions so when it's on anything, I really enjoy eating it. So what made the steak bordelaise was definitely the juicy caramelized onions with the steak. Great price for $25!!

What I didn't enjoy with the rib eye was probably the bernaise sauce. I felt like it tasted a little bit bland and missing something. The steak was cooked well but I would say it was probably the sauce that was just ok. Price was $40 for not so big of a steak as well. But it's good overall and I'm sure some people would really enjoy it. Just wasn't for me. I would come back for the steak bordelaise. 

Service was good. Food comes out at a decent time. And they give some small appetizers and yummy french bread. And for a formal dining restaurant. They take reservations for really big groups and really accomodating for that if you ever need to celebrate something. 

The reason why it's only a 4 star is just that there is only 1 side with the steak. Altho they give really good signature hand cut fries fried thinly and goes well with the steak. It feels like you're eating the fries for days and just get sick of it after. But overall it's a great experience!We were very lucky to score an awesome seat indoors but on the edge where it looks out at the patio and Bellagio fountains so we get the amazing view without the scorching heat.  Ambiance is so cute and chill, great for brunch.  I know this sounds super lame but the area we sat in does remind me of the outdoor seating that I had when I was in Paris- brought back the same feeling and made me miss it. So if you are looking for ambience, you can check it off your list here.

We got the steamed clams and fries to start off- very delicious! Then for entree I got a waffle and the hubby got a crepe.  Everything tasted great and light, not to mentioned that we already filled up on the warm soft table bread.  It was such a nice breezy place to start the day with a great view, highly recommend.I've ventured to Mon Ami Gabi a handful of times- one of the few places that, as a local, I enjoy going to on the Strip- & truly feel it's a place everyone should treat themselves to, at least once. When I go somewhere like, say, PF Chang's, it's generally the same experience every time. Each experience at Mon Ami has been a different vibe but all equally enjoyable. Over the years, my g.f.'s & I have joked about playing hooky & meeting there for the afternoon. I'd recommend reservations, if possible; otherwise, depending on the day/time, anticipate a bit of a wait. I've never been disappointed by the fare. Leading up to today's celebratory work lunch, I had my tastebuds set on the chicken paillard but made a last minute switch to the prime steak sandwich. Upon my 2nd or 3rd bite, I enthusiastically declared "I don't even like meat but if it all tasted like THIS, I'd love it!" There's a misconception that Mon Ami is über pricey but it's really not that much different than going to places like Outback, Cheesecake Factory, (the previously mentioned) PF Chang's, etc. The ambiance is spot-on, even when it's a packed Saturday nite, & the service is consistent. A few items to take into consideration: warm brie cheese appetizer, mussels, chicken paillard, onion soup, quiche, warm chicken & brie sandwich, prime steak sandwich & flourless chocolate cake. Go. Eat. Take in the moment. Enjoy.So we were looking for something reasonably priced with good variety and you won't go wrong here. We did make reservations but probably didn't need them for 8:00 am on a weekday but would recommend closer to 9AM if you want outdoor or window seating . Service was excellent throughout  the meal . My husband ordered eggs with bacon and I ordered the bacon, egg and cheddar sandwich on ciabatta bread. Warning it is large but SO good. The green goddess dressing is light and gives the sandwich a nice savory touch . The crepes looked delicious I'll be back to try one of those!! Next time :)My mom and I made reservations same day got the patio and everything from there was amazing. I got the filet mignon and it was cooked to perfection. even the mashed potatoes were amazing. Of course its vegas and can get pretty crazy during dining hours. But everything was right on time and we in and out. Definitely a place i'll always stop at when in vegas. Our waiter was also helpful and accommodating.This place was amazing. Patio seating allows you a really good view of the Bellagio Fountain shows. GREAT gluten free selections- they have a separate gluten free menu that included French Onion Soup WITH GLUTEN FREE CROUTONS! Also came with gluten free bread (which was just store-bought sliced GF bread, but it was still great to have with dinner). Service was exceptional. They did not allow us to bring in our own bottle of wine, which we were willing to pay corkage fee, but I guess that's just Vegas. Would definitely go here againCute French style steakhouse.  

I have been to France and this steak and fries were much better!  

I got the Caesar salad to start with.  My salad had quite a bit of dressing, but otherwise good.  

Dinner was the steak Roquefort.  Steal was cooked wonderfully medium rare.  Since it's so thin, you don't even notice.  The fries were prefect and since they were thin, they were great with the juices from the steak.  

Dessert was the Bananas Foster Crepe.  I was very full by this time so I just had a few bites.  I would say it's average.  I could probably make this one at home, but still tasty if you like bananas foster. 

Overall, in Vegas for a French fix, would probably come back.As with my usual routine, I brought my friends to Mon Ami Gabi for our last brunch before leaving Vegas. The taste of our fresh baguette and beautiful view of the sun shining on the strip was the perfect way to wake up that Friday morning. This time around I ordered the warm chicken and brie sandwich, and as always the food was divine. I'm always shocked how the menu items initially sound so simple but the food tastes like it's fit for a palace. The fries were also so delicate and free from excess oil. The whole meal was perfect!Strangely enough, I have been here twice (once each) of my last two trips to Las Vegas.  The first time I went with three members of Team Vegas and we all got steaks.  The steaks were perfectly cooked and very flavorful.  The sauces were equally satisfying and priced very well for being on the Strip.

Brunch was very good, as well.  Had tasty mussels and took a trip or two to the Bloody Mary bar.  

There is a large patio and an atrium that is full of light on a sunny day.  

For a mid-priced meal that has exceptional quality, Mon Ami Gabi is a great choice.I had Sunday brunch here with my always attractive dining companion while on a recent trip to Vegas, and it was probably the highlight of the trip.

It was a beautiful day, and we were seated outside in front of the Bellagio fountains. The atmosphere would have been worth four stars alone, but the food and service were both great. We split a breakfast sandwich and a fruit tray. Both were delicious, and the fruit tray had some of the best cantaloupe I've eaten in recent memory. We also had a couple of mimosas, which were a bit overpriced (but it's Vegas). 

Prices were quite reasonable considering the setting. I can't wait to come back and try this place for lunch or dinner next time I'm in town.The view from the patio, great customer service and delicious French inspired food combine for an all around amazing experience! 

Highly recommend the Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich. It's filled with grilled chicken, Granny Smith apples, carmelized onions and Brie. Coming back again before my trip ends for another lunch with mimosa :)If you want a nice restaurant that won't leave your wallet crying and your stomach still starving, this is not a bad place to go. Just be sure to make reservations or the wait can be quite long. Reservations only guarantee the indoor dining area, which is dim, romantic, and not conducive to Instagram pictures. If you can, though, I'd recommend the patio area so you can people-watch from a heated and equally romantic vantage point.

The boyfriend and I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, which was served with 4 large pieces of the creamiest salmon I've ever had and (maybe just a tad too much) red onions and capers atop brioche. The filet mignon merlot was definitely on the small side and probably could have done with a little less cooking, but the merlot reduction tasted amazing. What I should have gotten was the boyfriend's ribeye, which was bigger, fattier, juicier, and overall just more tasty. I was not, however, impressed with the steak frites that came with our entrees--they were paper-thin (like eating a deep fried potato peel) while I like more substance to my fries. 

Though the food was a little hit or miss, the ambiance and the attentive server who kept up with my water-guzzling boyfriend's refill needs upped my rating for this place to a 4.I have two favorite steakhouses in Las Vegas. This is one and the other is a green building that I wont mention next to MGM Grand.

Mon Ami Gabi really shines in the steaks that are served with something. I can't recall exactly what it was but I believe it was the blue cheese. The wine list here is pretty good and most of the reds compliment the steaks very well. We had a large party of 10 for a bachelor pad and the seated us quickly (without reservations) and the service was spot on.

The view is nice and romantic for couples. Inside is more where the family action is at. I always look to this as one of my defaults if I do know want to search for food. How can you go wrong with the potatoe frites and a great fillet and a red wine?My husband and I ate here last night after we went to a show. We were day right behind the patio so we had a perfect view of the water show in front of the Belagio. He ordered one of the steak options and I ordered one of the chicken options. It was one of the most delicious meals I've eaten. Will definitely go back!I came here for dinner last night. Their patio is such a great place to sit, watching people, street entertainers and the water show at the Bellagio across the street. 
I ended up waiting for half an hour for a server, but when I asked someone, the manager came right over and apologized, and later removed both the starter and the dessert from my bill. 
The food is good, the staff is friendly and the prices are ok given the location..Ask to sit outside (don't worry they have heat lamps, it won't be cold), make sure it's nighttime, wait till after 7pm. The fountains at the Bellagio go off every 15 minutes at that point. It's magical if you are a tourist. 9/10  uber drivers recommend this restaurant. The food isn't bad. The steak (22oz rib eye, medium rare) and mashed potatoes are good. The goat cheese is ok. My husband got the duck and I enjoyed it. Espresso martini was good. The loss of a star goes to the waitress who made an off hand remark here or there but we just sat through another 15 minutes of fountain time before we left as punishment. Please do yourself a favor and sit outside at nighttime and watch the fountains and lights on the strip. Good people watching too! Make all of your tourist dreams come true. I don't know how classical French the cuisine is. If you want that go to le cirque or Joel Rubuchon.We ate here for Breakfast. Food were great. BF had the quiche & I had the French Toast. I love the french toast. The only thing that I didnt like with the order is the side order of Bacon, it's not crispy but it was thick, so a bit on the chewy side. Quiche was good as well, although I prefer the Quiche at Comme Ca.  Wait Staff were excellent. Just that its weird they go by the number tag not name tag. 
We will definitely come here again.On Friday afternoon we had lunch at Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris and sat on the terrace. It was awesome. Despite low attendance pretty much everywhere in Las Vegas, due to the economy I suppose, this was the fullest restaurant we ate at (about 3/4 full).

I had a tuna burger and she had a seafood crepe. The bun was... meh, and I was expecting a tuna steak as opposed to the ground tuna I got. So beware of the tuna burger.  But the service was great and her scallops were perfect.  The bill was $46 with a coffee and tip.  Dinner is more expensive.

The location is great and the atmosphere is excellent.  Although it was in the 90's, it was not too hot to sit outside.  The terrace is mostly shaded and there is a slight water mist to cool you.  Despite my lackluster tuna burger, due to the overall experience I think Mon Ami Gabi will be our must-go for all our future visits.

Highly recommended if you aren't there with Team Dude.People always come to me to ask where to eat in Vegas that is a good meal without breaking the bank. Mon Ami Gabi is always on that list. 

The food is French Bistro. They do a great job with all the French standards. Nothing too flashy, but consistently good. The steak frites was good. Really enjoyed the cheese surrounded by tomato sauce thing. Mon Ami Gabi even does a pretty descent brunch with make your own bloody mary bar.

One thing Mon Ami Gabi has that is worth it is spectacular views of the Bellagio fountains. So try to get a seat by the street for the best view.

If Picasso across the street is way out of your price range, and you want some classic French food, Mon Ami Gabi is a solid choice.Food and service is amazing. It's pricey but it was fun to spoil myself. I will definitely come back again next visit to L.V. 

I had the goat cheese hors d'oeuvres. I forget what it was called, but it was so goodA nice average/above average French restaurant in the Paris hotel, with reasonable prices. However it ranks high because of the genuine cultural ambiance and the lack of attitude and pretentiousness along with reasonable prices, all rare in Vegas. The onion soup was good - not great but very good. The escargots were very nicely spiced and arrived sizzling hot. The "sushi grade" ahi tuna was fairly fresh although not extremely fresh and the spicing with pepper was a tiny bit off. Scallops were good although very slightly undercooked in the center. It's important to say, that all of the food was very edible and enjoyable and these are just quibbles. Espresso drinks were actually good, not the watery swill you get elsewhere in Vegas. For 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, alcohol for one, and 2 espresso drinks, the tab was $93, which I thought was very reasonable. Appetizers are around $10-12 and main entrees are around $18-22. The service was excellent and professional and quick. We got to sit on the patio and watch the fountains and the people walking by. Very fun and a break from being in a dark cavern inside somewhere. By the way we have eaten here three times and keep coming back because there doesn't seem to be another outdoor bistro quite like this on the Strip.I always love coming here. Great view for people watching, yummy foods, and great service!I was having such a hard time finding the perfect place for me, myself and I the other night while my husband was attending a conference in Vegas.  I finally decided that I'd treat myself to a little romantic view of Bellagio fountains and came upon Mon Ami Gabi.  The wait time was pretty long for a single gal, but I put my name in for the outside area with the promise of 45 minutes.  Inside seating was about the same, however after I checked in I realized they seat via open table.  I then made a reservation for 15 minutes later and when I went to the hostess, she said she could seat me at that time (which was about 30 minutes earlier than what I was previously quoted so...internet res's have priority?)

Anyway, I opted to wait the extra time just to have the view and dang it was really worth it!!  I had basically front and center to the beautiful fountain show.  I ordered a burger (I know, right?) - French cuisine isn't really my thing.  I did enjoy the carrot salad and bread and splurged on a glass of rose that was the perfect complement to my solo dining adventure.My Plus1 wanted steak. I go to YELP & there are lots of places listed for $$$$ & 3/5 rating. MAG has $$ & 4/5 rating. The rating should be higher than the $s, is how I see it. Plus MAG has that magnet patio and the weather was perfect for using it. We get in line & they give us a beeper. My Plus1 goes off to play the slots in Paris Casino. I go to the restroom. Beeper goes off in about 10 minutes and we are escorted to primo patio seating, hugging the rails separating MAG from the sidewalk. I feel GAWD D** lucky, like hitting big on slots or LOTTO! Lol

Plus1 orders Steak Merlot and I order Quiche w/bacon, 2 drinks(both for me) and Country Pate. The Quiche is perfect, light the crust barely noticeable. OMG! I get some steak from my Plus1. It's good. I take a few bites but prefer my deliciously light Quiche. Plus1 takes the steak back. :-)  No room for dessert. We finish lunch about 12:45. We had planned to eat dinner but lunch last us all day. I did not even snack later. Had a few drinks later but no more food for the day. So the $80 lunch bill does not so seem excessive at all by the end of our day. Having this experience, so cheap, made it so worthwhile. 

I "HEART" MAG!I've always wanted to enjoy brunch at a french bistro/cafe with my closest friends full of good food. Check! I found this place and my friend raved about the French onion soup. I shared a ham&cheese crepe and french onion soup and we couldn't finish it! The crepe was huge for about $10. The french onion soup was about $8 and topped with melted cheese on top (torched). Towards the end, the flavors became a little overwhelming with all the salty taste. Regardless, just don't overeat here and try to share dishes to get the most of what they offer!I had been wanting to go to Mon Ami for a while and when my dear Vanessa N suggested it for dinner, I was thrilled. We started with the Brie appetizer as suggested by our waiter (an actual French person). The roasted garlic with the cheese and the bread and the goo and the deliciousness was one of the best things I've eaten in a while. I was very sad to see it go away. I got an order of steak frites..the frites not being exactly authentic to what I've eaten  in Paris but a decent substitution. 

The dessert...berries covered in Grand Marnier....uhhhh could this BE any better? Sour cream ice cream had just the right amount of tang for the sweetness of the berries. Yum! 

What I like most about Mon Ami though is how reasonably priced it is. Sitting right on the Strip, with a view and a patio, I'd expect entrees to be in the $50 range, and ergo but somewhere I'd be dying to go. But together, appetizer, entree, dessert, tax and VERY generous tip? $50 apiece. Not bad for people watching and good food outside on LVBLVD. Très bien.Excellent place, have visited it every time I am in town. Their steaks are great and the bread to die for! Highly recommended!Arrived for breakfast at 9a, seated immediately, outside, it was a beautiful day, host very friendly, quick coffee service, French Toast with Blueberry Syrup was amazing great thickness but not too thick; not gooey but not dry; really awesome; My husband got the breakfast sandwich and a side of bacon; They were both fantastic also; If we return to Vegas we will definitely be going back for breakfast here!!!Make a reservation and you'll be seated immediately. Amazing food. Filet Mingon is to die for. The sauce, out of this world. Couldn't be happier. Perfect view of the Bellagio fountain at night for a lovely meal.Delicious food!!! I cant say enough, everything was amazing, we ordered the oysters du jour and the Classic Steak as our main courses. The oysters were so flavorful and just writing about them makes my mouth water, the same can be said about the steak which melted like butter with every bite! The food was paired with wines and the seating that we had was on the balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountain. All in all it was a wonderful night.EXCELLENT food combined with friendly and prompt service makes this place one of the best restaurants on the strip.  Get there early 'cause it gets busy quick!! They open for breakfast at 7 am.  I know it's a bit unusual to think about coffee while reviewing a French restaurant but they have some of the best around, it's why I started going and only one of the reasons I keep going back!!Recently, during a one-night trip to Vegas, the patio dining area of Mon Ami Gabi caught our attention as we neared the Paris Hotel during an evening walk on the Strip. The ambience seemed inviting and, after taking a quick look at the menu outside, we decided to have dinner there. After waiting about 15 minutes, our buzzer went off, and we were escorted through a large dimly lit dining room, ranging from families with children to couples on a romantic date. We were seated at a table in the outdoor patio area under a large heat lamp that was attached to a fixture high above our heads. Usually, I am cold even with a heat lamp on a chilly night, but I was kept comfortably warm by this one. It definitely helped to have it right above us instead of on a big stand next to our table. It was also really nice to see the fountain show across the street at the Bellagio. None of the unsavory aspects of the Strip (ie: strip club cards strewn all over the streets) were a part of our view.

We received a warm french baguette inside a paper baguette bag, along with some butter and a plate of what I would describe as grated, raw carrots tossed in some sort of vinegary seasoning. I ate some of it with the deliciously crusty french bread, but am not quite sure how it really went with the bread. After essentially wolfing down our first baguette, we asked for another one, when each ordering our saumon au poivre (peppered salmon), which they brought to us right away. (Yes, we had the audacity to ask for a third baguette later. Hehe. So good.) 

The saumon au poivre was served on a bed of mashed cauliflower, which was deliciously creamy, and has now made me prefer it over mashed potatoes. (first time eating it) The salmon was cooked perfectly, and we both enjoyed eating the tender fish immensely. I asked for the butter rouge (red wine butter) that typically is drizzled over the salmon on the side so that I could control the amount I ate, but it didn't end up mattering, as I consumed it all. The red wine reduced into the butter created such a deliciously flavorful sauce that I dipped both my salmon and french bread into it generously. (One reason for the third baguette....) Oh, how I loves that butter rouge...

We had two waiters attend to every aspect of the meal promptly, without hovering. It was a nice evening meal for our night in Vegas.At a bill for two topping out at $70 with at least 20% tip.

The appetizer we went with was the baked brie with a crispy pita like bread. You can't go wrong with brie.

I had the scallops. 5 plump scallops arranged. Was delectable.

My duo had the french version of the fish and chips. Which was a big piece of baked breaded chicken with a side of part thin slivered potatoes. It was ok.If you have a gluten allergy and are in Vegas, mon ami gabi is your new favorite place. Get the gluten free banh mi. You're welcome.Went here awhile ago and I miss this place.  It's the best place I've eaten by far in Vegas.  

I wanted  to go to a french restaurant that doesn't charge so much $$$$.  Looked up in yelp and decided to come here. 

We ordered:

French onion soup - I had better soup somewhere else but this was also really good! 

Rib eye steak with fries - fries was nothing to rave about, but the steak was the best I've ever had and the sauces on the side was just amazing. I usually don't like to use sauce with my steak but wow it was so good. The best Rib eye steak. I love Rib eye steak.  I normally eat my steak with horse radish yummy.

Banana crepe Foster? - OMFG really? I can not believe how good this crepes were. I'm not that into crepes.  I haven't had crepes at many places, but I believe this is the best crepe ever! The sauce was to die for. We wanted to lick the plate lol =p......

I wish we went here the pass few times while  in Vegas =(

The service was good. The lady was pleasant. Everything was great! Love this place.

I want to go back! This is one of the best meal I've ever had anywhere that I've been to. Why does it have to be so far away.THE BEST, and I mean it, MY FAVORITE restaurant in Las Vegas, no comparison. We stumbled onto this jewel while yelping. Its directly across the street from the Ballagio. You can watch the fountain show while you eat, which is what we did. Everything about this place is deserving of five stars. The ambiance, the food,service, location, and view. The escargots are  a must have. Try them, just try them. Whether you like snails or not, try the escargots here. They are out of this world good. And the steak fries, unbeatable for the price. The steak was unbelievable delicious. Tender, and seasoned to perfection. The frites are crispy and perfectly fried. The servers are awesome. If in Vegas, this is a MUST TRY! Its the best bang for your bucks you'll find.Escargots as an app-5 stars!! Garlic parsley butter is so delicious! Comes sizzling hot and only 6. I hella dip my bread in it. 

Scallops entree- 4 stars , wish mine was cooked 30 secs longer.

Bf had- skate wing entree- not a fan. Thought it was weird n I didn't know much about it. It's lightly breaded n served whipped cauliflower n something else.

Would I recommend this place n return here again? Yes! Great location, great food, n great service.

Tips: sit outside the patio which is first come first serve. U cannot make a reservation. We waited 20 mins for a table on a Monday a little before 10 pm.This place is so ritzy! It's awesome, very gourmet, and french (I love the french). 

I went here for breakfast and ordered the Slow-Braised Beef Eggs Benedict, it was fantastic. So fresh, beautifully presented, and plainly incredible. 

I sat on the patio right off the strip, it was such a great setting, great vibe, a freaking great time. 

A bit pricey, but you pay for what you get and here you get it all. Amazing service, Delicious food, Beautiful decor, and Great people watching.Brought my gf here to surprise her.  Our first time.  Love the view, but not a fan of their service (well one of the waiters that barely served us).  Host was lovely and the table was in well view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our first waiter, introduced us to their wine list and brought us some water.  Then the second waiter (probably lost) heckled us on what to drink even though I tried explaining that we have been helped already.  We ordered the Seafood Plater.  Very well done, but took longer than expected.  Our 3rd server had to come and let us know that they are behind (even though we came in at 11pm).  Lobster was well presented, shrimps were huge, and oysters were very fresh.  I hope it was just an off day on service, but still giving them 4 stars for the view and food.The food here was delicious! I went here with a large party for a bachelorette brunch. Service was good and prompt even though we had to wait for the rest of our party to arrive. Got the mushroom, chicken, and brie crepe as well as the mussels to share. The half portion of mussels was actually very large with a lot of mussels for only $11.95. Also sampled my friend's butternut squash quiche which was yummy as well. The french onion soup had a very strong onion flavor and was loaded with cheese on top so that is a good item to order if you like french onion soup. Their fries are good too - kind of flat but wavy. My other friends ordered the seafood crepe which looked great as well with large pieces of succulent shrimp. Other girls had the steak which is the same cut but comes covered with different sauces depending on what you feel like. Didn't get to try a bloody mary but they had this awesome bloody mary bar where you can deck out your drink with whatever you please!From the French bread to the decor, I felt like I was back in Paris! Add guerre to the burger au poivre and you'll be shocked at how refreshing a burger can be!One time I was in Vegas with some friends and we had one of our dinners in this restaurant. There were 4 of us. The ladies who I was dining with are all extraneous about their figure, but they wanted still to enjoy a wonderful meal. First my best friend ordered her food and she wanted her meal to be cooked without oil. I was thinking, ok here we go, some complicated orders... The other two ladies told the server that they would order one filet and wanted to split it, and one wanted hers cooked medium and the other wanted hers medium well, and also cooked without oil. By this time I was hanging my head in shame and became nervous that the server would protest in some way. He said, "that's the best idea I've ever heard, excellent choice." He made us, especially the ladies, feel like they were on top of the world, and that we smelled like a bouquet of roses. 

I returned a year or 2 later, but to the restaurant upstairs. After the server took my order, all of the sudden, by the way I was feeling, I recognised the sensation. Again, I was at the top of the world, I was the best customer ever, and I smelled like roses. Impeccable, outstanding service from both Paris Hotel restaurants.I came here for a big group of people for my friends birthday! The ambiance was amazing and intimate, but needless to say we were probably the loudest group of teenagers in that restaurant! (no one scolded us for that though). While were were waiting to order dinner, we got loafs of warms & soft bread with butter, and some radish pickle-like dish (with vinegar) that had a great taste!

I'd have to say, it is really reasonably priced for this restaurant being located in Vegas and being a fancy French place at that. For dinner, I got the salmon on a bed of quinoa with lemon sauce. It was a delicious piece of salmon and the lemon quinoa went perfectly with it!

For dessert, we got some French dessert (any ideas what it is called?) - which was delicious! Overall, great service, food & ambiance! I'd definitely make it back here in the future!I had the most amazing meal at Mon Ami Gabi with my girlfriends! Our server (Louis or #67) was amazing and ever so accommodating. Imagine 4 girls with a million questions about the wines and menu?!?!? Most servers would get really impatient, but not Louis he took his time to answer our questions and make sure that we thoroughly enjoyed our meal. 

I had the escargot as a starter and the hanger steak with the Macaroni gratin. Can I say that I am craving that meal again.. like right now. Writing this review is making my mouth salivate like no other! Every bite of that meal was to die for. Everything was prepared perfectly and not a step was missed.

I highly recommend this place and I totally recommend sitting out on the patio to watch the water show at the Bellagio. Its a total romantic place for you and your boo or a great place to have a fine dining experience with your girl girlfriends. 

Can't wait to visit Vegas again and try their other menu items!!!!Came here on Friday 10/21/11 during my honeymoon... We put our name on the waiting list around 9:00pm and was told we would have to wait 2.5 hours to get a seat on the patio. We REALLY wanted to experience eating here, so we didn't mind waiting. We checked back in at 9:45pm and they were able to seat us! My hubby and I got a table right along the patio edge, and it was amazing! We were able to see the fountains at the Bellagio across the street. I LOVED my experience there! We ate a fancy burger, and had a couple of drinks with a romantic setting, and it all was very reasonable price! I will definitely go back again when I visit Vegas.Went here this past weekend. It's a great place. The only complaint I have about this place is the lack of vegetarian options in general, but I just blame that on the french. The view of the Bellagio fountain from this place is really nice. We sat in the area that's between outdoor and indoor seating with large glass windows to allow for the view and the sunlight. The other negative for this place is the long wait for outdoor seating (and they don't accept reservations for those. It's on a first come, first serve basis), but we were quite satisfied with the placement of our table. Try the fries and the vegetarian special that's not on the menu which is an open mushroom sandwich with a poached egg on top. The spinach quiche I hear is quite good but since I'm not a big quiche person, I didn't enjoy it very much. For dessert, their profiteroles are amazing!Delicious and a wonderful place to have  dinner. 
The steak au poivre  was superb and my wife had the steak with the merlot wine sauce. 
You won't be disappointed.Eat It OR Beat It?
**EAT IT!!**

Las Vegas... Sin City... the gambling and promiscuous capital in the world... oh WAIT, it's also the city where the best restaurants in the world come together! Located just outside of the Paris hotel, Mon Ami Gabi has some of the best spectator views on the strip with abundant outdoor seating and cozy indoor seating. Enjoy an entree of steak and frites (steak and fries) or indulge yourself in their wonderful french onion soup. As you walk pass the giant Eiffel tower, it's difficult to miss this restaurant. It's usually crowded throughout the day, but it's certainly worth the wait especially if you aren't looking to dine in the $$$$ range until later into your trip. 

CONCLUSION:
Prices are very reasonable (15-25) for Vegas standards, great people watching, spacious restaurant layout, and 3.5 food, 4 ambiance, 5 star prices... making it 4 stars in my book! So I say, EAT IT!!!We eat here 3-4 time a year whenever we are in Las Vegas.  They are open for breakfast now, so that is an ideal time to sit on the patio, as they don't take reservations on the patio and you can wait hours at dinner to get a seat outside, but the view of the Bellagio Fountians is worth the wait.  The breakfast is upscale offerings with homemade country bread.  The steaks at dinner are wonderful, we miss the Crab Cakes -  please put them back on the menu.  There is also 2 bar areas where you can sit at the counter and have dinner or appetizers.  Service is always right on and food is also.Make *sure* you have breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi while in Vegas -- A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. I think the best breakfast I have ever had. I mean ever. A bright, sunny, cool Christmas morning and we sat outside under the heatlamps. Perfect. The seating indoors was very French, but too dark for my liking. Especially for breakfast.

The service came with a smile, but was a little slow. Fine with me, though, as we weren't in a rush. I had french toast, eggs, and bacon. Toast was topped with almost frozen blueberries and once dipped in the warm maple syrup, just melted in my mouth. Divine. The bacon was sinfully good. Oy. You must go!

P.S. My mother had a bloody mary and she said it was the best she had ever had!I had the oatmeal which tasted like steel cut oats & my daughter had the blueberry waffles. Oh my, absolutely amazing! The portion was very generous & filling. I, also, had the Pear Ginger Mimosa. It was so refreshing! The service was awesome! They were always ready to help with anything! I'll definitely be going back on my next trip to Las Vegas.We loved this restaurant!  The food was excellent the service second to none the street view super fun.  People had warned us that you can't get a bad meal in Vegas and honestly we found this to be true!  We loved everything about this restaurant!Great views and good quailty grub and not too expensive considering you're in the heart of the Strip.  Bellagio fountains right in plain sight make it 5 Stars!

Even as a local, I'll go back again!My all time favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! As a local, I always take my out of town company here and they never disappoint! Sit on the patio!came here on a sunday night for a friend's bday. we couldn't decide what to eat so we went on yelp to find restuarants. we narrowed the list down my the ratings and price range. came across Mon Ami Gabi inside Paris Hotel. 4 stars, a french rest, & with 2 dollar signs!  so we decided to check this place out.  Forgot to call in for reservations, always call in advance for reservations by the way (it's crowded!) we came in at 730pm, for a party of 8, we waited for 30 min which wasn't too bad. We were glad we chose the outside seating. the view was amazing. we had the table right in front of Belagio water show. very nice seating. Most of us ordered either the new york steak or filet mignon- my friends had no complaint of the food. I ordered the salmon with spinach and walnuts- amazing!  I asked the waitress do they have anything special for my friends' bday, towards the end, she brought out a plate of vanilla ice cream cake, free of charge too. The only thing I wasn't too fond of was that it seemed like they were rushing us out.  We got the table around 815, and left before 10p.  The price is extremely decent for the quality of food. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!Great food, love the mushroom crepes.  The inside restaurant has a lovely atmosphere.  Dining outside is a perfect people watching experience as you are directly on Las Vegas Blvd, the only problem is in the summer it is so hot outside.I've probably walked by this place a dozen times, and always thought about trying out the food, but generally got dissuaded by the super long lines during the spring, summer and fall. During Christmas week at 5pm however, the place was a ghost town so we were able to be seated right away.  The first thing you notice right away the awesome views of the Bellagio fountains. We opted to sit inside vs outside considering it was around 40F outside but we did notice some brave souls bundled up on the patio.
Menu is a great classic american-french menu. We decided to start with the chicken liver mousse and duck confit. Both came out quick and were prepared perfectly. For our mains, everyone but me ordered the rack of lamb special while I got the full order of mussels. It did take a little long for our dishes to come out, however during the entire time the manager and our server were always keeping us up to date. The apologized over the fact that the standard time was 22min and it had been 32min since they had to re-start one of the lamb dishes.. We all were happily enjoying our wine and it was really no big deal, but we appreciated their attention to detail.
Once our food did come out, we all were blown away with just how great each of our dishes were (well except for one person)
My mussels were cooked perfectly, almost all of them had popped open , and the broth was rich extremely flavorful. Like other people have mentioned, the fries are sliced flat which gives them a unique texture.  
My friends all really enjoyed their lamb, they were done just right, not too tough and not undercooked. As for the one person in our party who thought their lamb was overcooked, that problem was easily taken care of by our manager and server. It was whisked away and replaced by filet mignon.
To wrap up the night we got the creme brulee and chocolate mousse.  If you're a chocolate fan, I would highly suggest the mousse. Its rich, but not overwhelmingly rich in chocolate. It's topped with dozens of little chocolate balls which gives a satisfying crunch with every bite of the mousse. The creme brulee had the perfectly caramelized sugar top with a smooth and silky custard underneath. 
For the biggest surprise of the night, when the bill came the lamb, filet mignon, and the desserts were all taken off our bill!
Outstanding food and service and definitely on our list of places to come to again.This place was better 4 years ago when I was there.  There appetizers better than their main dishes.  Got to have the escargot and the oysters.The pictures people are posting does not do this place justice.  This place should ONLY get 5 stars if you order the Ribeye steak (that was all I tried).  It is the most amazing steak I have ever had IN MY LIFE!  At $40 I would normally think it is overpriced for the taste, but not here!  The steak was tender, melts in your mouth and has great flavor embedded in each bite.  There wasn't too much fat and the marbling was perfect!  If there is one restaurant you eat at in Vegas and you want great flavorful food, eat at Mon Ami Gabi.  Ah-Maz-Ing!

Oh and reserve your table online through yelp.  It was great to just walk up while everyone else had to wait!We stopped here for lunch and this place was packed! They started us out with fresh warm bread. We split the merlot steak frites which was great and the recommendation of the server. I did expect more French-type options on the menu and was not expecting the steak as their best recommendation...perhaps dinner is the time to go? Overall it was good.Been a couple of times, once for dinner once for lunch. Lunch was the more recent visit and I ended up doing Steak Frites. 

I love French and this place is quite good at it, though not in a way that makes me jump for joy everytime. I think the best thing this place has going for it is the view, clearly. 

The food itself is fine, but their steak frites weren't cooked properly (over cooked, no biggie...but hey, this is Vegas at a place known around the world) . The fries though, those were damn good. 

Wait staff was decent enough, though getting drinks refilled was kinda a challenge.

Mon Ami Gabi is a great Vegas spot for just about anyone; fancy enough and well known enough to warrant a visit...but its not exactly amazing when it comes to the food. Still good to go for a decent meal.My all time favorite place to take any and all guests when they visit Vegas. Opt for a table outside. Wait the wait if you have to. This is the quintessential streetside cafe in Vegas. The people watching is spectacular, plus the view of Bellagio fountains ain't too shabby either...

Regarding the food. It is good standard French fare. Not a whole bunch of veggie items, but enough to keep you interested. I always frind things to eat off of the sides menu. And the chefs are very accommodating.Our view of the fountains of Bellagio was perfect! I got the seafood medley special of the day. It was ok. The steak frites tasted good. The frites tasted authentic. The banana foster crepe tasted good. I liked the experience. Waiter seemed tired but it was a busy night.Ahhh the staff here are so wonderful! We got here around noon and the hostess checked if they still served eggs benedict for us, since breakfast technically ended at 11am, and they did! 

We were promptly seated at the patio, as requested. And then they helped us find a new table when it began to rain. Both our servers (we got a new one when we were re-seated) were so nice! 

They really brightened up a gloomy day. There are only a handful of restaurants I've been to with staff like that! 

Now on to the food. We, of course, ordered the eggs benedict and an eggs florentine. After all, breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Even in the afternoon. 

Both come with hash browns and were done well. A pretty standard breakfast for my taste. 

Honestly, food aside, I would highly recommend this place for a date on the strip. Pretty much everything on the strip is owned by a major corporate company, including Mon Ami Gabi, but it has a nice french cafe feel to it and wonderful staff to make it feel more special and personalized than anywhere else I'd been. 

I'm sure you can't go too wrong with lunch or dinner here either. Fresh hot baguette, brought to your table, is a delicious plus!One word: BRUNCH. The eggs Benedict is simple and delicious. Hit up the Bloody Mary bar and create your own. Request to sit outside & watch the Bellagio water show across the Strip. Mon Ami Gabi gets just about everything right. Service is quick & polite. Note they won't seat you until the entire party is present. That goes for large parties all the way down to two people.The view at Mon Ami Gabi is hard to beat.  We ate there for breakfast on a Sunday and just barely made it before the 11am cutoff for breakfast.  I got the Eggs Flourentine which were delicious.

We had to wait about 15 minutes to sit outside on the patio even though I had made a reservation and requested outside seating.  But other than that, the service was very good.  

Best part was definitely the view when you're sitting outside.  I would go back.midnight rezzies at mon ami gabi.  be sure to request a view of the ooh-ahh bellagio fountain show.  the best seats are out in the patio.

fresh and warm french baguettes for bread.

it was too hot for french onion soup although i really wanted to try some.  instead, i went with the hanger steak.  i'm not a fan of matchstick fries but i was so hungry that i ate the lot.  the hanger steak was overcooked but still tender.

overall a solid spot for dinner with a view.This has been my favorite restaurant since I moved to Las Vegas 6 years ago.  I eat there 3 to 5 times a year.  The filet mignon is amazing!!!! It practically melts in your mouth.  I have loved everything I have ever had at Moni Ami from soup, salad, entrees to dessert and drinks.  I once tried their mac and cheese just because it seemed like a funny thing to order.  Now, we order it regularly.  The best mac and cheese I have ever tasted!  My favorite dessert is their bread pudding, it is served warm, usually with a delicious vanilla sauce.  It is like nothing I have ever tasted.  They also have good drinks like Frangria and mojitos.  The service is always great.  Mon Ami never disappoints!  Love!!!This is a really great place to eat at when you visit Vegas.  We ate there twice in 3 days !  The first time I went there, I had the grilled salmon and spinach salad.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and the blend of salad ingredients and the citrus dressing was balanced so well that no flavor was over powering.  I also tried the brussels sprouts; I am not a big fan of brussels sprouts, but these were delicious.  They were cut in small pieces and were ever so tasty.  The second time we went there to celebrate a friends' birthday - there were 16 of us for Sunday brunch.  I was able to try food from other people's plates and everything was good.  Someone at our table ordered the fish and frites and I was fortunate enough to try a small piece of the fish.  It was fried, but not greasy and it had a wonderful flavor.  The baked cheese was interesting; it was a hunk of cheese sitting in tomato sauce.  It was warm and tasty and spread over garlic bread really well. I order the grilled salmon and spinach salad again and it was still fantastic.  I would definitely go there again the next time I visit Vegas !Once we got past the hostess, everything was great. We ordered the Steak au Poivre and scallops. The steak was delicious, cooked perfectly the way I ordered it. Scallops were large and had a nice golden sear to them. The Creme Brulee was good too. 

Great location on the strip. Make sure you sit on the patio if available! This place gets extremely busy, so expect long wait times if you don't have a reservation. We had one and still had to wait quite a bit, no biggie though, we really enjoyed our meal.My husband and I really enjoyed our dinner here. Service was awesome, we had a gentlemen with a French accent ( I do not remember his name) but he was so nice and helpful! We had the seafood platter (of course it was yummy and we felt it was reasonably priced) Chicken liver mousse (amazing) the server recommend it over the Pate. we had the trout and mussels for our entree and both were really yummy! My husband had two beers and total was $150... great deal for the service, food and view. thank you for a nice meal on our last night in Vegas!BEST GLUTEN FREE BREAKFAST EVER!!!!
They have gluten free waffles (you have to ask for a special request and they will make them for you as they are not listed on the gluten free menu) but they were AWESOME - check out the pic!!!!A wonderful outdoor dining table and cheerful waitstaff complete with delicious food with no details spared transported us to Paris. Perfect!Today we ate a late lunch at Mon Ami Gabi, translated as "My Friend Gabino". We made a reservation for 2:15 PM, and due to traffic and backed up valet getting into Paris Hotel, we were running late. The resturant was very understanding and did seat us right away. While I would've preferred an outdoor seating area, it would've been a 35-45 minute wait. The Resturant did seat us window side so we could still see the beautiful view of the Bellagio Fountains. I enjoyed our enthusiastic server, and food was delicious. I usually don't finish my food, but instead I licked the plate clean! My boyfriend had the ham and cheese crepe while I had the Skate Wing and French Onion soup. Everything was so flavorful and combination of food and ingredients went great together. My birthday ice cream cream puff was decadent! I should've saved room for the Chocolate/ Candy store, Hexx next door, but our meal was worth it! I highly recommend this place and I look forward to coming back for brunch!Yum! I went for brunch and had the butternut squash and leek quiche and shared a fruit platter with my friends. Both were awesome!Best steak frites I've had! We came in November and it looked pretty packed. I was expecting a long wait but we were seated immediately inside. 

I got the peppercorn one and boyfriend got the Merlot steak. The steaks were seasoned well and cooked just how we asked. The fries were thin, long, and cooked to a perfect crisp without any unnecessary reused grease flavor- you know what I'm talking about! We also got the house special pate. I rather enjoyed it. The bread here was just the right balance of crispy and chewy. None of that over baked, roof-of-mouth scratchiness. The pate was hard, in that it wasn't mushy like cat food. You have to cut it. It comes with capers, some greens, pickles, onions (I think). It's something you should try if you go there, the quality exceeds other pates I've had.This French place has been around since the time I started coming to Vegas and enjoying it! The prices are extremely reasonable and the food is ALWAYS consistently delicious! Service is great too. I am so happy to know they have a special gluten-free menu for those with gluten allergies. They even make gluten-free bread and croutons in house! 

I had the mussels as my entree and my friend Kim had shrimp cocktail. Love it!Came here for a late breakfast while staying at the Paris.  Mix of healthy options --- egg white omelettes and fruits, as well as more decadent ones like egg benedicts and big, fresh muffins.  Service was great, food and coffee was good and portions are massive enough to share.  Snag a table on the heated patio for great people and Bellagio fountain watching action - as well as an experience that truly makes you feel like you are seated in a nice French bistro.  

Only things that keep this place from another star is that even though it is part of the Paris hotel - it is somehow independent - so purchases don't count towards your travel rewards.  The chicken sausage - while it may be healthier doesn't taste very good - so avoid that one. And like seemingly almost all the places on the strip they only serve Pepsi (no Coke) products... what's up with that???Love this place! Dined here on Christmas Day and it was excellent. They were extremely busy and handled it very well. Make sure to make a reservation, even though we did, there was a long line just to check in. We got seated on the patio and we had a perfect view to see the foundation show (3x heh) and they had the heaters out to keep you warm. Our waiter was great, he knows the menu very well and made good recommendations. First we got the complimentary baguette-reminds me of my time in Paris, very crispy and soft! The pate was heavenly! It was a good portion and we ate the entire baguette and pate! Our entrees was the pasta and beef Wellington (better than in London) both delicious. Only downside of our meal was the dessert. Forgot what it was called but it was a hard sponge cake with chocolate sauce and ice cream. We could have skipped it. 

Can't wait to go back to Vegas to eat here again. I want to try brunch next!My bf n I had romantic V-day dinner hare n we had wonderful meal...all the staff were super nice! Since I only drink on special occasion the bartender made up a cocktail for me it was very delicious his name was Adrian he was very cool ;) French onion soup was to die for we had filet mignon n fries (fries were little too salty for me but, very flavorful though..) we sat by the window so we got to see the Bellagio fountain show too! We'll come back to check out brunch menu next time with family!I had nothing bad to say about eating here! We came on a Saturday morning with no reservation, got in in around 20 minutes when we were told 40. Seated right on the edge outside so we could see the Strip which was awesome! Great fresh squeezed juice, hubs and I both ordered eggs benedict for breakfast which were wonderful, perfect poached egg, and delicious canadian bacon! And our waiter was so friendly and great!Yes, this is super touristy but the food is actually good and not super expensive either so I liked the place. The terrace facing the Bellagio falls is first come first serve seating only so you'd have to wait an hour or so for those seats. Inside it feels more like a French brasserie. We shared the Brie starter and I had the seared scallops while my bf had the Beef Wellington. The food is quite good. And the wine list is very much reasonably priced so we ordered a bottle. Over all a good option for a restaurants within a casino.this place is above avg.  very busy all the time.   hopefully you go when the weather is good and sit on the patio and people watchGet the mixed berry waffles. They will change your life.  The place is pretty cool too.I've eaten here twice for breakfast on the patio. The food is good & so is the service. On our last visit, my husband had the beef bourguignon eggs benedict special, & I had the croque madame w/ pomme frites. Both were really good. I also had the orange chocolate chip muffin, which I loved. The restaurant is a great place to eat for a fantastic view of the strip. Go early in the morning for a fantastic & weather friendly breakfast outside!Found this place on yelp and am glad. It was right in front of the Bellagio hotel we were staying at and we were able to see the water show a few times. We ordered tomato soup+goat cheese w/ garlic bread and the beef pasta. I honestly, was hesitant on ordering the soup+goat cheese because I have had goat cheese one time and it was disgusting, but my bf wanted to order it and I was so surprised it was delicious! Beef pasta was amazing as well, the meat was SO tender; falling off the bone tender. Wow!
Our water cups were always getting refilled, our waiters were very nice, and while we sat at the very corner of the outside patio which I wasn't sure if I would like it or not, it was nice to not have people always walking around because we were at the corner and had our own little area. 
I will be coming back to try their other dishes next time we are in town!Awesome location, super-professional yet warm and friendly staff who provide wonderful customer service, great prices (especially for the entire experience) and last but not least: phenomenal food. 
I highly recommend the baked goat cheese and mussels mariniere - this will fill you up without making you go into a food coma. If you want something heavier, you can't go wrong with any of the steaks - delish!My husband and I went here for lunch and was immediately impressed with the décor. While we didn't get a seat outside, we found the inside table and ambience to be charming. We had some great champagne cocktails and a French  sangria cocktail, both excellent. The olive tapenade and the honey brie appetizers were yummy and my crepe was outstanding. We shared the chocolate bar dessert and that was great as well. Service is competent and friendly. We will definitely be back!Loved Mon Ami Gabi! The view of the water show in front of the Bellagio was pretty great as well... Of course the company I had was the highlight of the dinner... But the food was delicious as well! I had the salmon and kale ceaser plate and wasn't disappointed! I also found the glass of Risling really great. Ask for patio seating... It's worth it. I will definitely be back!I dined on Saturday night before a show. I chose the Scallops, which were very good. My sweetheart chose the Ribeye and was very impressed. This restaurant is set up to look quaint and homey. Great experience!I love this place. I come here every time I'm in Vegas. There's a great view of the fountains and it's always great weather. So why not?

Anyway, the food is always delicious and service is spot on. We got some eggs benedict and .. I can't remember what everyone else had but .. YUMMY! The lunch here is great too. 

One thing is that while being my birthday breakfast, I wish that they had something special for those occasions. But aside from that? I'm a fan.The view here from out front is fantastic if you can put up w/occasional smokers passing by. They have outdoor heaters. The interior is very nice, a bit louder however. I'd love to come back. My scallops were much larger than typical French fare. They came over a very scant serving of delicious spaetzle that had me searching beneath scallops for more. Many recommend the steaks, & had I not enjoyed a 5 lb breakfast that day, I could surely have reviewed one for you. My friend was blown away by the cauliflower purée that came w the salmon (another giant Vegas sized portion).Excellent service!  The steak and fries were absolutely delicious.  

The french onion soup was also good, but it was a bit lukewarm.During our last visit to Vegas, we were told that they're open for brunch now. We had to try it. Really really good food!  We love Mon Ami a little more now that they offer my favorite type of meal here!!  Sometimes they get a bit slow with so many patrons trying to get their grub on at the same time but I don't mind it. I just drink a little more and try to enjoy glimpses of the Bellagio fountain in between those horrendous nudy bus ads. It's one thing to be reminded that you don't have that body but it's another thing when you're reminded of the fact and you're about to stuff your face with food.From Wikipedia, "Snail is a common name for almost all members of the molluscan class Gastropoda that have coiled shells in the adult stage. When the word is used in a general sense, it includes sea snails, land snails and freshwater snails. Otherwise snail-like creatures that lack a shell (or have only a very small one) are called slugs."

Snails, or in the case of Mon Ami Gabi, escargot were NEVER something I thought I'd let cross my lips... until after a few too many mimosas, I got teased into ordering them here.

They were, in a single word, outstanding.  (I do suppose, however, that anything is superb when prepared with enough butter and garlic.)  

The rest of my brunch here was also spectacular but it paled in comparison to my experience trying snail.

Like everyone else said:  beautiful views of the Bellagio fountains, etc.

I will certainly return here many times.Dined here on a recent trip to Vegas.  Just walked in - no reservation - no problem!  We sat inside - it was too clammy outside for me.  Service was great, food was fabulous and the wine was divine!  Cant wait to go back.They have gluten free french onion soup and it is delicious!

This restaurant does actually feel like a nice restaurant in Paris FR just less cramped and with more reasonable pricing. 

A warning on ordering gluten free- ask obsessively about every last item brought to you. This is a busy place and communication isn't as thorough as you may be used to so keep your guard up. 
Less importantly, when they say that you get gluten free bread it is infact just a couple of slices of toast. It's good for premade - Udi's quality if not Udi's itself, so enjoy.

My reason for giving 4 stars and not 5 is that the serving sizes are inconsistent. You'll have to look at other people's orders to see if the main course is enough or if you need to add an appetizer. Entrees are $18-$35 apiece. Appetizers I recall being around $10Great food at "reasonable" prices for Vegas all while allowing you to watch the Bellagio fountain show. This was the best meal I had in Vegas last time including a couple at Wynn and Bellagio. The food alone is worth the trip, but when you add the fact that you can get that sidewalk french cafe feel overlooking the Bellagio water and that its priced at about half of many comparable meals, it all ads up to this being my favorite spot in Vegas. Go, you won't regret it!Went in for lunch on a Sunday Good thing we has reservations because it was a 1 hour wait.
Ambience was casual. We sat in the back patio where a bar is and it was lovely.
I had the seafood crepe (delightful to the palate and oh so fresh) and the French onion soup (Oh Mah Gawd)..Sooooo yummy!
The food was presented beautifully and the service was above par- I did not have to ask for anything.
I also had their sangria which is so crisp and fresh.

Had zero complaintsI've dined here a few times but still no review???? Well, here it goes....Every time my friend (who is also a chef) comes to town, we always meet up here and we get our usuals. He gets his Steak Av Poivre, I get my Escargot app, and my Hanger Steak with Merlot Butter.

On this recent visit, we dined with another couple (who are also chefs)
They had never been here before, and when they asked for suggestions
(and we all knew this was coming) Our waitress, thinking we were just your typical tourists naturally upsells the more pricier steaks to them, adding that the hanger steak is way more tougher, and she suggests the Filet Mignon instead...Our whole table just gave each other "the look"....Husband finally decides on a grilled chicken and veggies because he's trying to watch his red meat intake. His wife orders the Hanger Steak as well.

Everyone enjoyed what they ordered, and when it came to desserts, we just let our waitress do her littlte dessert shpeel (even though we were gonna check out the pastry shop instead) If you could only see the expression on her face when she found out she was serving a table of chefs....Classic!...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(20/365) "Trying to con a Chef's Table"Absolutely delicious EVERYTHING.  

We came here for Saturday morning breakfast... and had no problem being seated with our reservation for 9:30 a.m.  

Our service was wonderful, though we wondered if our main waitress really had a french accent or not?  She didn't sound like any french person I know or have known and certainly didn't look french, but c'est la vie, she was perfectly attentive and made suggestions we all could appreciate.

I had the corned beef hash with poached eggs and english muffin.  The corned beef is housemade and chopped/shredded... SOOO flavorful and meaty.  There was very little 'hash' but that's fine with me.  I'm more of a protein lover anyway.  The english muffin was homemade and was awesome.  

Two of us ordered their thin pancakes/thick crepes- both were extremely happy with their choices.

The fourth of us ordered the Nutella waffles and her comment to me just now was, "...and they were VERY yummy."  'nuff said.  

The only complaint one of us had was with their hot chocolate.  I have some picky kids when it comes to that drink and when there is too much foam from the steamed milk or they use too much sugar or a powder mix or a syrup that tastes too much like Hershey's, the satisfaction is less than stellar.  The hot chocolate had too much foam and was too sweet (and, personally, $4.50 for the 5 oz?  Yeah, not exactly cost effective for me.)  

All in all, we were VERY happy, VERY satisfied and highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi!  (Even though I hate the hotel they reside in...)Had breakfast there once. It was actually pretty good, nice environment.Mon Ami Gabi has got to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, and is definitely my favorite on the strip! Every time I have eaten here I have had a great experience. I have eaten here so many times that I have tried a lot of different dishes. I love their French Onion Soup and how they bring other soups to your table in a kettle and pour them in your bowl in front of you. I never have to wait too long for a table, and the service is always great as well. Mon Ami is also worth the money, and it is reasonably priced for being on the strip. If you want a great meal with a good atmosphere, I really recommend trying Mon Ami.I'm glad I decided on this one as my last dinner in Vegas, because it was an incredible experience!

The atmosphere was dark and sophisticated, but it wasn't uptight either. I saw some people wearing casual clothes...hell, I was wearing a polo shirt and jeans and no one seemed to mind. I initially had the impression that it would be a fine dining experience, but it certainly wasn't the case. 

I always order steak so I decided to give their pork loin a try. It tasted wonderful, but unfortunately mine was cooked to the point of it being dry. I like my pork well done, but just because it's well done doesn't mean it has to be dry. Towards the end of my meal I was struggling to chew one more bite of the pork just because its dryness. 

The price for dinner was pretty hefty considering it wasn't a fine-dining restaurant, but I thought it was worth it for the experience to eat in front of the dancing waterfall at the Bellagio.On an impromptu trip to Las Vegas before the holiday weekend to officially kick off summer, I had to stop by and try this highly recommended French restaurant in the Paris hotel on the strip. 
It had a beautiful view and was very easy to find within the hotel itself. 
The staff were all friendly and kind, and were able to answer all questions I had regarding the menu and the wine selections. 
I ordered steak frites, well done, with caramelized onions in a red wine sauce.
I also ordered a bottle of some French Pinot noir that I can't quite remember how to spell out at this moment. 
The ambience was lovely and the meal was one of the best I've ever had. 
Definitely will be back again!My overall experience was very good. For a vegas restaurant, these prices are really very reasonable. You can pay more for a steak at many of the generic steakhouses inside casinos, and the wine by the glass is really very reasonable at 7 or 8 bucks per glass for their more basic wines (I had both a sauv blanc and a glass of gsm and both were good and recently opened). 

As for the food:
I started with the sea scallops which were in a mussel cream sauce. Outstanding, though perhaps a touch too much Parmesan. That's not really a complaint though... just finding something to quibble about.
 
I had their prime rib special which looking back on it was a mistake. The prime rib was fine though not outstanding and it was reasonable at 35 dollars. It was also too much food in the end when combined with my other dishes. 

The others in my party had salmon (i didn't get the verdict), the new york strip (judged good and the shallots very good), the crab cakes (judged outstanding), the salmon salad (good), as well as the french and soup du jour (a apple and parsnip soup). 

For dessert two of us had chocolate mousse. The mousse was exactly what you'd hope and expect. They topped it with dark chocolate crunchy things which are good, but unfortunately just put pink berry in mind for me because they have to be exactly the same thing. Another person had the peach parfait and was a fan of it. 

---
So I'd give this 4 stars. The food was very good, but not truly exceptional, which I think it needs to be at this price range to earn a 5. The service was very good, refills on water came swiftly, and the pacing was appropriate for a French restaurant (i.e. slow, but purposefully and not annoyingly so). 

Of course, mention has to be made about the atmosphere. It's really nice. I asked for a table with a view of the Belaggio fountain, and they made us wait about 15 minutes upon arriving, but they gave us a good table for it. It was very pleasant. 

I'd definitely suggest this restaurant. I think you could probably get a better meal if you stepped up a price category somewhat, but then you wouldn't have the nice sidewalk cafe feel.We had the best brunch here! I had a serious craving for smoked salmon and this place got it SO right. I got the smoked salmon and tuna burger, boyfriend got the onion soup and salmon, and sister got the steak sandwich: it was all delicious! The fries stood out to me (basic, I know) but I LOVE crispy fries and this place slices them so thin that they're perfect. The service was great, too. Granted, it took a while to get our order, but you have to expect that with how packed this place gets.

We made reservations and found out its for indoor only. The patio is first come first serve and we didn't feel like waiting. If you don't mind a wait though, it seems like a nice place to people watch. This place is definitely on our list of go-tos in LVIt's a great place if you can sit outside in good weather.Went there with a party of 13 and the service and food was excellent.  This is an excellent choice for a mid-priced meal in Vegas.  Call ahead though they were telling people at the door 45 - 60 minute wait times.Service was a little slow, but food was yummy. We had a cold seafood platter. They have really good Bloody Mary's according to my hubby. They bring a fresh French baguette to your table!This could be one of the top restaurants I have ever been to.

The staff are just excellent, and know many different cocktails and preparations of the food on and off the menu.  One can tell the staff is trained.

Try the Croque Madam (that's with an egg, cooked to your liking), and sit on the patio and people watch in Vegas.

A reservation is highly recommended, as wait times can be long....Good service, good location, and lovely decor.
Food is good, but not exceptionally good. Still, for everything else, the price is about right. (Could be a little cheaper IMO).

I wanted a nice brunch, and got me a nice brunch. I read complaints about the steak~ good thing I didn't choose it :XI've eaten there four times over the last few years, and so far it's definitely my favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Even though they offer several sauce choices for their steaks, the meat is so flavorful I don't want to spoil it with the bearnaise or roquefort.  Instead, I save that for the pom frites (fries), which is divine.  The appetizers and french bread are great too.I've planned quite a few brunches here for out of town guests. It's always a crowd pleaser - especially if you can get a table on the patio.

Best to make a reservation after noon so you can see the Bellagio fountain show!We had a great dinner here. This was by far our favorite meal of the trip and very reasonably priced for being on the strip! Be sure to request a table in their front area with the windows that overlooks the Bellagio fountain. Such a cute atmosphere, great service, and the food was great! The French Onion soup was great as well as the steak frites with a red wine reduction. This is definitely a place I would return to on another trip!I was surprised at the no wait time for a Dec 30 dinner after 7 PM given the great reviews (weekday factors in maybe). However, there wasnt probably a single element that I could complian about well except the bistro bread which we didnt find "out of the oven" fresh.
I started by trying their chicken liver pate which had some interesting (appetizing) flavors. Certainly better than many pate s I have tried before. 
I was debating between their popular steaks and fish of the day but finally Alaskan cod won and it was prepared to perfection. They are popular for their steaks but boy their seafood is second to none. Others in my group tried the salmon, scallops and lamb shank and were equally pleased. 

Also the seating was perfect as we could watch the Bellagio fountains go every 15 minutes.My husband and I have been here about 5-6 times. Filet Mignon is too notch amazing....! Service is amazing... Although I thought the water boy hovered too much but that's ok! Very romantic setting!!! Price for Filet Mignon is pricey but very worth it for the quality of food they are serving!We had a table that was just inside the patio area which was perfect!  Nice views of Bellaggio fountains- which is one of the nice things about this restaurant. The inside tables were dark - more of a steakhouse feel,  I got the Bloody Mary bar which I quite liked. I ordered the lox Benedict and my daughter ordered regular eggs Benedict.  We each swapped which was nice. They were good  My other daughter got French toast with blueberries that was good. The food is pretty good, but the atmosphere is what makes it so I think it's worth waiting for a table with a view!From the moment you walk in you feel a unique elegance. Best tables are going to be on the patio because they over look the Bellagio. The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable and super friendly. Also recommending other things to do in Vegas. The food... WOW!!! Bread that cracks when you break into it. Steaks cooked perfectly and def get the macaroni, delicious!! Five star from start to finish.Went here many years ago, sat outside.  Ordered the flank steak with shoe string fries and it was very good.  The people watching and the bellagio fountains across the street make this a wonderful venue.  Pretty good food for a gimmick restaurant, most tourist restaurants are usually under par in the food department.  Would recommend.  A bit pricey, but expected given the location.3.5 stars for the food, but a solid 5 star for the service, view and ambience combined.Hands down this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  (And that's saying something)  Managed to even convert my picky boyfriend who doesn't like French food into loving it as well.
1. Love the on line reservation system....emails you a confirmation as well.  Will say if you'd like patio seating call or pop in earlier in the day.
2. Outdoor patio seating has some of the best views in Vegas.  Love watching the people and the fountains.
3. The food is great.  Have tried multiple items and always with great success.  The mussels, salads, soups and the steaks.  Also the fries here are some of the best I've ever had.
4. Great service despite how busy the restaurant is.
5.  The price point for at this restaurant is very very affordable....especially for Vegas. Might as well go all out and get the good bottle of wine!

Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas.....just so I can have another meal here.Hatten einen super romantischen Abend dort verbracht. Direkt auf der Terrasse am Strip. Das Essen war sehr gut, nicht gerade einen Essen für All You Can Eat Leute, aber man hat genug nach einer Vorspeise und Essen. 

Bei vollem Lokal hatte man einbisschen dass Gefühl von überforderung des Personals, das aber weiter nicht störte.

Sicherlich sehr zu empfehlen, nettes Anbiente und feines Essen. Kosten halten sich auch in Grenzen, 2 Vorspeisen + 2 Mahlzeiten/Getränke + Trinkgeld für 80.-- Dollar.

Wir würden sicher wieder kommen.We had just dinner and brunch here recently. The food was very well made and all of the dishes had their own unique flavor from the chef which makes them incomparable to other restaurants. The light-flavored dishes, such as the chicken liver mousse pate, chocolate mousse, were great refreshments for tourists who walked miles under the heat of Las Vegas. Their brunch was also very refreshing, most of the morning dishes have eggs and toast in them. The quality of the food, and its location (right across from the Bellagio), makes the 2 dollar sign extremely worth. Only downside to the restaurant is that if you get here slightly late, you might end up waiting a very very long line for an available table, so it's advised to eat early and take your time to enjoy the food and the street view (if you decide to eat outside).Had the pulled pork banh mi. I wasn't expecting to see that on the menu, since banh mi sandwiches are Vietnamese....but boy was it supreme. An amazingly tasty sandwich with beautifully crispy yet soft bread with tender lives of pork. The crunch from the pickled veggies with the heat from the Sriracha mayo was spot on.nice atmosphere to dine in and try to get the patio seat facing the Bellagio fountain if you can. Beef wellington is out of this world, crispy on the outside, juicy and surprisingly tender on the inside although a bit pricey but it is as good as it can get for not having to pay for Gordon Ramsay price. We also order Trout as another main dish, it was just ok. Onion soup a bit under seasoning. Great place to dine with your love one while on vaca but prepare to spend more than a hundred for two people.This was one delicious restaurant in Vegas!

We sat in the restaurant while we waited to watch the Bellagio Water Show #2 across the street from it. There was also a patio to enjoy the busy streets of passer-byers but we chose to sat in the restaurant as it was a tad chilly. The atmosphere was very romantic indeed...no doubt about that.

- Steak Béarnaise (a rich buttery sauce, aromatic sauce featuring shallots, tarragon and crushed black peppercorns)
- Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onions, red wine sauce); this was original compared to the Bearnaise.

Both steaks were thin but juicy and tender. The steaks also came with the signature hand-cut frites...yum. 

I'm glad I got the chance to try this place out - 5 out of 5!When in front of restaurant, we are reluctant to enter because sign show us they are French stake restaurant. Lately we are eating stake a lot. But French word make us try to eat.

There are some delicious seafood!! And taste so good!!! In addition to it, they have good mood!! 

I recommend Asian people because size of dish is small compared with another restaurant, but it is enough to share with 2 people.

I like oyster, sermon, and shrimp cocktail.
120$ /2 person with above dishes and 4 grass of alcohol.It is important to be aware of the fact that this restaurant does have a different menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I personally find their lunch menu to be far more diverse and impressive than their dinner menu, which is exactly why I made it a point to venture here during the lunch hours versus later on in the evening. Making a decision on what to eat here was honestly the hardest decision that I had to make all week while being on vacation; I wanted to order one of everything, but I opted for the ever so popular seafood crepe paired with a glass of Sancerre, and there are no words that could possibly express the enjoyment that I experienced from eating this entrée.

The seafood crepe consisted of shrimp, scallops, peas and cream. It was incredibly savory and comforting at the same time. The shrimp and scallops were cooked perfectly, not overdone, and were extremely flavorful as well. The cream sauce was not overwhelming, the touch of white wine and shallots were both pleasantly detectable, and the addition of a few peas throughout the crepe also added texture to the cream sauce.The actual crepe certainly complimented the cream sauce, but was also plenty tasty on its own. It was soft, but not too thick or thin and not overly salty or egg tasting. Although the entrée appeared to be modest in size initially, it was filling, and ultimately the perfect amount of food. 

Overall, Mon Ami Gabi is a phenomenal restaurant on the strip that serves relatively inexpensive French cuisine, which is astonishing for any restaurant that is located in such a prime location of Las Vegas, never mind one that serves affordable French cuisine. I have visited Las Vegas three times in the past year, and my deepest regret is not that I did not gamble, drink or party enough, but that I did not come here for lunch sooner. It's cliché of me, but words cannot express the affection that I possess for Mon Ami Gabi. I seriously yearn for this restaurant, to one day thrust open its doors to New York City's French foodies.Came here a year ago and got to try a few things I haven't seen most anywhere else. Charcuterie isn't really my style so I felt like I missed out. Came back again this year for some brunch and I have to say... Their brunch is amazing. Easily best brunch in Vegas, by far. They need to put a Ramos Gin Fizz on their cocktail menu, it would sell really well! It also has history in New Orleans as a brunch cocktail, so it's fitting.

The service is always perfect at this restaurant, the ambiance is awesome, the covered porch is great in the spring. Definitely one of the few places the wife and I hit up every time we go to Vegas!Great place for breakfast.  We came here really early so there was no wait.
I had the Banana Waffle, and it was just delicious.  Sweet crispy waffles with pieces of bananas.  It was great.Consistent great food at reasonable prices, with a great view of the Bellagio Fountain Show. We have been here 3 times now, and all 3 times we had a pleasant experience.

Cheese plate: okay, but nothing special
Smoked salmon appetizer: delicious!
Complimentary warm bread and room temperature butter: yummy
The republic of tea bottled ice tea (blackberry sage): I LOVE THIS TEA! Hard to find, and worth the $$
Steak roquefort and frites: DELICIOUS!
Special (arctic char): goodThings come and go in Vegas, but this one is consistently good.  Lovely ambiance.  Really great food.Very crowded on a weekday morning, so we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table outside. We just went into the casino and gambled a little bit to kill time. Paris is a really cute hotel so it was really a lot of fun!

Our buzzer began buzzing so we made it back to the restaurant, were seated outside, and began to eat outside faux Paris in this cute restaurant. 

I came here because I knew that when I was in Vegas two years ago that I went to a restaurant in Paris (not remembering the name), but definitely remembering the really good food. 

So I am back again (in the correct place) and the food was excellent! Excellent  omelette  with hash browns. Very tasty and good coffee too. 

I would definitely return, as the prices are not too bad and the food was VERY tasty. Gouda cheese is awesome in an omelette!Oh mon ami Gabi, c'est tres bon!

This was a must do for me on my bday trip to Vegas. I made reservations over a month ago, just to make sure I got a tableau before the Memorial Day crowds overtook Vegas. Be aware that they do not take reservations for the outside patio and it is a separate waiting list. 

We waited less than 5 minutes for an outside table. The view of the Bellagio fountains and the people-watching on the Strip could not have been better. 

The Steak Classique was really delicious. I was surprised by how tender the steak was. The pommes frites were cooked to crispy perfection. 

Make sure you save room for dessert. I complained to my bf about how I hadn't had a good creme brulee all week. I need look no further; it was heaven. Creamy vanilla-y goodness that melted in my mouth. My bf ordered the profiteroles which were AMAZING.Drop dead view of the Bellagio fountains if you can secure outdoor seating. Expect a crowded French bistro atmosphere.Service was attentive. Food was moderately expensive ,but fair for Las Vegas. 
Mussels  were in  a very flavourful broth ,but 3 mussels failed to open... But those that did were big and juicy.The steaks are reputed to real winners.This is only second hand information, however.
The trout was fresh and flakey.The skate was a good choice if you're tired of sea bass. The mixologists at the bar were friendly and helpful. Mon Ami may not provide the best cuisine in Vegas, but it always beckons me to return.I have been here three times now and I keep on coming back. I recommend making a reservation ahead of time if you are planning on going here on a weekend of dinner as all three times there has been a long line and a long wait but thankfully we had a reservation.  I partly come back because they have separate gluten-free menu, which I really appreciate. They even bring you your own plate (so no cross contamination) with several slices of gluten-free bread, butter, and olives. Their dishes are also marked with an allergen marker. ( big group 13 vet attentive). I think the food is pretty tasty and not too expensive for what you get, especially in Vegas. Two of the times I have come here it has been with a group of 13 and a group of 25 and we still had good service.Went here because of the great reviews and was not disappointed! 

We made a reservation for inside seating on Yelp and were seated right on time. The patio is first come first served so we didn't bother. 

For an appetizer we got the baked goat cheese. It came in a large portion with bread and had bold flavor that made us want more. 

My wife and I both got the Hanger steak cooked medium. It was perfect and the flavor was something neither of us will forget. She got green beans instead of frites and they were just as amazing. 

The service was excellent. We had 2 waiters that kept our drinks refilled and brought everything in a timely fashion. 

We will definitely be back again on future trips to Vegas! Great value for the money and totally worth it.I love this resturant. my bf usually gets their steak and eggs and he loves it and the fries are very thin.. I've tried their French toast and the shrimp scampi and they were delicious.. Highly recommend it and try to get a table outside/the patio so u can enjoy the   View of the strip :)Mmm the bread came with this carrot spread - so delicious; that was probably one of the highlights. We got great seating (a four person table all to my boyfriend and I) with a lovely view of the Bellagio fountains. 

We were craving french onion soup (onion soup au gratin) and this hit the spot! There's a generous amount of gruyere cheese in the soup; so ooey-gooey delicious. 

My boyfriend and I shared the filet mignon merlot, it was nice but nothing super special. 

One complaint is that our server didn't seem to know much about wine recommendations...other than that the food came quickly and was above average quality.Once again another great meal. We opted to wait an hour to sit on the patio. Well worth it as it was a beautiful night. Our server Demetrius was very knowledgeable without being stuffy. Had friends from San Francisco here with their three kids. Everyone enjoyed watching the Bellagio fountains throughout dinner.Wow!!   I always love this place, ken was our server and deliver amazing service.  He made the evening enjoyable so ask for Ken. I started with the escargot and love it!  Great flavor and paired with the warm bread make it perfect!  Go on a Sunday as that is the only day they offer Beef Wellington!  One of my favorites and is was perfectly cooked medium rare, with just the right amount of sauce. I paired it with the asparagus, which was cooked to perfection.  No desert this time but I k ow from others visits it's a great ending to the meal.  I will go again thanks to the great food and top notch service.  Sorry the picture does not do justice for how good it tasted!We missed our breakfast buffet at another place and decided to try to find something to eat inside the Paris since we were heading to the Soleil Pool for the day.   Best mistake ever!   After spending a week in Vegas and eating at a lot of different places this ended up being the absolute best meal we had there hands down.  Might even be the best place I've ever eaten at!  Top 3 for sure.
   It was about noon and we wanted to sit outside.  We were told it would be about a 30 minute wait to sit outside or they could find us a table inside overlooking the outside immediately.  Our table was perfect!  While not technically outside, we were right under the part that opens to outside so still had shade and full on air conditioning plus a lovely view and feel of the outside.  It makes you feel like you are in cafe in Paris.  Awesome!  
   I started with a glass of their Sangria to get my drank on.  Our waiter was friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  He brought us a baguette and butter to nibble on while we picked our menu choices.  That baguette is seriously good.  So good in fact, that we ordered another to take as a leftover even though we had no other food left.  Smear that delicious baguette with some of the butter...OMG so good!  Then, we ordered Sea Scallop Gratinees to share as an appetizer.  It came with 3 which seemed an odd number since most people dine in pairs but that didn't affect the taste, which was pure awesome.  Now, dip your baguette pieces in the leftover mussel cream and onion/fennel marmalade from your scallops.  This is even better than the butter :)
   For entrees, I had the special of the day which was Arctic Char with a micro green salad and orzo pasta and the bf had a Gruyere cheeseburger with hand-cut frites.  My meal was perfect.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned fish perfectly complemented with lemony orzo underneath it.  Very good.  The burger, according to my bf, was the best burger he had ever eaten.  The bun was amazing and the whole thing together was melt in your mouth awesome.  Not one thing overpowered another, everything put on it was made to be a complement to everything else on it.  Amazing.  

Awesome service, fantastic view, amazing food, and the prices aren't bad either.  Best place to eat on the Strip!!!After a few nights of 4 AM, post-drinking room service meals, my boyfriend and I decided we wanted to go somewhere good for dinner. We chose Mon Ami Gabi and we were sooooo glad we did! We had reservations on a Tuesday night at 10. We were seated right away in the front room and had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. 

Our waitress was great and gave us some great suggestions.  For appetizers, we had pate, escargot and scallops. All three were amazing. Escargot has always been a little scary to me, but I sucked it up and tried one and it was SO delicious. The scallops were perfectly cooked and beautifully presented. I'm not a huge fan of pate but I had a little and I had to admit it was pretty tasty. For entrees we both had filets-- merlot for me, Roquefort for him. Mine was awesome. Perfectly cooked and drenched in butter and a red wine reduction--how can you go wrong with that??? The filet Roquefort was also good but I'd definitely pick the filet merlot again. The frites were more like potato chips than I was expecting but I enjoyed them nonetheless. After all that food, we were pretty stuffed but the butterscotch pot de creme was screaming our names, so we gave in and ordered it. I think that might be my new favorite dessert. It was rich but not too heavy, like butterscotch pudding only a gajillion times better. 

The prices are very reasonable, especially for what you get. It was very busy the night we were there (and I'm assuming it's like that pretty much every night) but our food still came out very quickly. Other than feeling like elephants when we were done, it was one of the best meals either of us has had in a long time and definitely the best one we had in Vegas!This place is great!  I highly recommend sitting on the patio.  The food is wonderful, and you get a great view of the strip.Except for the long wait for an outside table (first come, first served - we waited 90 minutes), this was a truly memorable evening. 

It was the view of the fountains at the Bellagio that stimulated my interest in Mon Ami Gabi - after looking it up on Yelp, I made a reservation (not knowing that the terrace was not reservable). We did eventually get a table right at the railing, with a great view of the fountains. The food and service was exactly as described on Yelp! 

We started with the Escargots de Bourgogne - when we asked our attentive and very friendly waitress what escargots tasted like, she said "garlic". If you like garlic, this is for you! We used the remainder of our fresh bread to soak up the sauce. The bread and butter with a shaved carrot topping was grand. We also had the Butter Lettuce Salad, which was fresh and tasty. 

For main courses, we both had steak, mine was Steak Bordelaise, the other was Steak Roquefort. I got mine with the Frites, which were 1/4" wide, paper-thin, and crispy. My intention was just to taste them, as they were highly recommended by our waitress, but I ended up finishing them. Sheryl substituted vegetables for her fries - she had garlic spinach which she loved. The steaks were good, thin and a little tough as French steaks usually are. 

No desert - too much food - but great coffee!! Overall, we went for the view and stayed for the food. A grand evening, not soon to be forgotten!Every time I come here I love it more and more! Attentive staff, casual but upscale atmosphere and beautiful scenery! The food has never let me down! Delicate flavors, plentiful portions, and refreshing beverages. Try to sit on the patio, its worth it!! Nothing is better than watching the Bellagio water show and eating a fantastic meal!This is my favorite place for a relaxed brunch (non-buffet) with a view. I love the french cuisine! I ordered the french toast with mixed fruits, and my bf got the seafood crepe. We also ordered the appetizer pate which was of ginormous proportions. We got a seat on the pavilion so there was the benefit of the cool/AC, yet we still had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and people watching on the Strip. It's a perfect place for that lazy, drawn-out, 3 hour Sunday brunch with amazing savory and sweet dishes.

I felt that the prices were extremely reasonable for the Strip (and the fact we averaged $92 per person per meal during our trip) and what we received.My first brunch at this place and our family was all happy. We were seated outside so the view was nice. It was too early to watch Bellagio fountain show but it was sti nice. I'm assuming it was the A/C from the inside because we would feel the cool breeze once in a while that kept us away from the heat. 

Their coffee was awesome and food was great too. I would definitely come back.We had a lovely breakfast here. I had the blueberry waffles and they where perfect. Small round silverdollar sized, light, fluffy and sweet. The perfect mixture with the bluberries and cream. My hubby had the eggs Benedict and enjoyed it as well.Pros - friendly service, great food, great location, great view of Las Vegas Blvd

Cons - none (can you believe it?  NONE!)

I really don't have anything bad to say about this place!  It's amazing.  I've eaten here multiple times and it never fails to impress.  Funny thing, I've only eaten here for brunch and never for dinner.

My all time favorite is the eggs benedict.  Ask for smoked salmon instead of the Canadian bacon.  They'll happily replace it for you.  The english muffin is fluffy and delicious.  The hash browns is a nice touch.  The LGO is great as well...healthy and delicious!

To be honest, I'm worried that my best kept secret will become popular knowledge resulting in over popularization and a decline in quality and service.  Do me a favor...don't go here!We were here last night and it blew us away. we wandered by it earlier the day before and didn't quite know what to expect. 
Upon being sat the staff was amazingly friendly *make sure you put in reservations ahead of time* I heard a couple ask and it was about 45 min wait. 

We were seated just in view of the Bellagio water show - given a baguette and butter to start. This romantic spot was the perfect way to wrap up our vegas getaway. 
We ordered warm Brie with garlic for our app then the cold seafood platter for dinner. Paired with a delicious french cab, we were in Paris. Huge thanks to everyone who makes this place tick!!! You are doing an amazing job. My husband said "this is the first place we are coming to next time"When I come to Vegas, I always pay a visit to Mon Ami Gabi. I make sure to make reservations, and even then there is often a small wait. This place has a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain show from the patio. The inside seating is more classy and formal. Service is excellent. They even come around to scrape the bread crumbs off the table.

I always order the filet mignon with red wine reduction sauce, which is one of the best I've eaten anywhere. It is so soft and melts in your mouth. It comes with a generous side of frites as well, which are pretty good, but nothing too special. My parents got the lobster tail, which was so fresh and sweet. Their caramelized scallops appetizer is to die for as well.Whenever I visit Vegas I ALWAYS make sure I go here!  They have such good food!  Kinda pricey, but worth it!  They have great food, great service!  If you plan to go, be sure to call ahead though and make reservations!  Ask to sit outside if you can!  Usually a longer wait, but again worth it!  Best time is during the summer months when its warm at night!Would not try walking-in to this popular spot at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas. Had a great time with an awesome meal! Hubby got the Pork Chop special, it was huge and delicious! I got the Classique Steak and it was awesome as were the pomme frites that accompanied it! The fresh, warm bread that was complimentary was also great! Nice service and nice atmosphere!Great food and atmosphere at a great price.  Right on the strip.  This is a great place to eat in Vegas.  I almost wanted to spluge on one of those ultra nice restaurants, but decided to be modest, and glad I did.

The steak au poivre, medium rare, was excellent.  We got the duck confit appetizer, and that was very good.  The frites are a nice side.

The waiter was one of the nicest, informative, and mindful I've ever had.

I wish I had a bigger stomach, but I couldn't even down the steak and frites.  That meant no dessert unfortunately.  But why complain that the portions are too big?This is the restaurant right outside and connected to Paris hotel. 7 of us came here for lunch and there was no wait to sit outside in the cute French-inspired patio! Yay! It was great because there were misters to keep us cool in the heat, and we got a great view of the Bellagio water show across the street!

First of all, the bread was reallyyyy good. My friends were ooh-ing and mmm-ing over how perfect it was. I'm not too huge of a bread fan but I do admit, they made that warm baguette just right! As for the entree, I tried the grilled salmon and spinach salad which also came with blueberries, walnuts, avocado, and citrus dressing. It was very fresh and delicious! I loved it! I also had a bite of my friend's chicken and brie and green apple sandwich which was also reallyyy yummy! 

We were in a hurry to get to Encore Beach Club by a certain time so we requested super fast service from our waiter, and sure enough, he delivered! Woot! Food came out within 10-15 minutes. Overall, we had a great experience here. I would love to dine here again!OMG this place was delicious!!!! The french onion soup...to die for!!
The bread they serve before dinner...warm, soft, deliciousness!!
The scallop dish was ok. The brussels sprouts were delicious!!! The banana's foster dessert, and lemon sorbet were both OUT OF THIS WORLD.
The customer service was wonderful!! This place was great! I will definitely be back!!My review for Mon Ami Gabi is based on a mish mash of happy hour visits and raves from friends and family about their experiences here. 

When I use the term happy hour, I mean that I went during happy hour times.  There don't seem to be too many happy hour deals.  But that doesn't matter because the wines by the glass are superb, the mixed drinks are well done and the french beer is great.  I sat at the outer bar both times I visited.  Its directly across the street from the Bellagio, so you get the fountain show every 15-ish minutes, whether you want to or not!  I ordered the frites to snack on and they were great.  

The people watching factor is unbeatable.  The patio is right on the strip so you can watch the people flood by, but the patrons inside are just as interesting.  People from all over the world.  

The bartender was great, a super friendly fellow midwestern transplant.  He got us hooked up with the frequent diners card which is valid at a couple of other restaurants in vegas that fall into the Mon Ami Gabi family of restaurants.  Well worth the investment if you are a regular.

Now for the "not my experience but worth writing about" piece of the review.  My husband visited here when he was in town solo.  He has pretty specific dietary do's and don'ts.  He requested a seafood crepe minus the dairy and Mo Ami Gabi was happy to work with him.  The server said that they get special requests all the time and almost all of their dishes can be made to accomodate.  In a world of "no substitutions" and "no changes" menus this is a super selling point for us.  

I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi to anyone looking for a great place to eat, drink and people watch on the strip.Ate here in March and love it. This was not our first time and won't be our last.  This is a "must eat" on almost every Vegas trip we make.

The ambience is great - inside, wonderful dark wood, comfortable. There is also outside patio seating, so you have a view of the Bellagio fountains and the Strip.

Food - just simply amazing. The trout - awesome!  I had the seared scallops over a bed of pureed califlower and spinch and it was so good.  My DH who does not like scallops, loved them. He had the steak (flat iron I think) and liked it, but regreted not ordering the trout.  They have a duck confit dish that is wonderful as well.

There wine is reasonably priced and so good.  The bread - amazing. Service great.  I reallyl can't say anything bad - the prices are reasonable too.The food here is very good.  I had a filet with merlot sauce and asparagus that was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing.   Others I was with had the scallops, which were raved about, and the escargot, which, while scorching hot, was also good.

I tried my first escargot, just because, you never know what you might like.  Me- Not so much with the escargot.

This place does lose points on the environment.  It's very cramped and noisy.  Not a really good place for a romantic dinner, but a good place for really good eats.I had a great lunch over the weekend.

After a night of partying, I needed a place to relax and people watch. In the 100+ degree weather, we sat down to a nice lunch watching the fountains. The water mist helped keep the heat at bay.

My hamburger was great. Service was great. Sitting outside was the best. Forget eating buffets 24/7 in Vegas. Their portions are big and the atmosphere itself is worth 5 stars.I've been here at least five times. The view is one of the best views in Vegas. I've never had a problem getting seated on the patio. The wine menu is great, the KIDS MENU is one of the best I've seen. My daughter has ordered three different kids menu items and they all come on portioned plates with a fruit and vegetable. Super super impressed. Wine menu is solid. Service is always excellent! I've yet to try an entree I'd order again (only reason I can't give this five stars), they are all just "ok". But the view alone keeps me coming back for more.Now this review is truly overdue.  I went to Vegas months ago, but never got the chance to finish this review.  With a Vegas trip possibly in the near future, I thought it pertinent I got this one out.    

With reservations placed online, we didn't have to wait.  Located right in front of the Paris Casino, you can't miss it.  An exposed patio section displays itself to the Strip.  I was in debate whether to have lunch or dinner here and since our schedule forced us to choose dinner.  Dinner it was.  The lighting is dimly lit and has a romanticized atmosphere layered with a generally casual ambience.  

Looking through the menu, Bun and I had no idea what to order.  Thank goodness, we had a Hank Azaria for our waiter.  It wasn't really him, but it really looked like him.  If you don't know who that is, he's most known for voice acting numerous characters on The Simpsons such as Chief Wiggum and Moe.  He played the French guy Ben Stiller's movie wife had an affair with in Along Came Polly.  Coincidentally in that movie, the scuba instructor he plays is French.  My eyeballs opened a little bigger in shock when the first words laced with his French accent popped out.  That waiter whose name I do not recall will be called Hank for remainder of this review.    

After sifting through the entire menu, we both ended up choosing steaks with frites.  There seemed to be a crazy number of different choices of ways they prepared steaks that I had no clue what they were.  Hank gave us a full detailed debriefing for each kind and how they were cooked.  I was certainly impressed.  He also gave us the option to make the steak a filet mignon instead.  That was a no brainer.  

As our starters, Bun ordered the soup du jour which came in and was served out of a curiously interesting jug.  It was then poured onto the plate which had a little cream in the center.  I wanted to originally get a regular salad, but he convinced me to order the frisee and bacon salad.  Hank said it was a very common salad in French cafes in France.  I guess I played sucker to that one and yielded to his request.  This salad had a poached egg, bacons slices, and caramelized onions.  He even showed me how you're supposed stir the egg evenly through the whole salad before eating it.  The salad was simply marvelous.  I sampled some of Bun's soup and it had nice level of creaminess and was really good.   

When our filet mignons came, my mouth instantly watered like Homer Simpson when he sees a donut.  It was tenderness on blast.  Cooked to a nice medium rare as requested and served with a side of frites, it filled my stomach up to the brim.  I was really surprised considering the prices.  To not over exceed one's expectation, this wasn't $200 Kobe beef.  That would be an unfair comparison.  Yet this filet mignon was excellent enough with its simple design to easily deliver the same goal.       

While holding our full stomachs, Hank comes over to offer a dessert menu or some coffee.  I don't even remember responding back.  I think my stomach said something on the line of needing the bill so we can roll our full buttocks out.  Obviously, by now one can tell my impression of their service was very gracious and cordial.  The food was more than just reasonable.  It was a good, unadulterated, affordable Vegas meal.  A return visit is in the horizon.This is by far my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  Whenever my son comes in from NYC on his birthday or mine we go there to eat outside. Or when visitors come or when we just want to go to our favorite spot in town. The food is fabulous, the service extraordinary and they really know how to take care of "locals".  The prices are reasonable and we have a particular bottle of Rhone Wine that we always get.  We have met wonderful people at the bar and even had dinner with a couple from New Jersey that we met there at the bar one evening. We do not go to the Strip often but this restaurant is always worth it.I love Mon Ami Gabi. I love the sourdough they serve while waiting for your food. I have had escargot here, actually my first time ever having it, very good. Good french onion soup, good everything actually. I think the service can be a little slow. But its nice. In the summer when its really warm, sitting outside on the patio on the strip, is just the best. You get the Bellagio water show, and it really is a fun time. It is usually very crowded, you need reservations.Gorgeous Gorgeous venue! Service is pretty good and the food looked beautiful. However, I had the eggs benedict and the taste was lackluster. Even their green tea was nothing special (maybe it's the water? maybe it's me being spoiled by drinking good tea with Russians and Indians?) Either way, I'd love to give the place many more chances. It's too pretty to pass up.This has been a go to place for my wife and I on our past several trips to Las Vegas. We have yet to make it there for anything but breakfast but reading other reviews it certainly is on my list for the next trip. (Which is coming up soon!)

Just after the early risers and before the strip starts to heat up, Mon Ami Gabi is just the perfect spot for breakfast. Sitting on the outdoor patio is just an amazing experience. You can sit in absolute comfort, the sun not at its peak and just enough shade to set the perfect temperature for breakfast. People watching at this time of day and from this wonderful vantage point has always been a highlight for my wife and I. We watch as the street performers start to show up to lay their claim and observe the Vegas newbies (no offense to those that have yet to visit) try to find a place to eat, thinking Mon Ami Gabi is too expensive. We used to think that as well but several trips back we just went for it and gave it a chance. We have never looked back. 

The service is amazing and you do really feel like you stepped out for a fine supper meal but this is just breakfast, right? Not in the least. The service is superior and the breakfast selections are great. While the food is prepared well, presented nicely and provides just the right start to the day it is the mood and atmosphere that really makes this place special. It may only be for the duration of your meal but for that brief time you are taken away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, transported away from the lights and sounds of the casinos and you are dropped into a calm oasis of fine food and service. Even some of the high end 4 or 5 star restaurants on the strip fail to offer that, failing to shield the diner from the constant reminders of money lost on the slots or providing shade from the neon glow that draws entices us to follow. 

Yes the patio is on the strip but Mon Ami Gabi allows you to both be on the strip and miles away at the same time. 

Come for the food but take the time to break away from the pace of Vegas and enjoy this gem.  Reading other reviews it is clear that that there is more to this place than breakfast, so I am going to go back and give it a try, will you?Mon Ami Gabi mimics a Parisian cafe perfectly. I loved the decor and we sat in an atrium overlooking the Bellagio water show, which was lovely. I had a very tasty cheeseburger (with gruyere cheese, moan) with thin cut french fries. My friends all loved their meals as well, and one of them said if he had known the Scallops appetizer was so delicious, he would have gotten 4 of them. 

Our server was friendly and attentive...it took a while to get our check, but we all chalked it up to being Parisian style. 

One very cool thing is they have carts of wine that you can get by the glass. Makes it very easy if only one person wants wine. 
I would definitely go here again and this time I would wear my beret. :)The meals and service was fantastic.  Sitting out in the patio was an excellent treat.  

The New York strip steak was prepared with an excellent touch.  All the sides and appetizers were great.  When visiting Las Vegas, this would be a recommended suggestion.We love this place and always stop by when in Vegas. Pate and escargot are always excellent.  Croque madame was one of the best I have had!I'd been wanting to try this place for years, and on our last trip to Vegas, Boyfriend and I finally checked it out for brunch.  I had no real interest of sitting outside on the patio (it was a million degrees outside) so we were promptly seated inside.

The decor was cute, 1950s steakhouse meets chic Paris flat.  Service was....okay....our server was perfectly nice, but kept forgetting things we'd ask her for.  We almost always had to flag someone down for things, and food took a while to come out.

The food, though, was scrumptious.  Scrumptious enough for me to want to check out dinner as soon as possible.  

The brunch menu was small-ish.  I wish it were somewhat broader.  Boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger with pomme frites, served medium-rare with bacon.  He enjoyed the burger itself.  He doesn't enjoy French style French fries (irony?) and I didn't particularly care for these myself.  They were under-seasoned and soggy, not crispy.  But I agreed with him, the burger was solid.  I got the chicken, Apple and Brie crepe, which was tasty.  It wouldn't have been half as tasty, however, without that crazy creamy cheese sauce. Oh yeah.  Leave it to the French to create a cheesy buttery creamy sauce to make a chicken crepe A FRIGGIN CHICKEN CREPE.  I wanted a bowl of that sauce.  And I would've stuck my face in it.  Fer serious.  

I was looking around our table and noticed lots of items other people were ordering that were not on our brunch menus.  Experienced some mad FOOD FOMO, yo.  Realized they were offering items off the lunch menu, immediately waved someone to our table and requested the lunch menu.  As we were still hungry....(boyfriend didn't eat much of the pomme frites and both plates were on the small side).....We ordered more food!

French onion soup for the boy, escargots for me!  Escargots were fab.  Tender, salty, herby, garlicky, with awesome fresh and warm and crusty (a whole mini loaf) French bread to soak up all the snail juice.  So good.  And I took home the rest of the baguette for later snackings.  The French onion soup, however....Hm.  I mean.  I know a lot of people who've been here like it....But boyfriend and I didn't really care for it and didn't finish it.  Which is sad, because we really like French onion soup.  Mon Ami Gabi's version was okay, but definitely leaned towards the red wine side.  We like our soup a little more salty and beef stock-y.  And there was not enough cheese on top.  Sad tears of cheese lacking.  

Brunch items were not horribly pricey for the Strip, but lunch items were pushing it...$12 was too much for the soup, surely.  

I'm curious enough to come back, like I said, for dinner sometime.  And maybe then the patio viewing will be appropriate and helpful for the atmosphere.Came here for dinner and brunch at two separate occasions.  I love their service, they are attentive and helpful when you don't know what to get. 

For dinner we had the steak, which was delicious, but it's REALLY heavy. I couldn't finish the whole thing, and if I were to order it again, I would split it. Their french onion soup is one of the best I've had. 

For brunch I had the chicken sandwich with brie and apples. It was very good, and again heavily buttered.  A couple of people in our group got the lobster roll and that looked really good. 

It is french food, so expect a lot of butter. I have to say, my favorite part of the meal, by far, was the fresh bread they bring out in the beginning.The steak was good. Prices reasonable for the strip and it was a great view with the outdoor seating.It's been a year (almost to the day) since we ate here, and the memory still stands as being really amazing. It was our first anniversary and we were in Vegas for a week. We had made reservations at this restaurant in advance to ensure a nice anniversary dinner before we had tickets for the Blue Man Group. We're young (25 at the time) and that can often make a fancy restaurant turn it's nose up and not offer much help. This was nothing like that!
We came in dressed for our night, and were sat quickly. The waiter was nice, offered up specials and was ready to serve. We picked a wine, food and everything was amazing. The steak, was so well cooked, you didn't need a knife. We were suggested bananas foster as a great dessert to share and enjoyed it together. The bill was high, but well worth it, and the waiter enjoyed a good tip from us. Really enjoyed it, and would go back in a heartbeat if we are in the city again.Delicious food (great presentation too), friendly service, spectacular seating. And a small birthday surprise for my wife :)There were 4 of us in our party. I booked reservation with OpenTable requesting a table with a view and mentioned it was a 30th birthday.

They did give us a good table and brought a free profiterole with ice cream and chocolate sauce for the birthday boy.

Everyone loved their meals including French Onion Soup (amazing), Caesar Salad, baked cheese- three cheese blend that came baked in a tomato sauce & with a grilled pesto garlic bread.

The steaks were the main event- soooo tender and so delicious and very affordable, especially compared to the other steakhouses on the strip.
The frites were very thin and no one at the table loved them but didn't hate them either.  Maybe a different type of pototoe next time.

Would definitely go back and recommend to people.My husband and I had brunch at Mon Ami Gabi the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend.  We were able to make a 10:00am reservation through yelp the night before.  We were seated in the indoor section with the huge window facing Bellagio which I loved because it was bright and sunny like sitting in the outdoor area but without having to deal with the heat!  The food was delicious...I had the eggs benedict special, mushroom and brie, with a mimosa and my husband had the ham and cheese omelette and we both enjoyed our meal!Strange thing to lead with for a place like this, but they serve the best kid's meal I have ever seen. They brought carrot sticks with dip for our little one to enjoy while we had our appetizer, and then the (awesome) macaroni and cheese came with lovely green beans, very thin apple slices, and extra shredded cheese to sprinkle on top. (See photo). I wish all kids restaurant meals were this nutritious. And all for $5.95. 
Lunch for the adults was also good. Steak tartare was very delicious once we added a sprinkle of salt, and our salads were flavorful and full of quality produce. I really did feel like I was in France on their peaceful patio, rather than steps away from a dark, smoky casino. All the staff was friendly and helpful. A lovely experience all around.Shockingly, this isn't a bad place to go in Vegas.  Not only is the food remarkably cheap for the area, but also you can enjoy it outside.  People-watching from outside the Paris hotel in Las Vegas can make for a remarkable experience.  

As for the menu, the steak frites is a decent order for lunch.  If you are getting a bit tired of never ending partying, I would definitely suggest it for a more subdued yet still casual experience.  It's not a high-end restaurant, but Vegas needs some of those as well.

For individuals in DC, they have apparently opened up a location in Bethesda, MD which is quite accessible through the metro...Packed frequently, and somewhat reasonably priced for the strip.  Not bad steaks and delicious sides.Love the ambiance of this place.   

My husband took me here for lunch on my birthday and the food was wonderful.  Plus, they did a little Profiterole (cream puff filled with ice cream and topped with chocolate sauce) for my birthday with a candle in it.Had lunch here today with a couple friends. Was nice out so we sat outside at the bar and were attentively taken care of by a guy named Robert, who was fantastic! Had a few appetizers and a sandwich. I had the endive and Roquefort salad along with a warm goat cheese dip with toasted bread. Both were amazing. The people I was with had french martinis which were terrific as they were recommended by Robert. We ended with profiterouls and a chocolate pecan bar and an espresso martini. Everything was great. Thanks for a nice lunch.While in Vegas, I enjoyed many great eateries. So many so that I could't possibly write about them all. Mon Ami Gabi deserves a mention. 

Upon finding out that I'd be in Vegas, a friend who frequents Vegas messaged me with a recommendation for Mon Ami Gabi. A must try, he said. 

So, we did.

I had the Classique (butter) Steak Frites. Grain-fed beef served with their signature hand-cut frites (french fries).

He had the Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce) Steak Frites. Grain-fed beef served with their signature hand-cut frites (french fries). 

I, like many, enjoy a great view. If you're looking for an unobstructed view of the fountains at the Bellagio, the view from Mon Ami Gabi cannot be beat. 

Mon Ami Gabi offers seating inside and out, though we usually prefer to be seated outdoors... we chose to be seated indoors at a table with a direct line of sight between our table and the fountain.

What I found most appealing about Mon Ami Gabi is that (although on the slightly upper scale), it had a very comfortable, casual feel.

For me, aside from the phenomenal eats, the main attraction was... the spectacular view.

If you haven't been before, definitely check it out the next time you're in Las Vegas.We went to Mon Ami Gabi for my sister's birthday. Let me begin with the atmosphere, it's definitely dim with a romantic, one could argue too dim, but I didnt mind. We were seated quickly, but I would recommend a reservation as the line was quite long for those without one. The service was attentive but not overly so. I had the steak frites, the escargot, and the french onion soup. The steak and frites were excellent, the escargot butter, and the french onion soup rich with plenty of delicious cheese. Two in our part complained that the scallops were overly salty and they did not enjoy their meals, but I can't attest to that. If you go, definitely go with the steak frites, it's their specialty and it's obvious.Best place for people watching on the Vegas strip, in my opinion. We came here for brunch and got a prime table outside under a big umbrella. The restaurant is situated right across the street from the Bellagio hotel, and we were able to watch the water show twice before we left. That was a nice bonus view.

The menu is standard fare for brunch - waffles, pancakes, various egg dishes, pastries, and even a cheeseburger or steak frites, if you're leaning more towards lunch than breakfast. Cappuccino was served in a huge bowl. Everything tasted good. Overall, it's a good spot for lunch and is able to accommodate bigger groups and groups with kids.Great place for a steak. I try to come every visit to vegas and always get the hanger steak. If you don't make dinner reservations, there's usually a wait. I went solo a few days ago and was able to sit at back bar immediately. The steak was delicious as expected and the bartenders were awesome.YUM! Best French food I have in the states......love!yumyumyum! My first French restaurant. It was really classy inside & a nice place to take a date, and I guess sitting outside is the business cause it was packed outside, but pretty empty inside. I had the Seafood Crepe for about $14, which was filled with peas & cream & topped with jumbo shrimp & giant delishhh scallops. I shared with a friend, and was satisfied. We originally planned to go to the Bellagio Buffet around 3, but stopped by here for a quick bite since we were starving...but were too full by the time we finished & had to postpone our buffet plans. Bon Appetit!This is a go to spot every time we are in LV, I wish they had one in Socal but I guess that is one of the things that makes Vegas trips special. For the strip, it's an awesome value for what you get, great beer/wine selections and the baguette's are perfection.Sometimes, all a girl needs is a great steak.

This past year has been rather rough.

Dealing with professional and personal issues, including a relationship that involved the other cheating all over the virtual realm, so the escape to Sin City was an escape from all the stress of dealing with animate bs that usually accompanies the aforementioned.  I mean, what is one suppose to do after dealing with a person who was a chronic virtual cheater?  I attempt to forget.  

I had a great time at Hakkasan the night before, so in continuing the positivity, I mentioned to my friend that a steak was in order.  After researching on Yelp mobile for a good yet affordable spot on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi popped up.  A smattering of the reviews were sarcastic regarding the location right on the strip but otherwise, the positive reviews and photos further accentuated my friend's previous positive experience.  Mon Ami Gabi, here we come!

First, as a return visitor, one can consume food anywhere in a building but to have a great meal with the sights and sounds that is Vegas?  Even better.  My friend made the reservations through Open Table/App via Yelp mobile and in the "notes section" I instructed my friend to state we wanted seating on the outdoor patio closer to the railing.

Imagine our delight that the 6:45 reservations for patio seating was confirmed and we were seated immediately with third row views of the Bellagio as well as their water show.  

The crusty and warm french bread came accompanied with a mini ramekin topped off with rich butter as well as a small plate of pickled radishes.  The french bread came in a crackly paper bag, similar to that of purchasing french bread at bakeries.  I ordered the 22-oz bone-in Ribeye steak priced perfectly at $39.95 medium rare and it arrived perfectly sitting atop a bed of frites and a sprigs of watercress, which lent a slightly spicy accompaniment to the amazingly tender Ribeye.  I only had to cut into the steak twice and the steak gave way.  I also ordered the side of mushrooms, which seemed to be a great mix of exotics as well as Crimini mushrooms sautéed in a red wine butter sauce.  My steak came accompanied with Bearnaise but I had no reason to utilize it.  Salt and pepper are my choice of steak flavorings.  An absolute amazing steak, and in my personal opinion, better than what I've had at Morton's and Ruth Chris.  Our dinner was made even nicer with 5 more water shows across the way at the Bellagio and the sights and sounds that make Vegas the loudest and flashiest fun spot in NV.

What has Sin City taught me?  That I am not one to forget nor forgive.  Especially when the virtual indiscretions were that of the abnormal kind.

At least I know that Mon Ami Gabi will always offer great steaks and service and I look forward to my return visit very soon.Oh, Mon Ami Gabi. So yummy. This place also holds a special place in my heart for two reasons: 1) it was when I started becoming a foodie and appreciating what I ate (I'll blame it on the escargots), and 2) the first time I went to Vegas with my best friend and now-husband, we ate here and it was amazing.

Two of us arrived for a reservation for four (the other two were parking the car). Even after being told that, we were led to a corner table with only one extra chair. The guy who took us over was in a suit, so I'm assuming he was one of the managers and not a regular server. He looked more than slightly annoyed and aloof when I reminded him that we were a party of four.

Despite the spotty welcome, our server was attentive and we had a wonderful time (even saw some behind-the-scenes raging in the kitchen behind us, haha), We started off with their warm bread, French onion soup, lobster bisque, sea scallops, and escargots. Everything was delicious as expected, especially the French onion soup and the massive amount of cheese. MMM!

For entrees, I had the seared salmon. It had this lemon cream on it that was soooo good. It was cooked perfectly too; it melted in my mouth. I had a bite of my husband's grilled cheese with short ribs and kinda wished I had room for that as well, haha.

Our friends got a sandwich special and the trout, but I didn't have a bite so I can't comment.

Dessert was the profiteroles. We all said "Oh we'll just have a small bite" when we ordered, but we absolutely DEVOURED the thing when it came out.

Yes, it was a lot of food, but hey, it was New Year's day and we were living it up. ;)This place is great on so many different levels!! 

First off...food quality..the food quality is amazing!! We stated off with oysters as the appetizers and they were fresh and delicious! We ordered the filet mignon (there are two styles the merlot and au pouvre..and both are great!) we also ordered there scallop entree, and if you like scallops..you'd really love these ones. 
Second..the location...the restaurant is placed in a perfect spot. It is in the Paris hotel right on the strip. You can sit inside where it's dark, class and romantic. Or you can sit in the patio which is sitting right on the strip walkway...so you get the energy from people walking by and the hotels tower around you giving you a vegas city awe.
The service...the staff there is exceptional! They are all so classy, friendly, prompt, professional and definitely add to the french experience.
And lastly...the price...usually a restaurant of this caliber is super pricey but surprisingly the price here is very good. A filet at most steakhouses goes for around $60 and here it was only $39 and the rest of the menu was all priced fair. 
Mon Ami Gabi is a great restaurant and an overall great experience. I rate it 5 stars because the entire package is outstanding and I know you'd think so too.The food was great but I have to agree with Dallas H. on the service. Boo. The best service we got was from the water and bread girl. She smiled at us, told us what to order and was, with her limited English, much more helpful than our English-speaking server.

Our waiter was incredibly haughty. Give me a break, dude. You know it's a problem if I leave a restaurant and have had only had one drink. The one drink I was able to order was very tasty, however, and it probably did Brian a favor seeing how I would not get in a taxi without a drink for our entire stay in LV (Read: Johnna was drunk for the length of our stay.) God, I loved drinking in the taxi more than anything. I even tried to bring my drink into Fashion Mall and Brian said no. Anyway, back to what you came here for.

As I was saying the service was crappy. We weren't checked on at all, but luckily, the filet (once it finally came out,) was really, really, really fucking good and prepared properly. I even took a picture of it. They served it with some delicious crispy fries in a shape I've never seen-like thin fry strips. I would have loved these lightly drizzled with a vinaigrette or sprinkled with sea salt. They need to edit this side in some way to make it more special.

Overall, our meals were absolutely delicious-but  the best steak we had in Vegas wasn't here... that bad boy was in another hotel restaurant in the Venetian. I'll be getting to that.

Couples, this is where you go for some Vegas ambiance. Sit out on the patio at night in April; the weather is divine. If you get a seat on the street edge, you will have a full view of the Bellagio fountains-unless you are seated at the only table with bush right in front of it. WTF. That's OK. I got to stare at my sweetheart and the somewhat interesting male couple to my right. Unfortunately, we could hear Celine Dion from our table. This is why the waiter needs to bring me another drink, or at least check to see that we're still alive.

OK, points to remember about Mon Ami Gabi:

1. Sit outside, weather permitting.
2. Bring a hot date/boyfriend/lover.
3. Ask the busser/water girl what to order.
4. Don't expect great service.

Loved it, but can't get over the pissy service... minus one star.Such a perfect place on the strip! The location is perfect especially if you get to sit outside at night and watch the bellagio fountains go off every 15 minutes! The only downfall of this place are the prices.. but it's on the strip so that's a given.Not as expensive as I thought! I went there on off days, as a local. Yummy lunch and front seat for people watching and fountain watching. Great service. Sat there extra long for the expresso.Conveniently located near our hotel, we visited Mon Ami in search of a good a la carte brunch with options galore (and AC on that 112-degree day). Great find! Thank you Emily H. for your tip!

Our party of four all started with the Orange Juice & Boost of Vitamin C. We figured we'd need all the Cs we could get to help with the full "Vegas" day ahead. We each ordered an omelet variation, and one of my friends ordered the Duck Confit Eggs Benedict. Everything was cooked just right and, despite a full restaurant, delivered promptly. 

A waiter that walked nearby dropped a glass that hit the floor spraying pieces everywhere and into my friend's ankle. It dampened the mood a bit; it wasn't a huge cut, but oddly enough did need the band-aid switched several times. It's not the waiter's fault, obviously. The manager stopped by to inquire about the incident and bring extra bandaids. Ultimately, they comped my friend's entree as a courtesy.  

There's so much on the menu I'd like to explore but didn't (classic crepes and the waffles!). The menu offers plenty of options to suit your mood. Whether you want to stay on the healthy side or completely splurge, they have something for everyone. I hope to visit again the next time I'm in the area.Came here for lunch and sat at the window. Strip side. Excellent warm bread to start. Had the patty melt and my husband had the 
Burger. Was really delicious. Good vibe and cool bar area. Highly recommend. Place gets crowded but worth the wait.There are so many reviews already, I'll jut put in my 2 cents on this one. 

Everything my husband and I had here for lunch is executed well.  From the bread that comes in a mini baguette form, hot from the oven in a paper sleeve, to the warm bacon frisee salad, and eggs Benedict and seafood crepe. Flavorful, portions sized just right. 

Seating on the patio is a must for people watching and enjoying the weather.  It's just something you gotta do when you come to Vegas and dine on the strip. 

On the flip side, while it was a great experience, nothing stood out on the menu.  It's classic French food, it's done well, came away feeling satisfied.Had lunch here today and say on the patio. The location was great, the view was perfect, the service fantastic. Our server's suggestions were excellent. My table got the wan goat cheese which was delicious, the warm chicken and Brie cheese (could have used more Brie) Salmon and spinach salad, quiche, and lobster roll.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. I would definitely return.Good food and great view of the fountains from the Bellagio. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and made very good recommendations.Made reservations here on a busy friday night and was seated right away at arrival. The service was good, the view of the bellagio fountains even better, and the food fantastic. The hanger streak was moist and tender and the scallops juicy and plump! We were so suprised to get such excellent quality for such a decent price. The creme brulee was really nice and creamy too but wasn't too sweet. Bf and I both agreed that Mon Ami Gabi was the best meal we had at vegas during our most recent trip and we'd gladly go back !This is the very first restaurant I dined at while in Vegas; we went on a Monday night around 8pm and while there was a 30-45 min wait for outdoor dining, there was no wait time for inside (so of course, being starved from traveling, we opted for the quickest way).  They start you out with very tasty crusty bread and butter and a coleslaw-type salad which is very refreshing.  I ordered a special lemon tarragon halibut which was fantastic, and my friend ordered a salad with salmon and citrus (she said that it was very delicious with a nice large portion of salmon).  Our waiter was very attentive and my water glass was refilled very quickly.....I will definitely eat here again, as I REALLY want to try the steak, and hopefully next time I will be able to sit outside and watch the fountain show @ the Bellagio :)Food was good, not exceptional. My boyfriend and I ordered their steak plates, the au poivre and the borderlaise both medium cooked. The borderlaise came out more medium-well than medium.  The au poivre was tender, and the sauce was a good combination of peppery and saltiness. Both came with crunch thinly sliced frites. 

The view and ambiance was a, it was raining when we went for lunch so we weren't able to sit on the patio area but the inside had an area which was just right behind the patio with huge windows so we were still able to watch the Bellagio fountain while eating!The filet with the red wine reduction? Are you kidding me? Closest thing to Heaven on the strip. Seriously, I need to learn how to make that. It was AMAZING!Top ten restaurants I've ever eaten at.  You have to eat on the patio.  Make a reservation a head of time or you will wait long long time.  My wife and I were seated smack dab in the middle of the patio over looking las vegas blvd and the Bellagio fountain.  Atmosphere including the people watching was mind blowing.  This is one of few if not the only patio restaurant located right on the strip.  We ate there before the sun went down and saw it all happen before are eyes.  The sun fell behind the Bellagio, the lights came on, the freaks came out!   
As far as the food goes it was top notch freaking mouth watering goodness.  Each byte of my steak was orgasmic!  I can't thank Joe (Friend/Waiter) for making the reservation for my wife and I enough.  
FREAKING UNBELIEVABLE!  OH!

One little side story to tell. Before we sat down my wife and I had been standing at the outside patio for about 25 minutes.  We were getting a little tired from being on our feet.  The best table on the patio becomes free.  I think in my head that would be great to be seated there but at this point lets just get a table!  Then all of a sudden this business type tycoon dude comes strolling in with his business partner and just sits smack down at that table I was eyeballing.  They didn't even get seated from an employee.  I thought right away this dude is either an owner or knows someone.  A few moments later our buzzer goes off.  We then go back to the front of the restaurant to be seated back on the patio.  We actually wait another 5 minutes and then all of a sudden I see the business tycoon and his partner being told they must stand in line.  I chuckle to myself and tell my wife what I witnessed.  Finally a woman comes up to us and says allow me to take you to your seat.  We follow her back through the restaurant out to the patio.  The lady turns to me and says we have a really good table for you and your wife.  I turn to my wife as were walking and regurgitate what the lady says and roll my eyes.  We walk back out to the patio and low and behold we get seated at the table that business dude just got booted from.  I felt like we were high rollers!   My wife and I sat down, kissed, and smiled at one another and then proceeded to have a two hour meal of our lives.First time trying Escargot and have to say I loved it!!  Although I had the fish of the day with spina hand as simple as it sounds the spina I was amazing with flavor.  Fish was also Delish!!  After sampling other dishes which were ordered such as riv eye steak,french onion soup.  All was amazing.  Everyone in my party of 8were satusfied with their meal.  Needless to say it was bot inexpensive$$$,vut it was well worth it!!Definitely going back to have breakfast to try that menu upon returning to another Vegas trip!  I would recommend this place for parties,although check menu online.  Dark ambiance that would suit well for a romantic evening also. Bon a petite!Located at the Paris hotel in Viva Las Vegas, this is by far the best French restaurant on the strip. 

For appetizers we ordered baked cheese and it did not disappoint. The filet mignon is cooked in a red wine reduction. I now understand what a tender and flavorful filet is supposed to taste like. A friend ordered the skirt steak and said it was also very good. The house red merlot was also very impressive.

For dessert, we shared the bread pudding. Again another home run!

To get the full experience, ask to be seated outside and enjoy the view of the bellagio fountains (on a weekend expect a long wait for outdoor.

Went back with on girls trip and it did not disappoint!Since we were staying at Paris, we decided to try this always crowded restaurant for brunch. We were able to make reservations on Open Table just in case, and walked in 15 minutes before our reservation as we were starving. I would have liked to wait for the outdoor seating, but my friend prefers indoors so we had a nice table near the outdoor dining area. Much brighter than the area when you first walk into. The restaurant is much larger than I had expected, and we were seated at a nice table that sat 4 for the 2 of us.

They gave us a fresh baguette with butter, very delicious, and didn't tear up the roof of my mouth. We decided to get a butter lettuce/argula salad as we needed some veggies from our fatty weekend. All the sandwiches looked tempting, but I had been on an Earls binge, so I opted for the classic quiche lorraine, and my friend had the chicken and brie crepe.

Our server was very attentive and offered a refill on our mimosas, but sadly we declined. Could get 10 of those for the same price at the casino! :) Mimosa was great though, would definitley recommend. Salad was light and refreshing, and their chickpea croutons were superb. My quiche was perfect, a very good size (medium pizza size) and the egg was creamy and delicious. The crepe was a bit too healthy for me, a wheat type of concoction, but my friend thoroughly enjoyed it. The best part had to be the addition of the french fries. I had read they were like potato chips and they really were. So thin and crispy, anyone who loves crispy fries would love it. They also gave me a lemon aoili and stone ground mustard since I don't eat ketchup.

There was an annoying fly that wouldn't let us enjoy our meal as much as we would have liked to as we had to keep swatting it away. For the price, everything was fantastic, and I would dine here again as their prices of their steak are very fair as well.Yum! 

To start, I had a really well made cosmo and you'd be surprised how easy it is to screw up a cosmo. We were off to a good start. 

The bread they serve is delicious- real, fresh, french bread. 

For dinner, I ordered the scallops which were served with a puree of root veggies and brussel sprouts. It was outstanding. 

Service was wonderful from start to finish.

I would return in a heartbeat.Breakfast at mon ami Gabi was excellent. The atmosphere was very pleasant (dim lighting and mellow music). Even during the busy breakfast to lunch transition the background noises did not ruin the atmosphere.

Our server was very attentive, making sure or water and coffee were always topped-off. He was very pleasant and made some very good recommendations.

The corned beef hash was delicious, and it was actual corned beef, not the canned variety you find in a lot of place. This made my wife a little apprehensive since she's only had real corned beef once and want a fan, but the taste of the corned beef was on point. The hash brown plate that came along was pretty standard.

The waiter also recommended the bacon, I've never been to a place where the bacon was something to recommend, it's always been a pretty standard breakfast side dish, but this bacon was something else. It was thick, and a little sweet and perfectly cooked.

The "pancakes" where the low point. They're not really pancakes. They waiter mentioned they were like crepes, but as far as I'm concerned they WERE crepes, large and thin. They were a little bland, even with the butter cinnamon topping, but their whipped cream made everything better.We went there for breakfast and frankly I can't complain about anything! We were really there for the ambiance and requested to seat outside to see the Bellagio fountains as we dined. We were able to see one of the fountain shows but full disclosure: you can't really hear the music as well, or almost at all for that matter. It was a little crowded but nothing out of control. We ordered omelets and mimosas and to our surprise the food was amazing, granted we were also very hungry. For Paris, it was very reasonably priced.  

Service was a little slow and some of the servers did look a little hurried but we didn't let that stop us from enjoying our vacation, the great view, and good food.I love the location here! right on the strip so its perfect for the day and night. And you can see the beautiful water fountain show that's right across the street. The freshly made bread was delicious! I could have a whole baguette all by myself, it was so fresh and warm. The food was good too but it was the location and bread that made this place great. Also, the prices are a little steep but not too badamazing, great few of the bella giovanni water show at night. I had two glasses of chardonnay, escargot, oysters, filet minon au poivre avec pomme frite, the had a cup of coffee with banana bread pudding. great service great food. if you are in Vegas treat yourself to a nice dinner here. it's a bit pricey. my portion listed about was about $150 but I had three beverages and four courses.Betjening og mad var i top.
Ud over maden var god så havde man også god udsigt til Bellagios smukke springvands show.
Så var maden til halv pris ift. hotellernes priser, hvilket gjorde det ekstra godtIt's a decent, casual place on Vegas strip to chill, have some great food, and to get away from the blistering heat outside for a bit.

The service is great. I asked for seats that is close as possible to patio but not actually out in the sun and they got us a perfect table. 

We ordered escargot baked in herb butter, scallops baked in more butter (this was really yummy), steak au poivre, and a entree salad to share between two. Everything was delicious and in good portion size.Good place for dinner with the beautiful view. Outside patio best view of the Trip. Hang out dinner with good kids. My nephews joining us too. They have good foods.Is Mon Ami Gabi all about the food or the view?
Before dining here I read the many reviews my friends wrote on Mon Ami and half talked about the food and half talked about the cool view of the strip and the people watching. Well, I'm happy to report that Mon Ami Gabi is great for both. 

Located at the Paris hotel, Mon Ami Gabi is a super popular joint because its huge outdoor patio sits right on the strip, with an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains. No matter what time of day you visit Mon Ami the patio is jammed pack full of people. 

Mon is a good spot to visit for any meal. Whether you want breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner you're bound to find something tasty. 
My wife and I ate breakfast here on our most recent trip to LV. I made reservations through Opentable.com and when we arrived we were sat on the patio within mere moments. After looking over the large menu and hearing their daily specials, this is what we ordered;

Me- Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict W/ caramelized onions, hollandaise sauce and hashbrowns http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=hXY6rJfbWKAbfpXatsJ-7g
My Wife- Strawberry Waffle W/ fresh whipped cream and a side of sausage http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=Oym0dA3Z42jtulQx3f_BWQ 

My Benedict was amazing. The meat was super tender and flavorful and both the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce were perfect. I also really enjoyed their housemade English muffins. My wife's waffle was light and crispy and had a warm, fluffy middle. The strawberries that were on top of her waffle were extremely fresh and sweet. The side sausage was good too. To drink we both had a glass of their fresh squeezed OJ, which was super refreshing.

The prices here are really reasonable and our server was super friendly and helpful. 

My favorite part of breakfast though was by far the people watching. Even though it was early, the strip was littered with people who were staggering back to their hotel rooms after a long night of hard partying. And since it was such a cool, beautiful day in Vegas we took our times eating and had a wonderful time watching the entertaining crowd. Next time I want to dine here at night and watch the Bellagio fountain show. 
Check out Mon Ami Gabi for yourself. I know you'll love it.I would come here for the french fries alone!! SO good! I really love crispy fries and their fries are thin and flat so its almost like chips. I got the classique steak which was alright, very thinly cut, but the texture of the meat was a little too mushy for my taste. Maybe it would taste better if I ordered medium rare instead of medium.

Ambiance is great especially if you sit outside, you get a view of the Bellagio fountains. Very sweet and romantic!One of 'Vegas' few civilized spots.  Very good food, fair prices, great ambiance and nice views of the water show right across the Strip at Bellagio.

Tip: No matter how long they tell you the wait is to sit outside, you can just walk out there on your own and sit at the outside bar.Yum!!!!! Their steak frites are SO amazing. The meat just melts in your mouth - I'm craving this as I write this review. My friend and I ordered the filet mignon one, and although it was pricey, it was worth every bite to me!WOW. WOW. WOW.

The staff was attentive. The view of the Bellagio Fountains from the patio was romantic. They serve bread (freshly baked) and butter at each meal.

I ordered a salmon and was EXTREMELY please. Most places over-cook fish and I'm a stickler for properly cooked fish. I'm constantly yelling at my husband, "Don't over-cook the fish!" In fact, I'm surprised I ordered the fish, considering how often I have been disappointed by restaurants in the past. Mon Ami did not disappoint!

Overall... very happy with this restaurant. I read some past YELP reviews and noticed the "understaffed" comments. All I have to say is that it's really difficult for restaurants to staff appropriately for rushes. We, however, were there during a "non-rush" time and were extremely flattered by the attentiveness of the staff. 

Good Job!Food was good. Pomme frites are yummy. I got the black peppered filet mignon and my company got T bone steak. IMHO if you are opting for steak the T bone was much more yummy. 

Make reservation early for dinner since they are always busy.Many restaurants in Vegas has such an indoor feel....and the attention is on keeping you inside a casino or design elements.  But my experiences in France are all otherwise.  This place is fun for that reason.  The decor is fun and the patio allows for more the cafe or brasserie experience.   The wife and I escaped a group and happened upon this place and were pleasantly surprised.    Not the best french I have had by any means, but cocktails helped make it a fun lunch.  The frisee salad with a poached egg was nice, and so was the Salmon with spinach.Mon Ami Gabi is a lovely restaurant at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas.  I highly recommend dining at their patio during the non-summer months.  I imagine that it must be a bit uncomfortable to dine outside when the temperature is over 100 degrees.  We dined there last February.  It was chilly, but there were many heat lamps set up throughout the outdoor dining area.  They worked almost too well cause I was feeling very hot!  We were seated at a perfect spot for watching the Fountains at Bellagio show!  5 stars for the patio dining ambiance!!

Most of the food we had that evening was delicious.  Complimentary baguette was fresh, warm, and tasty.  Ordered their Escargot for an appetizer, and it did not disappoint.  Those were some yummy tasting snails!!  My wife ordered their Cassoulet.  This stew with meat and beans was okay, but I wouldn't order it again for the future. My Hanger Steak was cooked perfectly and was so flavorful!  Even the frites that came with it were yummy.  4 stars for the food that evening.

Highly recommend a trip to Mon Ami Gabi especially if you are staying at the Paris Hotel in Vegas!  4 stars overall for this classic French bistro!This place is huge and it pumps out a lot of covers! Most of the restaurants that the parent company Lettuce us Entertain You do really hi volume

There is a reason why the are so successful and everyone love eating here.

Great quality, consistency, and good service is what you will expect. You won't find any thing super creative, just reasonable prices for what you get!View of the Bellagio water show? Check.

Expensive drinks that tasted like a peach gummy? Check.

Air conditioning so cold I had to borrow my man's jacket? Check.

A nice place open past 10pm when we really needed that? Check.

I had a blast here. Our one night in Vegas we decided to make awesome in terms of food and drink. I had a tomato salad that tasted so lemony, it blew my mind. I suspect the olive oil on it was lemon infused. It was like crack. My scallops were also good, and my bf had a huge half a chicken that we couldn't get close to finishing.

For dessert we shared a creme brulee, which was also yummy. This place and our fabulous hotel room upgrade really makes me want to go back to Vegas, and I didn't think that would happen, at all. :)Paris or Vegas?  When dining al fresco at Mon Ami Gabi, it's can be hard to tell.   Producing a memorable sidewalk cafe experience, we thoroughly enjoyed starting the day here!  Service was friendly and snappy.  Croissants were divine, as were other pastries and bread.  An order of quiche produced a whole pie that was delicious.  Muesli was fresh and very good according to our healthy focused teen.  The skinny lemon pancake with mint syrup was sweet, a bit savory and free from too much guilt.  A lovely dining experience.  With my husband a bit sick, he ordered the Emergen-C and to our delight came orange juice, fresh mint, an orange shell filled with fresh orange segments and a packet of Emergen-C!  The presentation alone would send someone on the road to recovery!  All in all, an unforgettable dining experience.I came to celebrate my friends birthday here with Norma Jean O. To really experience this place you HAVE TO SIT ON THE PATIO. It just brings a certain ambiance to it, and I can't deny, if they replaced our eccentric tourists with more sofisticated strollers, I'd be as close to the look and feel Paris as I can get. The view is worth the seating and price, and it really sets the mood for something intimate or toned down. Definitely an atmosphere to easily strike conversation.

I had the All Natural Chicken Breast with Frittes. It was a great dish, but the only thing I was really dissappointed about was the fact that the dish was nothing special. Nothing that makes Mon Ami's chicken breast different from any other joint that serves chicken breast. I'd expect a 5 star quality chicken experience for the price you pay for. The chicken was very tender, and it is a big portion of chicken so that made me feel a bit more satisfied. I watched my friends eat the escargot for appertizer. Honestly, it smelled delicous and sounded delicous, but my heart wasn't ready to try it so I passed on that one. But, if you have a strong stomach and heart, and have the courage to try it, I WOULD suggest to try it. I heard its amazing.

We pretty much knocked down a bunch of desserts in the end, but what I loved and remembered was the banana bread with ice cream. Soft and delicous, and it had that light crunch due to the walnuts. Yay!5 star on the strip overlooking bellagio fountains and very romantic at night. They need to get rid of the street performers in front on the sidewalk... It takes away from the ambiance.

Good is really good. Escargot, French onion soup, steak frittes and good wine. Relax and enjoy for lunch or dinner.This is my favorite sit-down restaurant in Vegas and it's French! 

I've eaten here every single Vegas trip minus one. And during that one I definitely tried to eat there with my friends but unfortunately we didn't plan ahead for this one.  It is hard to get in here without reservation, so plan ahead! You'll be fine with at least 2 week advance reservations. 

I LOVE the location because I always request to sit on the patio so I can watch Bellagio's water shows. They usually have a light mist on the patio to keep you cool during the hot summer. The inside of the restaurant looks nice as well, though it does get sort of loud.

On to the food: I never miss out on their filet mignon with merlot butter. I can safely say it is the best filet mignon I've had yet because of its merlot butter. I haven't found this sauce anywhere else so I praise its uniqueness. The filet mignon just melts in your mouth. Add a glass of merlot or cabernet and you have a blissful dinner listening to opera music from across the street. 

Their spread for their bread is just delicious! It changes up but it's always unique and refreshing. I remember distinctly a sweet carrot sort of spread. yum. 

I miss the merlot butter filet mignon so much that I've tried recreating it at home. I found a good recipe on Food Network and successfully attempted it. However it will never replace my whole great experience at Mon Ami.Wow!  Is all I can say. The crepes and hasbrowns were awesome. There wasn't one bite I took without having chicken on it. Breakfast on this patio is a breath of fresh air. The waitress is very informative and absolutely lovely. The sun is shining and it's 103 degrees ... but I'm not overly hot as this patio is shaded with umbrellas.Excellent food and service.  Not pretentious at all (I'll be honest, I was expecting it to be).  We've been back a few times for the view, the service but mostly for the excellent food.

Get the warm Brie appetizer, you won't be disappointed.This is a Sunday brunch review:
Croque monsieur is good.
Lobster roll is also good.   
The service is fantastic. With a reservation, we were seated promptly waiting less than 2 mins even though it was a busy Sunday brunch.  Reservations recommended but it will be for indoor seating.  The patio is first come first serve.Great view.  Don't expect to hear the music much though from the fountain show.

Our server was fantastic and made sure that our meal was quick and yummy so we didn't miss our show.

We got the goat cheese to start with and it was served with toasted garlic bread (Get this!) and I had the fish and fries and the BF had the steak. 

I don't think that the food was a 5 star so that's why it's a 4.  The service was fantastic though. 

I can see why it's popular!Came here for breakfast and I left very happy with my overall experience.

Frankly you can give this place 4 stars simply for its amazing location right on the strip across from the Bellagio fountains.  The view here is great and the fact they keep even the outdoor area cool with huge blasts of AC is an accomplishment in of itself.

The breakfast chow was pretty decent.  I had a simple ham and cheese omelet and it was good.  A nice side of potatoes helped round out the meal.  But the real attraction for me was being able to simply sit right on the Vegas strip and take in the nice street view across from the Bellagio.  Nothing is more relaxing than sipping my morning coffee while soaking in the surroundings.

If you want something classy and somewhat refined as opposed to the usual craziness of the Vegas strip, definitely pay a visit here.  The food isn't cheap but the experience is worth the price.For lunch we ordered a corn beef sandwich special and the scallops. Both equally delicious, but the scallops were out of this world! Perfect combo of mushrooms, pearl onion, and creamy sauce! Definitely coming back soon!Came here for a romantic dinner with the BF, sat inside because we had a reservation and didn't want to wait, and loved it!

We knew from the get go we wanted to get the seafood platter (meant to share) and we decided to get a couple of appetizers.  We narrowed it down and asked the waitress to help us decide.  We ended up going for:

1. Seafood platter - lobster, oysters, and shrimp.  It only came with 4 oysters I think, but everything tasted wonderful.  Shrimps were huge! Lobster was such a treat.
2. Baked cheese - just... awesome.  Never had anything like it.
3. Chicken liver mouse (think pate) - good!  loved the little breads, olives, and pickles that came with it.  

All highly recommended. It was plenty for two people, we even took some home.  Baked cheese for breakfast ftw.  I love how they give you a baguette and butter too.  Service was great.

Oh, and seeing the couple get engaged near us was also very cute!  I definitely want to go back and try the fish and steak next time!Sarah was fantastic, she really made my wife's B-day special. To start her b-day is Dec 29th and my wife says "it is a sucky day" to have a b-day" since it's so close to Christmas. Last we went to Bouchon and the service was so horrid that my wife swore she would never go back. (It was her favorite place for a long time which made it even worse) This year we decided to give this place  try and found a completely different experience thanks to Sarah. She made sure that my wife felt the B-day love with out over doing it and the food was amazing. I think we have found our new favorite French restaurant in Las Vegas. I highly recommend the steak frites with the dejon mustard sauce.First off I'd start by says love me so French style breakfast! Second for seating if recommend sitting inside vs. out no need for the Vegas heat ( but if u want that patio and side walk feel & sweat go for it, however the inside is better and shorter wait time) the chicken liver pate is great if u like pate of course the eggs Benedict is awesome ( got the special of course and the steak and fritters was solid if u meet need your man protein ! And the Bananas foster waffle was like eating ur child hood away at all you family vacations at the breakfast buffet x100 which I enjoyed ! And there special thin dijor Swedish style pancake special with fruits and a zesty lemon glaze sauce was fire !!!Mon Ami Gabi is practically a landmark. In fact, this place is so deeply-engrained in my childhood memories that I can hardly imagine thinking about Vegas without being reminded about this restaurant. Yes... I spent a lot of time in Vegas as a child, don't ask me why.

Despite the fact that Mon Ami Gabi is probably one of the most tourist-populated restaurants on the Strip, the food here is actually quite food and affordable. I have very fond memories of their croque monsieur, mussels and frites, crepes and benedicts. 

What I was actually very pleasantly surprised by on my recent return with the bf however, was the level of service at this constantly bustling place. Our server (who lived in Chicago for a while, as we learned) was cordial, attentive, and absolutely accommodating. Not only was it a breath of fresh air from the typical customer service in Manhattan, but it was even impressive for Vegas standards. Well, the olive tapenade with ricotta and toast, seafood crepe, and my frisee and kale salad with warm bacon and poached egg weren't too shabby either. 

Add to that the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains either from the patio seating or brightly-lit pavilion section, and Mon Ami Gabi really is one of the best places to relax after a crazy night.

Hmm, I guess I had pretty decent taste even as a small child. Ha.Love this place!  I've eaten there both times I visited Vegas. I ate lunch there two times and breakfast once.  Never had the pleasure of dining there for dinner.  Wish I had so I could give this place the full five-star rating it probably deserves.  They have a wonderful array of fine wines and the food is beautifully presented as well as delicious.  I had the savory crepes (shrimp and scallops), which was so good I just had to order it again the next time I had lunch there. Ordered Eggs Benedict for breakfast this trip and enjoyed it immensely.  If you take my advice and eat at this restaurant, make sure you get a window view or sit outside to take advantage of Bellagio's most spectacular water show.  It will surely add to your experience.A pleasant dining  experience. My wife took the chicken mouse pate and the scallops whereas I had a Hanger steak with pomme frites. The steak was ok but a bit tough but my wife enjoyed her meal. There is a nice atmosphere for people watching and a view of the Bellagio fountains.A bit of Paris smack dab in the middle of the Vegas Strip, with patio seating facing the Italian fountains of the Bellagio, down the street from pink "Flamingo's" and a hotel named after the Roman General, Julius "Caesar's".   Vegas in all it's glory is what it is.  Something for any one, and the adult playground to everyone.  Sprinkle in various food establishments to fit everyone's palettes and you're bound to satisfy the droves of people that make their way to this desert city.  Mon Ami Gabi fits the French casual yet elegant cuisine.  

I've been twice, and each time having a version of Steak Frites (Au Poivre peppercorn and the one with a Burgundy sauce).  The frites are fried to a crisp and none were soggy or oily.  Had a glass of wine with each meal and I was a happy camper.   

For me, it was good enough and I'd honestly come back here again to fit the bill of a casual dining place that doesn't break the bank, which has nice views of the beautiful Bellagio fountains.Mon Ami Gabi is located inside Paris.  We had reservations here, but we still had to wait about 15 minutes.  This restaurant is beautiful.  We had a great table located inside which had a view of Bellagio.  We got to see the water show a couple times from our table.  

The food was delicious.  They serve complimentary fresh bread which was soooooo good.  I could eat that all day.  It comes with some marinated carrots which tasted great with the bread.  I ordered a steak which was huge!  It was bigger than both my hands put together.  It is very thin.  It's served with fries.  It was a ridiculous amount of food.  

Planning to come here?  Don't hesitate, but make sure you make a reservation!Delicious awesome and a great atmosphere!
Makes u feel like you're not in the states anymore!  Frangria was fabulous!!!Really great restaurant. A little pricey, but across from the Bellagio fountains and the food was amazing, so well worth it.this place is always awesome year after year...breakfast or dinner.  good food, prices that match it and good service.  can't go wrong and also, awesome view.  love this place.Went here for New Year's!  I loved it!!!! Everything was amazing!  I specially recommend the escargot on puffed pastry (forget the name) and the filet mignon with pomme frittes!  Oh, oh, oh and the creme bruleeeee!  Can't wait to go back.Our favorite restaurant!  I love the Pavillion room ambiance and the steak frites are the bomb!This place is the best!  The service was great and staff were frienfly, not stuffy. They made suggestions when asked and we're truthful, not promoting high cost items.Amazing food. We stopped in here for breakfast everything was fantastic the eggs Benedict, the bacon, eggs, hashbrowns, coffee everything was excellent. Only thing I can think about is the price, but hey that's Vegas for you. Service was great even had a real French waitress.Had the Brioche french toast and eggs Benedict.  First class and creative all the way and quite reasonable.  Well done.Made reservations for Saturday breakfast the night before. Two out of our group of five were running late, so they wouldn't seat us till everyone in our party was there. Which meant that we missed the cutoff for breakfast at 11am. They still have brunch options on the Lunch menu so I still got my breakfast, coffee and blueberry french toast! 
Loved this restaurant and sad we couldn't make it back before going back home! Next time would like to sit outside on the patio. (No reservations for patio seating)Good place to go if you want reasonable food on the strip but don't want to spend too much. Notice it's on the upper range of the $$ range, so expect to spend ~$30/person.Definitely one of my favorite places to grab brunch in Las Vegas. Especially when we are seated outside (which is almost always) and can people watch while enjoying our meal and sipping on their phenomenal mimosas.
I can only speak for the brunch and breakfast menus, which are kickass. My personal favorites are their omelettes and waffles.
Service is always on point. I'll visit again and again... and again...Outstanding. Food, atmosphere, view. A+. I have eaten here 5 out of my 7 trips to Vegas and will go back for sure. A true gem.My wife and were in Las Vegas for a convention at the Tropicana but spent the later part of the trip at The Bellagio. We found this restaurant across the street and decided to give it a try. Best meal all week. We ordered three items off the appetizer menu, the duck confit, the chicken liver mousse and the scallops. All three dishes were delicious and nicely presented. We each had a French Martini which is now my favorite drink. If possible try to get a seat on the patio since The views of the Bellagio fountain show are incredible and add  to the wonderful experience.  For dessert, if available, I highly recommend the white chocolate bread pudding. Service was top notch.My fiancé and I planned a small wedding in Vegas and needed a good, yet affordable, restaurant for our reception dinner.  Since we were staying at the Paris and I had eaten there before and knew it was good, we decided on Mon Ami Gabi.  

I got in touch with the event coordinator, Drew, who sent me information via email including prices for a private party room with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Although that sounded lovely, we were not having too many guests and opted for a table in the main dining room.  Therefore, no deposit was needed.  All we had to do was make the reservation and confirm the number of guests 24 hours prior to the dinner.  I also asked if we could drop off favors beforehand to have set up at each place setting, which they were happy to accommodate.

The dinner went very smoothly and was a big success.  We arrived on time and our table for 17 was ready with the favors.  Drink and appetizer orders were taken and delivered quickly and everything was delicious!  They also brought out bread and rolls.  Just about everyone ordered some kind of steak and once again, everything was brought our swiftly.  Our meals were perfect!  Everyone was raving!  Dessert was also amazing; bread pudding, crème brulee, some kind of chocolate yumminess, etc.

Something needs to be said about the atmosphere, too; lots of dark wood, wine bottles lining the wall and large windows facing the fountains.  The lighting was dim and elegant.  It's the type of place at which I would expect to pay a lot more.

And speaking of...the bill, including gratuity, came out to less than half of what we had budgeted for!  Great deal!

Overall, we were very pleased with the planning, service, and quality of the food.  I look forward to dining there again when I'm back in Vegas!My first trip to Las Vegas was when I was 11. More or less, about 15 years ago. They say this place is a staple on the strip. I say, "Whoever says that, is absolutely right!" I've been coming to Mom Ami Gabi for years. We always make sure to dine here one night whenever my family and I come back. We are ALWAYS satisfied with decor, service and of course, THE FOOD! 

You must come here if you're visiting LV. You must. Seriously, stop reading the reviews and come here. The food is actually worth the price! This French restaurant, steak house, bistro, whatever, I don't care, this place is fantastic! 

Two musts: the onion soup and the bread. I don't eat white bread ever but something's in life can't be passed by. 

This is a 5 star establishment. Make reservations! Ask for the outside patio area, order some wine and steak!one of my favorite restaurants.  I've been to the Vegas location 3 times and one in Maryland once...always fabulous!  I love the hanger steak, the french onion soup, and the frise salad.  So great to sit out on the patio and enjoy the night!Came here for Christmas dinner finally after numerous trips to vegas and saying "I want to go there!!"  Well I finally went and it was great food.  We ordered the cheese plate for appetizer and it was to die for, especially with the fresh baked baguette that they kept brining to my table after we fell in love with it.   We ordered the 22 oz bone in steak to share with garlic spinach and whipped cauliflower.  OMG!!! it was better than mashed potatoes and was just the best fluffy, creamy goodness that I have ever tasted.  The steak was cooked to perfection and the ambience was the best as well.  

I am a sucker for parisian ambience and this place is the place for it.  I must say I was a little ticked off by the staff that help the waiters at the table... they were not the nicest people and just plopped and slided the plates on the table when they arrived, until I had to say something and they they all got nice....... interesting. Needless to say our waitress was fantastic and answered all our questions about the menu and made sure to check on us without being too overbearing.  

Apparently the hot ticket dinner item was the beef bourginione which I will have to order next time I am in vegas..... love that beef!!!Das Mon Ami Gabi ist definitiv einen Besuch wert, wenn man in Vegas auf der Suche nach unfrittiertem Essen oder gehobener Küche ist. Die Wartezeit betrug für uns (wir waren zu zweit) 15 Minuten, die wir, mit einem Piepser ausgestattet, im Casino verbringen konnten. Somit kann man die Zeit zumindest "sinnvoll" nutzen und seinen Kontostand aufpolieren ;) der Vollständigkeit halber sei erwähnt, dass diese Wartezeit nur für die Terrasse galt, im Innenbereichen des Restaurants hätten wir umgehend einen Tisch erhalten.

Das Ambiente im Restaurant selbst empfanden wir als recht drückend (schummriges Licht, dunkles Mobiliar), auf der Terrasse hingegen hat man perfekte Sicht auf die Wasserspiele des Bellagio gegenüber.

Der Service war sehr angenehm und zuvorkommend. Als Appetizer gab es ofenfrisches Baguette, Butter und einen kleinen "Gruß aus der Küche". 
Die Hauptgerichte, welche wir aus dem vielfältigen Angebot wählten, (Ragout vom Wildschwein auf selbstgemachten Nudeln sowie Hühnchenpaillard auf einem Basilikum-Rucola-Püree) waren ausgezeichnet und geschmacklich sehr ausgewogen. Eine erfrischende Abwechslung zu Burger und Pommes.

Hinsichtlich des Preises für eine Abend im Mon Ami Gabi kann man sagen: Ja, die Preise sind höher, wenn man sie mit den meisten Fast-Food-Restaurants am Strip vergleicht, allerdings bekommt man dafür gehobene Kost von hervorragender Qualität, rundum guten Service und einen wunderbaren Ausblick auf der Terrasse.Great environment. Great Food. Great Service! 

My gf and I were running late so we extended our reservation and gladly they were able to do so. In the end, we were still very late (we had to walk from aria to take the tram from city center to get bellagio then walk over to paris).  For a sec, I thought we would have to wait in line for our table and then we would have to run to MGM to catch our show @ 930. But turns out, our table was still there and it was a pretty good spot (right next to the window). So we didn't have to sit outside and deal with heat, but at the same time we were able to see the fountains at Bellagio. 

Food wise. We decided to go with seafood because we had enough of buffets and steaks. We ordered 3 dishes: Mussels Mariniere (white wine and herbs), Escargots, Seared Sea Scallops. I must admit I was really impressed with the Scallops and Mussels. Scallops and Mussles were really fresh and tender. Due to bad experiences with escargots, i have not had it for years until I came to Mon Ami Gabi. And lets just say the escargot was not too bad. Also, i believe the mussels came with fries, which tasted like chips. Not bad. 

Dinner was served quickly. Service was great. We didn't need to rush for the show. We had more than enough time. We ended up having time to walk from Paris to MGM. Overall, this was a fantastic experience. My gf and I will be back on our next trip to Vegas.....Mon Ami Gabi.Ah Mon Ami Gabi...
As a French native who visits my family back in France on a regular basis, French cuisine is my absolute favorite.  More so, it's gotta be good.  

I had wanted to try Gabi for a long time, and decided that my birthday would be the perfect occasion, especially since I had a rather large group.  We were seated inside on a Wednesday evening.  It was definitely crowded but not overpacked.  The atmosphere was trendy and the mood was rather romantic (a la francaise, biensur) and we had a lovely view of the Bellagio Fountains and the Strip! Overall, we had a fantastic time! Our server was very nice and attentive, as were his assistants.  I began the evening with my favorite beverage - a French martini.  It was made just the way it should be! (I've definitely had some less than stellar French martinis before).  For the appetizers, I ordered the escargot.  The green sauce it came in was UNBELIEVABLE! Probably one of our favorite parts of the meal! The bread was delicious and warm, and we kept dipping it in the green escargot sauce - SO GOOD!

Before the main course, we ordered some red wine.  Unfortunately, I do not remember exactly what that wine was, but it was a French red, middle priced - very good! I ordered the steak frites dijon - delicieux! I like my meat cooked medium rare, and it was cooked to perfection! We ordered sides of sautéed mushrooms and asparagus - brilliant as well!

Frankly, we were just too full to order dessert...but since it was my birthday, the server brought out a lovely piece of chocolate cake with "Happy Birthday" written on it! I loved the personalized touch - little details like that mean a lot! I will definitely return soon! Perhaps I'll try the cheese platter as well next time:-) Thank you Gabi for a wonderful birthday evening!Got the Jumbo Crab Cake. Plate of of crab, people at the bar were very nice and helpful.I always enjoy meals here. Made a last minute reservation after a show. Was a Monday night so wasn't hard to get an Open Table res at 10pm.  We were promptly seated in the main restaurant. Our waiter promptly greeted us. They have quite a few wines by the glass at a reasonable price. I always order some variation of steak frites here so ordering didn't take long.  I had the filet au poivre with brussels sprouts (I know, sad no frites). My companion had the classic steak frites. We spilt a side of spinach.  Both steaks were cooked according to order and sides were great. The bread here is addictive. If you are avoiding bread don't let it come to the table. It can't be resisted. 

Overall, you can count on this restaurant for a solid meal on the strip.  Fun with a group or not.  I wouldn't recommend for a romantic meal.  Table are very close, and the noise level is high. If you're in the mood for people watching the patio overlooks the sidewalk and the Bellagio fountains.Great outdoor patio to eat lunch or dinner.  I had the Duck confit....pretty well prepared with Cherries & Potatoes.  Tuna Melt is to die for...served with roasted veggies like artichokes, olives, red onions!   They also serve a great Fangria (French version of Sangria)  The only downfall is the bread they serve is sooooooo hard.  :-(Incredible! One of the best restaurants in Las Vegas! I had the Carmelized sea scallops with pea purée and it was wonderful. We sat on the outside terrace at sunset and tourist watched! I've lived in Vegas 21 years and this is my new favorite place to go on the strip, highly recommended.Excellent food and service. We had the Waffles with Caramelized apples and the Steak and Frites. Both were very flavorful and would highly recommend them.We had reservations for Saturday on Labor day weekend. We were promptly seated with no problem. 

Super great service. Our waiter was amazing - described everything we wanted to know in the menu without being pretentious and even gave recommendations. Food came out swiftly and delicious. The portions are large, which made me happy. I also enjoyed the unique selection of french fare, like escargot and imported cheese. We had the sangria for the table, filet mignon, salmon, Bordelaise steak, and Au Poivre steak. All were great, I would suggest the oysters and filet mignon. We had no room for dessert, but we'll be back!

It's not the most exquisite french food or exotic, but I enjoyed: the taste, portion, atmostphere, customer service, and especially the price. Cost the same as a Cheesecake factory, but you can't get Mon Ami Gabi everywhere!We had an enjoyable dinner tonight.  It was really busy but I was able to make a 7:45 pm reservation via Opentable 40 minutes before the reservation.  What made the dinner so enjoyable was the friendliness of the staff, starting with the hostess and ending with our stellar waitress, Tracy.  She checked up on us often without being intrusive.  Our water glasses were filled constantly.  The dishes we ordered included:

-Two bowls of French Onion Soup- very filling with the right amount of melted cheese and bread.  It was on the sweeter side but good.
-Trout Amandine:  The trout was tasty but just slightly over cooked. The green beans were crispy and well seasoned.
-Mussels Mariniere, full order with frites.  The creamy white  sauce was delicious as a dip for bread.  The mussels were good but a bit too small.  However, the portion was big. The frites were thin fries that were slightly too crispy for me.
-Bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream- it typically is one of my favorite desserts.  However, the  bread was slightly too dense. 

We liked the fresh French bread in a bag.  The restaurant is easy to get to- it is across the street from the Bellagio Fountains. The dining room was dimly lit- I would have preferred a brighter dining area.  Overall, we really liked our friendly and attentive server.  The food was good so I would give it 3.5 stars.I had my bday brunch here.  The decor was a classic/ trendy tavern.  Everyone's dish was impressively presented.  

I ordered the Lump Crab salad sandwich which was so good!! But the mussels are highly recommended.

I'll come back again!!!I ate here for breakfast two days in a row. The food was delicious, and they have gluten free options! The staff was knowledgable on how to handle my meal, and served mine differently than everyone else's. The staff was so wonderful - so friendly, helpful and pleasant. Both our waiters on each day were so cheerful and helpful! We sat outside one of the days. In the Vegas heat it was still cool with the shade.I would probably give it 5-stars but I didn't really eat enough to know if it really commands 5 stas. We really enjoyed what we ordered and actually, we thought it was MUCH better than Bouchon, which I found extremely overrated.

I only had the French onion soup and a frisee salad with a poached egg and bacon. Wow, the salad was so great--I loved it and I was not really expecting much. On the other hand, the soup was good; the classic French onion soup. My husband had a steak with blue cheese, which was very tender and tasty. It's not a great cut of meat but they prepared it well. 

As for the atmosphere, it was a little noisy and crowded but no more so than Bouchon. In fact, the style is very similar but a little more cozy while Bouchon is cavernous.

Overall Mon Ami Gabi was worth the money and I will return.Wanted to impress friends in town from Hawaii and Mon Ami Gabi wowed them (and me)!  Stopped in for early dinner, luckily with reservations.  By the time we left, both patio and dining room were filled, with a line out the door--and it was a Monday!  Service was very attentive and our server was a treasure trove of knowledge (we know what the Gabi is about); the tomato fennel soup was creamy and flavorful, poured steaming from a kettle; and the chocolate bread pudding irresistible.  Putting this on the gotta-come-back list!The house blend coffee was awesome.
I tried salmon poached egg and waffles both delicious.
The server was nice and social i know some people don't like it when servers talk but i am opposite i like them to be social and friendly.
Unfortunately there was a line to sit outside so we sat inside still nice cozy corner we could talk and hear each othetWOW. Delicious! Mon Ami Gabi beyond exceeded my expectations! When I filtered through the Yelp search for most reviewed and ratings, both times Mon Ami Gabi popped up in Las Vegas. 

My party and I got here around 8AM and was hoping to get a patio table but the line for the patio was way too long, so we opted for indoors! Our wait was only around 15 minutes or so. Our table was a nice surprise to me- it was actually outdoors with a roof shade over it. So that was nice. We still got a view of the Bellagio Fountain and the Strip. 

Our server was nice and patient with us. I ordered the Eggs Benedict and it was AMAZING. The hollandaise sauce was perfect and the eggs were cooked just right! Not to mention their hash browns are so yummy! 

I would definitely recommend this place to everyone; it's kid friendly as well!Wonderful dinning experience. Ended up having dinner in the restaurant part verses the patio which was our first choice, but even with a reservation you still are not promised outside. Other then seating dinner was perfect. I ordered the salmon which was cooked to perfection.We celebrated here after our Vegas wedding a year ago today. Staff was wonderful & all our guests are STILL raving about the food & the whole experience. This place is WOW!First things first, MUST sit on the patio. They had told us the wait was 10-15 minutes, we waited about five minutes and they had called us. Either way, sit at the bar and enjoy the bartender. Very nice! The patio faces the Bellagio hotel and the fountains. So, you can see the fountain show while enjoying amazing food and service. 

AMAZING! Simply amazing! We had gone for lunch and had gotten the steak frites, OMG. So so so good! I'm not a steak person, but someone had told us we had to try the steak frites. I'm so glad we did, ate the entire meal. The fries were crunchy and yummy. Our waiter was such a sweetheart, even sneaked in some birthday desserts for my friend and I (shhh). It was some sort of pastry sandwich with ice cream and hot fudge on top. Not going to question it, just ate it. It was amazing! Needless to say, we left beyond satisfied and returned the next day for breakfast/ brunch. 

Oh boy! Out of control goodness. We had waited about ten minutes to sit in the patio, enjoyed a peach bellini in the meantime at the bar. I had ordered the Nutella waffles, with a side of eggs. Amazing! The service was great, and we were able to see the Bellagio do their fountain shows again! 

Definitely recommend this restaurant!Lovely view of the Bellagio fountain (I highly recommend requesting an outdoor seating, totally worth the wait), very romantic. Just know that reservations are only available for indoors, outdoor seating is via first come first serve. The food came out great, and I enjoyed the people watching. :)I usually feel ripped off after I eat French food, but here, what you get is worth what you pay for. You can't go wrong with their steak. Service was good but it could have been friendlier.

JONASAPPROVED!I chose Mon Ami Gabi, because of its Yelp rating and proximity to my hotel. I was not disappointed, and neither were any of my friends.

The food was excellent, though a little pricey considering it was lunch fare. I had a chicken sandwich with Brie, and apple slices. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I was actually hoping for brunch, which unfortunately they only serve on Sundays, but I left completely satisfied with my second choice. My only culinary complaint is with their 'french fries' which are super thin cut and crispy like chips. They totally suck.

The service was great, the Bloody Marries were excellent, and the atmosphere was inviting and unique.Wonderful location right on the strip across the street from the Bellagio. We stopped here for a late dinner after a long day of shopping. Even though it was busy we were able to get a seat on the patio, right on the strip.

The food was really good, we started with the shrimp cocktail - the shrimp were huge and cooked to perfection. I had the Roast Chicken and Frites which was very tender and tasty. I liked the crispy skinny "frites". Could've used a little more veggies to balance out the plate, but other than that it was all good.Yay for Mon Ami Gabi

Service: 4.5
Food: 4.5
View: 5 (from where we were sitting)
Portion in proportion to price: 4
Decor: 4

That's my overall breakdown for everything. 

What a great place! My boyfriend & I came here on our last night in Vegas. We requested outdoor seating and we lucked out with, what I think is, the best seating. We got the corner seating with a PERFECT view of the Bellagio watershow and didn't have numerous people walking back and forth right in front of us. 

We ordered the pate, salmon, steak bearnaise (?), french onion soup. Everything was delicious, very decent sized portions and very filling. I would go into more detail but I'm too lazy. Basically, you can't fail with any of these choices. 

The atmosphere was pretty interesting. Right when you walk into the restaurant, it's pretty dim and seems more like a romantic setting but as you walk toward the outdoor seating, the atmosphere gets more lively. Or maybe that was just my take on it all.

Basically, this is a great place for a date or even for a group to come here. Sitting outside is awesome (but be sure to do it later in the evening when it isn't scorching hot).Your typical French fare, which is always delicious. Service was top notch. Only eaten here for breakfast. Had steak frittes and french onion soup. Was delish.Oh so delicious! Reservations a must, even if you have to wait in a crazy line to be seated!!. We requested seating on the patio and were seated immediately at 8pm. The cool air from the restaurant was perfect to deflect the heat of the night! The fountains of Bellagio and the people on the sidewalk made for a perfect night. Our waiter was very stern faced, no smile but very informative and attentive. Our bus person was smiling and and great with water service and brought a complimentary appetizer and some bread. Our table had had a mishap prior to our seating and not all the spilled water had been cleaned up. Sitting in it was unpleasant and NOT being offered something to dry with by the waiter was unpleasant but thankfully the night air took care of that quickly! 

Salmon was good, a bit salty but the pea sauce was YUM YUM YUM! Burger with Blue cheese was tasty good. Wine and cocktails very good. Overall the atmosphere is what makes this sooo special. At the end of the evening, our waiter brought the bill and along with it an EAR TO EAR GRIN!Was pleasantly surprised.  Was not expecting such an awesome event.   We arrived at noon.  We did not want outdoor seating as it was 107 already.  We were pleasantly seated in the porch area.  We got a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountain show.

I order the tuna salad, which is prepared rare - perfect - with all the ingredients of a nicoisse. My hubby got the full order of mussels and a side of fries.  The mussels, oh my the mussels.  The sauce was amazing.  They brought out fresh bread and we just loved to dip it in the sauce.  
Can we talk the fries?  If this is true french fries then I am going to need to go to France and just eat fries all day long.  They were fantastic.  
The two meals were a total of $35.  Incredibly good lunch.
Excellent service.Pros

Classique Steak Frites: the pairing of a perfectly seasoned medium rare steak with crispy french fries was heaven. The steak is topped with delicious maitre d'hotel butter giving it more richness and I love how the parsley stood out in the butter. You cannot dine here without ordering any of their steak and frites options. 

Escargot de Bourgogne: my first time eating snails was actually pleasant and I would definitely order the appetizer again. The garlic herb butter that the snails were bathed in was amazing. So good that I used their baguette to absorb more of the buttery sauce. 

Frangria: perfect cocktail that has a light, smooth, and fruity aftertaste. 

Outdoor seating: I highly recommend taking advantage of their outdoor dining area since its right in front of the Bellagio fountains and you can enjoy the water show every 15 or 30 minutes right from your table. There's also plenty of heat lamps for when it gets cold. 

Cons

Service: from the hostess to the waitress, their unhappy moods were obviously displayed. Service that shows how unhappy can really offset your dining experience.Finally got to try Mon Ami Gabi last week and it did not disappoint.  Called in to get reservations and had no problems with that.  Got seated promptly and service was fantastic throughout the entire night.  

I started with the Onion soup which was pretty good. 
The steak, although it was thin, was cooked medium rare and was delicious. Sauce was nice and spicy. 
 
We also split some sides: garlic spinach, whipped cauliflower, sauteed mushrooms, and the macaroni gratin.  Mushrooms were really good, everything else was ok, but not memorable. 

Overall, all the food was great.  Service was fantastic.  Ambiance/atmosphere was nice, probably a nice date spot.The best restaurant in Vegas by far. The ambiance is fantastic and the staff is always so friendly. The view of Bellagio fountains on the patio doesn't hurt. The food and wine never disappoints!Visited twice, most recent was in January and great service, great atmosphere, since I love to try new things in Vegas we got the escargot (yes,my first time) and was surprised how good they were! Dish came to our table in this cool little escargot-holder dish, with an amazing herb butter marinade that would have made anything taste great: we dipped our fresh baked bread in that sauce til we needed a second loaf. I had the salmon there previously and it was great also. When the weather is good try the patio and a bottle of wine, the people walking by are a show that never gets old !after checking into our hotel we made reservations to grab dinner at monamigabi at paris hotel.  we got there 30minutes early but they had outdoor seating available for us! (make reservations on YELP! or else prepare for a long wait)  lovely view of the bellagio water show and we got there at a perfect time to watch it happen in some sunlight & in the dark...best dining view ever.

the good was....gluten free menu available with appetizer choices as well(real rarity i tell ya!) , complimentary gluten free bread with warm delicious olives!!!! (celiacs usually have to just stare at everyone at the table enjoin warm baguettes while drooling but this place is awesome regarding gluten free eaters!) and the scallops i ordered were seared to perfection! my goodness it was delicious and 5 meaty perfect sized scallops were surrounding a pile of ratatouille (I'm not a fan of ratatouille but it was alright)

the bad was...our server was horrible...he had the worst attitude and was very unhelpful...he forgot our fries and acted like it wasn't a big deal but made a ginormous deal about bringing out complimentary fries 5minutes later.  we also never got refills on $4 sodas.  & one of the salmon salads we ordered came out with a inch long slightly wavy hair (u guess what that was) 

ill come back...didnt get glutened and loved the view!The last night for Vegas, we decided to eat late, 1030 at this steak frite/ french bistro location.

Recommendation, sit outside if the weather is bearable.  The view and people watching is great, plus pending on time, you'll also see the water show at the Bellagio as your sitting across from it.

We ordered the french sangria to start off, and it was pretty decent, a little more red wine taste then I would have liked though.

Bread, comes out fresh in the wax paper, and a good butter.

Appetizer - I ordered the french onion soup, and my friend ordered the special of the night which was an escargot, i know they have one on the menu, but this one was different.  I didnt taste the excargot, because under no circumstance, will i eat it, i just dont like the taste and consistency.  The french onion soup, was the second best i've ever had, a place near me that is now closed, had the best ive ever had, and this easily took second.  It came out and was also a great portion, for me, a bigger guy with a big appetite.  It was fantastic.  My friend said the escargot was good.

Main course - I ordered the filet mignon, with merlot butter, and my friend ordered the filet au poivre with creme fraiche, both medium rare.  Both of these steaks were cooked perfectly.  They also tasted delicious.  There was a difference in the sauce, but the steaks were exactly the same, which is good.  We had gone to craftsteak the night before, but the two places are oddly very different from each other.  

overall - easily worth going to, easily order the french onion soup.Found this place on accident. I was looking for something to eat at 4:30 on a Sunday and most places were closed until 5PM. I was starving and couldn't wait, so  after trying nearly ever where in the Bellagio, I gave up and headed for the Strip.  I noticed a few people braving the 106 degree weather on the patio at Mon Ami and figured their must be a reason. 

The hostess was a little self involved, and initially tried to seat us outside, even though we requested an inside table. We compromised and settled for a table in the shade . 

I started with the Gazpacho, and my friend ordered the French Onion Soup. Both were tasty. The French Onion featured a  mountain of cheese, and the gazpacho was refreshing, with just a hint of basil. 

I went with the Bacon Wrapped pork tenderloin for dinner. What could be better than pork wrapped in pork? Seriously. It was good, if a little overdone for my taste. However, I did enjoy the potato puree and the Cherry Port sauce that accompianed it. My friend went with a Market tomato salad and the Crab Cake and Gribiche Sauce.  The tomatoes were fresh and delicious and the Crab Cake was excellent. 

I ordered a glass of the LaRouche Pinot Noir.  I think it suffered from setting on the rolling wine cart in the 106 degree heat.  

Dessert was Bananas Foster and Creme Brulee. Both were delicious,  as was the coffee. 

Mon Ami is very reasonably priced for a restaurant on the Strip, and the food is good. I probably would have gone with three starts though if not for the excellent service provided by our amazingly hot waiter Matthew. Seriously. I am rarely ever speechless, but this one rendered me mute.The BEST breakfast on the strip.  Go for breakfast (if you go early there will be no wait).  Or, go for dinner, get mussels and frites and a bottle of prosecco, and sit on the outside patio and watch the Bellagio fountains.This place really recreates the feel of a Parisian bistro or sidewalk café. The service is great, and at night this place is really romantic. However, I went for breakfast, so this is the subject of my review. This restaurant won the award of best non-buffet brunch, so expect amazing food. Their fresh-squeezed juices are really flavorful and zesty. The breakfast menu is really varied, but all is good. The Salmon Eggs Benedict is scrumptious, and the crêpes and waffles are all sublime, and become even more so when you top with the house-made whipped cream. A fantastic place, and definitely would return!Oh mon ami! I wish I still spoke/remembered high school French! Or even better...I wished I was in France. Alas, Mon Ami Gabi will do. This petit French restaurant sitting outside - where else?!! - at the Paris Hotel!!! DUH!

My friends and I made reservation thru Open Table and were seated at our reserved time. We were smack centered in the patio (half-way outside) facing the Bellagio's water show. I'm sure it's even more spectacular at night. If you prefer to dine here for dinner, do make reservations!!!

Now to breakfast/brunch ...there's nothing better than eggs benedicts (YAY POACHED EGGS!!!) with crab...which is why I was SO HAPPY I went here for brunch. I LOVE crab benedicts, which seems to be a popular dish since one of my friend's ordered it too - what a copy cat! Although, I think it was best she ordered her own because honestly, I wouldn't want to share :). My other friend ordered the steak. It looked good, but he did not want to share either. After we gave the waiter our order, he complimented us that we had made a good choice and asked if we had been there before. Nope, Mon Ami Gabi virgins - we just Yelp a lot.

Verdict: My Crab Egg Benedicts were YUM! Loved them! If it was served for dinner, i would still order it :)Nice to eat out in the warm weather. 

Been to Vegas many many times and I've never stopped here but its always crowded. One of our friends ate here on their recent trips and said they enjoyed it a lot. 

Glad I came here on a recent trip I took! 

The wait was not long at all, they said 15-20 min est, but it was more like 10min and that went the same for the people ahead of us. 

The service was awesome, or server was a guy and he offered us clubbing info too, who to talk to if we needed a hook to get in the clubs etc. AWESOME!! 

We ordered the scallop appetizer, steak fritte, and bake cheese. 

Scallop appetizer come in quantity of three, and is covered with cheese and grilled onion. This dish was good, but i was just sick of cheese and grilled onion by the time I got to it. I was expecting more scallops but its ok, it's Vegas, you get what you paid for. 

The bake cheese was extremely to die for. It was covered in this red tomato soup sauce. I would just come back for this dish alone. 

Steak Fritte. Steak was extremely tender and yummy! It also comes with a generous size portion of grilled onions. 

Will come back again the next time I'm in vegas!Always super fun place and now a Vegas tradition for me to grab a bite & a drink, feel the Vegas strip's pedestrian energy, and watch and listen to the Bellagio Fountains explode in the foreground!  

Always love coming here for brunch on the weekends. They have a dedicated dish for brunch everyday, along with variety of cocktails.

From the plats de jour, ordered the Beef Bourguignon eggs Benedict. Along with their brewed coffee. The beef Benedict was rich, tasty, eggs fluffy and cooked perfectly. 

Weather was a wee bit chilly, but the sunshine was spot on, and the design of the seating of the patio blocked any wind. Service was very good, we enjoyed our time and food. Will definitely be back!Great spot to eat outside and watch the fountains. Great food, although since it's French it can be a bit heavy. Love the steaks and the onion soup.Great place for a meal after running the Rock n' Roll Half Marathon.  It was clos tto the finish line and we wee able to get a reservation without any trouble.I have eaten here a couple of dozen times and they have without a doubt the best steaks in Vegas for the price and other than a long wait to be seated I have never had a bad experience.  This past Friday was no exception.  
The ambiance is great and we had a window seat view for the Bellagio water show. Our waiter was fast, professional and overall did a great job. 
The fresh and hot french bread is served warm in a bag and we asked for an Amuse-bouche of finely cut carrots( reminds me of the carrot salads I have had on the TGV trains in France) 
The two of us shared the following: 
The Frisée & Warm Bacon Salad, good not great.   
 The Hors D'Oeuvres of  Sea Scallops Gratinées with  caramelized fennel and onion marmalade and mussel cream was off the charts. 
 TheFilet Mignon with  merlot butter, red wine reduction  and thin ribbon cut pom frites delivered in spades, perfectly cooked and very tender, tons of flavor.   
If you are staying at Paris this place is a must try. They are generally very busy at night and service and seating can be challenging at times, especially patio seating in the summer months. They do have two small bars where you can eat a full meal off the menu, great for solo people on business travel.After reading various reviews, I decided to take my friend here for breakfast.
Our waiter, #21, was very friendly and helpful.
Coffee was great. Food was delicious. 
Patio seating a are first come first serve.love sitting out on the patio along the strip...
we always go with friends and are treated like royaltyLocated right on the strip under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, this is a beautiful place to see and be seen in. If you're lucky enough to get a patio table (with a reservation AND come in early), you get a view of the Bellagio fountains, the Eiffel Tower, Caesars in the distance and beautiful lights. We sat inside, but still, the ambiance was there. The service very attentive, quick, and the server had great recommendations and favorites. We had:

Steak Bearnaise - tender, Great sauce, excellent pommes frites
Beef Bourguignon - tender beef, wonderful sauce, buttered noodles (YUM)
Burger - Good, came with pommes frites

Overall a good place to go for lunch/dinner. I would definitely recommend making a reservation so as to not wait, and again, get there early for a chance to sit outside and admire the passerby's and weather. We definitely wanted to come back here, but with such a short visit it makes for a good first night dinner to set the tone for your trip. They are known for their steak, their tender, flavorful steak. Have someone at your table try one if they like to share, or order one each and compare.Brunch with a view of the Belle hotel..Oh la la!

The mister and I came here as it was just across the street from the Bellagio. We did not want to eat at the Belle buffet nor the Cafe Bellagio. Since this was a popular spot for brunch, I say why not. We were greeted by a group of lovely hostesses and we seated in the atrium area by the window with the view of our hotel. Brunch menu is too the point with a few dishes listed. There is also a full lunch menu if you don't want brunch. I got the ordinary eggs benedict and the mister got the corned beef hash. Food is very good but nothing special. We also got a loaf of french bread. I drank an espresso which woke me up in good time. We ended our brunch with banana fosters crepe. Yum and delish! Our waitress was very attentive and did not wait awhile for our food. Great restaurant on the strip that won't break your wallet.I'll start by saying that I'm the kind of person that likes variety, but this place was so good and well-priced that I found myself there on two consecutive nights recently.  First of all, you can request to sit in their large windowed room or on their patio in order to view the spectacle that is the Bellagio water show.  At night the show is very beautiful, and contrasts well with the soft candelight and ambiance of the dining room.

Concerning the food, I started with the goat cheese and tomato sauce appetizer.  Everyone at my table thought this was beyond good.  They serve it with a crispy garlic bread, and the portion is rather large so you'll want to share with a few other people if you can.  For my main dish I chose the pan seared scallops, which were perfectly cooked and tender with a sweet puree sauce.  I also made sure to try my friend's filet mignon with merlot butter sauce and it was DELICIOUS.  It came out to be about two inches thick, and really was a beautiful piece of meat which was well complemented by the crispy texture of the pommes frites.  If you try combining the scallops with the filet into a surf-and-turf kind of heaven, you won't be disappointed.

For dessert we tried several of their varieties.  By far the best was the white chocolate bread pudding.  It was rich and delicious, without the gummy texture that some poorly cooked bread pudding tends to take on.  I specifically ordered the lemon tart, which was combined with some sour cherry concoction and was truly delicious.  If you like your dessert a bit tart, I would definitely recommend this.  The chocolate flourless cake was really good too, and came with a delicious ice cream.  

My only complaint, which is probably a matter of personal preference, is that I found the french onion soup just okay.  It was a bit too sweet for me, and I would have liked the bread to retain some of it's crunch.  Other than that, everything else was delicious!Wow! What a treat! This was one of the best dining experiences we've ever had; practically perfect in every way. If they are this meticulous at breakfast, I can't wait to have dinner at this fine restaurant.
We were seated promptly in the glass enclosed dining area that lies between the main dining room and the patio dining area. This was really perfect, as it allowed us to dine in the sunlight without the noise of the street or weather concerns.
Our server was prompt and courteous, taking our order quickly without making us feel hurried. Our plates arrived lightning fast (about five minutes).
My favorite breakfast dish is Eggs Benedict. I figured this would be the perfect place to get my favorite dish, and I was sooo right! It was almost perfect. The English muffins were artisan quality and toasted perfectly. Each one was topped with two slices of ham and a PERFECTLY poached egg. These are no mass-produced, grocery store eggs; they are high quality, farm-fresh eggs with beautiful, rich yolks. All of this was topped with delicious Hollandaise sauce. Here is the only possible issue, and it is actually due to an embarrassment of riches. The eggs need a little bit more sauce, but only because of the richness of the yolks. Once that yolk is released, the Hollandaise is lost. A little extra to balance the dish would be absolute perfection. As it was, this was still the best Eggs Benedict I've ever had (the hash browns were good also). Plus, the orange juice I ordered was fresh squeezed (and I mean FRESH).
One of our favorite desserts is Bananas Foster, so when my wife saw Bananas Foster waffles, she was in. Again; SOOO GOOD! A perfect Bananas Foster draped over waffles that were nice and fluffy inside and perfectly crispy outside. They were served with warm maple syrup in a small ramekin (completely unnecessary) and fresh whipped cream in a sauce boat (completely appreciated).My favorite place. Great location, food and service.  Feels like a special time every time I go here.  Delicious trout, salmon and steak. Bread is fresh.  Love sitting outside, people watching and seeing the fountains at Bellagio. Great staff that know how to provide service excellence definitely recommend.I came here with a friend after we saw the Celine Dion concert. We had reservations for 10:30 and they seated us immediately. We ordered the Warm Brie for an appetizer and it was delicious. Both of us ordered steak. It was cooked well and had surprisingly large portions compared to the small amount of brie we got as an appetizer. We sat close to the patio and the experience of being able to watch the Bellagio fountains while we ate made it a fun experience! Don't miss out on dessert! We tried the white chocolate bread pudding and it was to die for.Cute little parisian cafe. No wait and our server was very friendly. I got the quiche which was huge. The eggs were silky smooth. Also had the caramel creme brule which had a the perfect caramelized sugar crust.  The lunch menu consisted of salads, sandwiches, crepes, seafood, steaks, and other entrees like fish and chicken. The brunch menu appeared to be a little limited though. If it was a nice day, the patio seating is great but it's hot as heck in the vegas summer so I was adamant about sitting in ac.Friendly and helpful service. Quality food. Love the fries and French bread with homemade butter.Seriously. this has got to be my favorite establishment in all of Vegas. Classy, elegant, not super expensive, and most definitely not snooty. We had a gluten allergy in our party too, and they were super accommodating! The steak is great, the escargot is delicious, but the duck confit has got to be the best thing on the menu. Can't get enough of the duck!We had a reservation here on a saturday evening at 7:00. As busy as this place seems to be we could sit immediately inside or wait 15-30 minutes for the patio. We opted for the patio so we sat at the bar briefly and table was ready by the time we finished our drinks. 

Our table was one right on the strip which provided a great view of the Bellagio fountains as well as great people watching. I had oysters to start which were very good. Nothing over the top or any kind of unique variation which was fine with me. They came on ice with lemon, horseradish and mignonette sauce which is all you need. 

For entrees my wife had a special which was three medallion filets and I had the bearnaise steak frites. Both were a little overcooked but they were still filled with plenty of flavor. So nothing to really complain about. I wouldn't hesitate to eat there again because it was still tasty. 

The best part of the dinner was the service. Carlos was our waiter and he was beyond excellent. He was very entertaining, great to converse with and made a great wine recommendation based off our preferences. He paid attention to everything, was meticulous with the service and did not hesitate to take extra time with us and make sure it was perfect. 

We look forward to going back to Mon Ami Gabi. We heard the brunch is the best around and that will be on our schedule next time we are in town. Will hope Carlos works the brunch as well!I made 1230 reservations on a Saturday morning at 11:30 and managed to get great seats.  We were seated in the atrium looking out toward the Bellagio Fountains after finding out the wait for outside seating would be 40+ minutes... but I think it's better in the atrium than outdoors.  Indoors, you won't be surrounded by people walking by chain-smoking and there's not too much wind, especially when it's a cool day.  The Eggs Benedict and Strawberry waffle were delicious!!!  Prices are very reasonable and the service is excellent.  

Oh, dress code is enforced in that men need to have their shoulders covered (so no tanks), but if you walk in with a tank, they give out shirts that the guys can wear :)My boyfriend and I ate here for lunch on the day we left Las Vegas. We wanted somewhere to eat that wasn't a buffet in a relaxed atmosphere for a lighter lunch. 

We both ordered salads, ate a  loaf of complimentary bread, and ordered the escargot. Everything was well plated, portions weren't too skimpy and most importantly it was delicious and not overpriced. Our total lunch with tip was about $43; not bad for eating on the strip at a non-buffet restaurant. 

It was the first time we had tried escargot and I think it was a good experience. Our waiter tried to give us an idea of what we were ordering (flavor and texture-wise) and wasn't pushy about us spending more money like other servers sometimes are. 

The waiter was friendly and diligent with bringing out things in a timely manner. We were seated half inside/half outside on the terrace and had a pretty view of the fountains at Bellagio. It was breezy and relaxing with moderate noise from the other tables, and street. My only complaint was that they played elevator music! Other than that, what a great  way to end our vacation!Great view of Bellagio fountains as you eat.  The food is very good and the price won't break the bank.  Service is always excellent.  One of the best bang for your buck restaurants in vegas.For starters I had the cheese scallops and they were pretty epic.  Also had the eggs benedict and it was good as well.  Only issue was that my muffin for the benedict was kind of overdone and a little tough.  Other than that the flavors were spot on.  They also bring warm fresh French bread to your table with rich creamy butter.  The bread was really good.This place is pretty impersonal because it has so many tables and seemed really hectic. Our waitress was friendly, but it sometimes took her a really long time to get to our table.

The bathrooms were far away (you have to walk through the casino) and had a cheap feeling, already being a bit outdated.

So why did I give them 5 stars? The food made up for everything else. I had the steak with caramelized onions and red wine sauce and it was amazing! One of the best steaks I've had. The frites were also really, really good and so was the banana crepes for desert.

I also really enjoyed the interior which was based on French cafes of the 1920s.

We sat inside, but the seating outside has a really good view of the Bellagio fountains. However, you only get a table on a first come, first serve base, which meant we would have had to wait 40 minutes...OH MY GOD. 
This place was so delicious.

I came here last Sunday for dinner with my sister and sat outside with an unobstructed view of the Bellagio fountains. Our service was excellent, prompt and very friendly.  The freshly made baguette came out warm to our table and we could have as much as we wanted.  I ordered the Salmon with Leek Quinoa and my sister had the Caramelized Sea Scallops.  My salmon was perfectly done, but it was the Leek Quinoa that was truly exceptional. I'm smiling just thinking about it.  My sister also loved her food.  
One disclaimer: if you are looking for large portions (or a buffet), this is NOT for you.  The portions, while enough to fully satisfy me, will probably bother those who want a cheap and large meal and are content with that meal being merely "good".  However, if you value flavor over quantity, don't miss it on your next trip to Vegas-- I know I wont.Outside dining was great and The service was everything you would expect. Our waitress was attentive to our needs and gave good suggestions on the wine selection. The food portions were larger than expected and the French onion soup was very good.Amazing bread. Crusty, hot baguette, served whole, in a paper bag.

Chestnut soup was good. Salads were larger than expected, and better than expected, too. (e.g., careful construction of warm dressing, delicate croutons, very fresh ingredients) Marinated chicken had a delicious skin, but the herbs didn't soak all the way through and it was bland inside. Filet mignon was fine. Frites were so, so good! Steak au poivre was too thin. Mashed potatoes were boring; garlic spinach were fine.

French wine selection, unsurprisingly. 

Service was prompt and obnoxious, which is the best that can be expected for a French restaurant with an image to maintain. :-)

Prices reasonable for a restaurant on the Strip with a shtick. However, holiday menu price is NOT reasonable.

Note: even with a dinner reservation, you need to come early and put your name on the list to sit outside for a view of the Bellagio fountains.An excellent value!
I had dinner here on a Sunday night.  I was able to get a last minute reservation and was seated inside within five minutes of arriving (it was pretty cold outside).  For the amount of customers there that night, I was impressed by both the service and the quality of the food.   

I came with my mother and we decided to split the beef wellington special-- something I normally wouldn't order, but she really wanted it.  I am so glad that we did order it.  The entree came with a great sauce and a side of garlic spinach.  For two women, the portion size was perfect for sharing.  The dish is very rich and savory so a full piece could be a little much.   The whole thing was melt in your mouth perfect.

We also started with the butter lettuce salad that came with goat cheese, apples and roasted beets.  For sides with our entree we ordered the butternut squash and the green beans.  Upon our waiter's recommendation we had the bannans foster crepe for dessert.  Everything was delicious.

My husband took me to the Eiffel Tower restaurant in the Paris Hotel about a month ago.  Apart from the view (which is amazing up there) I enjoyed my dinner at Mon Ami Gabbi more.  Of course it's a much less formal experience from start to finish and the noise level is higher, but I would give it a better rating--especially when you take the difference in price into account!I discovered Mon Ami Gabi Restaurant during my last visit to Vegas. I was so impressed. that during this trip, I made it a point to reserve a spot at this classic French Bistro. I think the family agrees that this was an unforgettable experience. 
A bagged baguette. is placed on the table and our Caesar salads were served. 
We all ordered the Steak Frites
The steaks are listed as "steak" No particular cut. Just steak. Nice tender steak. And the French fries were perfectly done.  
Steaks around the table were, Steak Roquefort, Steak Au Poivre, and Steak Bearnaise.   
With so many steak houses in Vegas it surprised me that,.. in a very French way, this place stands on it's own. The grain-fed Midwest beef is undoubtedly the best beef I've had in a long time. The service is friendly, efficient, and not snooty in any way. 
If you find yourself in Las Vegas make it a point to visit Mon Ami Gabi.
 During the summer months, sit out side, under the misters and watch the water show across the street at the Bellagio. It's a perfect romantic setting.   

Things to remember
No matter how close, a Hotel looks...it's not. It's all an illusion
Cab everywhere
The winter months are frigging cold, take a coatGreat location, the terrace is the best with a view of the Bellagio and fountains.  I had the waffles with carmelized apples and they were so delicious no maple syrup was necessary.  The quiche was rich and creamy, and the Croque Madame was amazing.  The staff was very attentive and made my friend's birthday special with profiteroles and a candle.  A friend who lives in Vegas said it's one of the best restaurant in Vegas and I believe it.I have been dinning at Mon Ami Gabi Rstaurant 2-3x year for the past 10 years. Five stars just does not give it justice and worth every bit of 10 stars! Service is the best on the strip, and bar tenders are so funny they need their own headliner show! Food is consistantly fantastic! Everything is fresh and cooked as requested. Sitting outside gives you a view of the B fountains unlike any other. I highly recommend this restaurant, its service, bar tenders and food for any occasion! Don't go to Vegas and not dinne here!Probably the most authentic Parisian bistro experience on the strip right now (maybe a tie with Bouchon).

Always busy.  Great service.  Steak Frites are the default dish here though my most recent Salmon & Leek Quinoa was near perfect.  Ate here four times - never been in the room off the bar - try and snag a "Lake" Bellagio table view if possible.

All in all, a great dining experience.anddddd im back! made a reservation (please ask to be inside cause it gets HOT in the summer, trust me people)
but we had a view of the fountains and its beautiful 
the service is always good to above par never had any complaints

now the food
got an order of the jumbo crabcake
AMAZING it was perfectly seared, good chunks of crab tasted amazing with the lemony sauce mmmmm wow i think it was my favorite crab cake ever! it was delicious!!! 

10/10

steak frites
this was okay, not my favorite steak but im not really a steak guy anways, wasnt as hot as id like. i like the butter that was mixed with some other stuff, all green haha
the fries were delicious but not my favorite

6.5/10

lobster roll
i thought this was going to be warm! i had no idea it was gonna be cold, it was good but i was hoping for a nice toasty warm lobster roll
the bread though was amazing! nice and buttery mmmm dang it was good. the chips thay were included were ookay , some are all soggy but cant complain too much

6/10

nice champagne! 10 bucks oor so each!

9/10

service, solid, ntohing to complain about 

8.5/10

view! its perfect! just go there sit back and wtch the bellagio fountains its amazing

10/10I love eating here whenever I visit Vegas. Their breakfast offerings are always good. I'm from D.C. and we have 2 locations near us but I feel the Vegas location is the best because they offer more for their breakfast menu than the other locations do for their brunch menu.

Their crispy thin pancakes are wonderful and rich. It's looking like having dessert for breakfast.

Get there early before anybody else and enjoy the tremendous view of the Bellagio fountains without any bother from crowds.If you're looking for mouth watering steak, look no further than Mon Ami Gabi. They start you out with a complementary loaf of French bread and delicious butter. We ordered the lobster bisque which was an acquired taste I thought, and I ended up liking the soup a lot. For my entree, I had the filet mignon cooked medium which melted right in my mouth. The filet had some kind of butter merlot sauce that was simply amazing. The fries were a delicious addition to balance out the taste. My boyfriend had the New York Strip steak which had some kind of red wine reduction and peppercorn which complimented the steak very well. His steak was also very tender an juicy. The server was great and made very good suggestions when asked. He recommeneded a white wine called Vouvray, which had a sweet taste to it. Although I read that it's great with seafood, I felt it paired well with steak also. Basically, the food is amazing. Some of the best steak I've had in a while. This is my second time going and they have been very consistent. The portions are a good size for individual servings and the prices are well worth it and affordable for the food and experience.  

I recommend outside patio seating because you get an added view of the Bellagio fountains. Hint hint for a perfect date setting or even a night out with friends.I always heard my peers rave about this place and I finally decided to give it a try. Had to wait an hour for an outside table but it was so worth the wait (minus the annoying costumed characters harassing tourists on the strip). The escargots were perfect, just like I had in France. I wished they had a bread shop because I'd buy those baguettes and take them home. I had a craving for the steak au jus sandwich and my waiter, Manny told me that item is on the lunch menu but they made it for me anyway. I really appreciated that and it happened to be one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I'm just sorry I didn't have room for dessert. Next time, I'm going to have to try the brunch!Service was great.

We ordered the seafood platter everything was fresh.

For the entree I irdered the lamb t-bone medium rare. It was cooked perfectly. It came with a side of ratatouille which was full of flavor. It was the best ratatouille I have ever had. 

Then dessert we all shared a crepe suzette. Its had vanilla ice cream and orange marmalade. The ice cream was amazing. The crepe with the marmalade was sweet  it had just the right amount of orange flavor.The outdoor seating is a must!  If you get there after 3:00pm you have a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains going off every 1/2 hour.  It really is a venu appropriate for all sorts of occasions-- from a romantic evening for two, to a little girl's 8th birthday party.  (I have seen all kinds of patronage)  Makes sense, I guess, since it is part of a hotel on the Las Vegas strip.
Don't miss the French onion soup, for it is divine, and the roast chicken dish is amazing, too.  Be prepared to spend a pretty penny, though, as Mon Ami Gabi is by no means one of those cheapies scattering the strip.  It has always been a special experience for me.I should probably point out that my trip to Mon Ami Gabi was a bit atypical.  A lot of reviews noted how long the wait was to get a table, but the five of us were fortunate enough to get seated outside immediately.  While that might have been luck, I'm sure when we were there had something to do with it too - a Monday morning in early February.  Had we been there on a weekend during the summer or spring break instead, it would have been a very different story...and possibly a very different review.

Although nothing we had really amazed (except the baguettes...so good!), I thought the food was pretty solid overall (four stars is about right).  Since my friend and I both wanted to try the Sea Scallop Gratinées, we decided to share an order while I went with the Croque Monsieur for myself.

- Sea Scallop Gratinées (sea scallops with caramelized fennel, onion marmalade, and mussel cream) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=mAWQUpEJV5oBmFBVS95EbA) - the scallops were pretty standard, but I really liked the mussel cream, onion, and fennel.  Despite how good it was, I'm not sure I would get it again since I feel like I can find something comparable in SF.
- Croque Monsieur (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=uHua_ESHqRFwEwM6xZ-KUQ) - pretty damn tasty.  Unlike others I've tried, there was a nice balance between the gruyere and crème fraiche.  The corners of the bread were a little hard and dry, but it's a pretty minor quibble.  And the fries?  Delicious.

What made me give them five stars though were their baguettes (yes, that good...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=NoliktR7IHC8B3EkaJBwiQ) and the service.  Our waitress was terrific - accommodating, friendly, and checked on our table quite often.  What stood out though was how honest she was.  When I asked her about the soup du jour (soup of the day - cream of garlic), she actually recommended I skip it since she thought it was pretty salty.  I passed as she suggested, but she was nice enough to bring out a espresso cup of the soup anyways so I could see for myself...and she was right.  Not sure if many other servers would have done the same thing.

Considering it's The Strip, the lunch prices seemed relatively fair, but I can't say if the same is true for their dinner menu.  Still, the view alone might be worth the money.  With the Bellagio right across the street, I imagine it's pretty awesome to watch their water shows while you eat.  That is, assuming it's on while you're there.  It wasn't for us...One of several times my wife and I have dined at Mon Ami Gabi. Today was our first time for breakfast. Loved it. I had the brioche French toast with blueberry compote. It was excellent. Had a nice crust but tender inside. My wife could not decide so the server suggested she do a half order of her two top choices. Perfect. She had the bananas foster waffle and the corned beef hash. Both were excellent. 
The atmosphere is great here, the service is very good, and the food is generally very good.  It's consistent from visit to visit so we always look forward to coming back, and always recommend Mon Ami Gabi.Very delicious. I suggest the goat cheese..yes I know it sounds weird ..but it was awesome!!Best ribeye I've ever tasted.

Came here with the boyfriend for a nice dinner while on vacation and had my socks blown off by the ribeye. It was cooked perfectly, with a nice sear on the outside. The boyfriend ordered the beef wellington and it was incredible, as well.

Wish I remembered the name of our server because he was amazing!! Sent us a dessert on the house because he thought we were cute :) Too sweet!Went here for brunch and the food was fantastic! Also, very well priced for being on the Las Vegas strip. We sat outside. It was first come, first serve for patio seats but we got seated within 15 minutes.One of the greatest French steak restaurants that my entire family enjoyed! We were looking for an affordable place to dine since Vegas buffets are fairly overpriced (and worth it), we decided to try out Mon Ami Gabi. It's located right at the main front of Paris Resort and Casino. It has indoor dining with an intimate feel with dim lighting and candles as the table's centerpiece, but it was really cold from their AC given with Vegas' scorching hot weather during the summer. We opted to dine outdoors since it has the breeze of the AC from inside the restaurant as well as the misting fan for outdoor dining. Outdoor dining is great with the front view of the Bellagio's fountains and pedestrians walking by. The wait wasn't as long (15 minutes) since we had dinner right at 5pm.

The pricing is very affordable for steak and comes with a variety of selections. I had the Steak Bernaise (popular choice) and it was so delicious. Their sauce that comes with the entree compliments with the steak. Mon Ami Gabi's steak pricing is a minimum at $20s range and the Steak Bernaise was in its $20s range. Great pricing for a steak with quality! The entire time, I was pleased to see how much my family enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi. Their steak frites was pretty good, not the usual side orders of fries as it was thin and crispy. Their in-house french baguette was hot and fresh that my sister had to ask for seconds. My nephew had the Fish and Chips, but it was not the usual fish battered fish and chips. The fish came as a patty form which was well done and not the typical deep fried fish and came with frites. Mon Ami Gabi has received two thumbs up from our family. Definitely will come back to Mon Ami Gabi next time we come to Vegas.great place to dine bit pricy -1 star little high price rest every thing greatGreat place to eat on the Strip, Inside or out. Service is great and wonderful French selections on the menu. Great view of the fountains from outside on the patio, or just inside the front room.good mushroom omelette. Great bloody mary bar.  Selection of vodka + pickapepper, louisiana green wasabi hot sauce, some other good one i'd never tried, worchestershire, too kinds of mix, straight tomato and some other premixed (with anchovies!) very good, asparagus, celery, red and green jalapenos, olives, horseradish, pickled ginger, salami sticks (no thanx for me but you might like!), tomatos etc.  Only missing: green beans, lemon (for a small squeeze on top) and cocktail shrimp.  Outdoor dining available but get their early or tip for a table!  give this joint a try. also in Chicago (and perhaps elsewhere).  At Paris Hotel & Casino.This place started on the wrong foot, but once we came, they made up for it. What I didn't like was that they can't tell you wait times over the phone. Even when I said I'm walking right now and from my hotel across the street (Bellagio), and should be there less than 5 minutes, what is the wait? The hostess gave me a generic response of anywhere between 5 minutes to 2 hours. I said you can't narrow this down? She said unfortunately no. Needless to say we get there and there was no wait....woulda been nice if she just said that to begin with. 

The server was excellent and the water guys never left my drinks empty. The food is all a la carte, but so delicious! The free hot baguette before your meal is so fresh and delicious...you don't want to stop eating it! We ordered the filet and it was decadent. Yummy!Awesome breakfast - great food and they are NOT part of a casino. Definitely will be back next time in Vegas! Food was awesome.I went here with my girlfriend for lunch back in October '07.  I had the absolute BEST steak sandwich I have ever had in my entire life!  It basically melted in your mouth - so moist and juicy!  Simply amazing.  Unfortunately, I cannot speak about the dinner service as we only had lunch, but I would highly recommend having lunch and a couple beers and watching the fountains at Bellagio.